
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Greensburg Daily News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 10, 2010 Wednesday

City Awarded Major State Grant To Help With Storm Sewer Planning

BYLINE: Joe Hornaday, Greensburg Daily News, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


Feb. 10--In order to help the city of Greensburg with its ongoing sewer and
storm drainage problems, the state has doled out some cash to fund a storm
drainage planning study.

According to information provided by Indiana Lt. Governor Skillman and Mayor
Gary Herbert, the award for Greensburg comes in the form of a $29,160 Planning
Grant. The recently awarded planning grant the city will be used primarily to
fund the storm drainage planning study. These federal dollars are from the
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community
and Rural Affairs (OCRA) administers these types of grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA, explained. "These studies are costly for rural communities, but
the state will continue to support communities that have a vision for improving
the quality of life for Hoosiers."

Much of the current work on the Lincoln Street Reconstruction Project has been
focusing on storm sewer and drainage, especially in areas that have experienced
frequent flooding problems, like near Decatur County Memorial Hospital. In the
last few years, projects to correct the storm drainage issue have been taking
place around the city. The planning study will assess the city's current storm
water system, which has many components that are outdated as well as areas with
no existing storm water infrastructure.

"Drainage is the most critical part of Greensburg's infrastructure, and this
grant will help us assess the greatest areas of need," Street Commissioner Mark
Klosterkemper said.

As residents know, city frequently experiences poor drainage and standing water
immediately following significant rainfall. The completed plan will provide
Greensburg with a comprehensive list of recommendations for improvements and
will also include cost analyses, preliminary design data and other resources.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

To see more of the Greensburg Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greensburgdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Greensburg Daily News,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100210-GD-City-Awarded-Major-State-Grant
-To-Help-With-Storm-Sewer-Planning-0210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GD


                                 Copyright 2010


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday

SSGC inks MoUs with eight reputable organisations

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 86

LENGTH: 337  words


SSGC created a record of sorts on March 27, 2013 when Memorandums of
Understandings were signed and exchanged with eight reputable and renowned
educational institutions and NGOs out of eleven such organizations that would be
benefiting from the gas utility's CSR initiatives during FY 2012-13.

Zuhair Siddiqui, MD, SSGC exchanged MoU documents with the representatives of
the collaborative partner organisations, that included, The Citizens Foundation,
NED University, Institute of Business Management, Family Educational Services
Foundation, Omair Sana Foundation, Dowites-78 Operations, Thardeep Rural
Development Programme and Indus Resource Centre in an elegant and well attended
ceremony organised on March 27, 2013 by the Company's Corporate Communication
Department at the Head Office auditorium. Yusuf J. Ansari, SGM (Corporate and
Legal Affairs) and Nasreen Hussain, Dy. General Manager (Corporate
Communications) were also seated on stage to witness the exchange of MoUs.

Apart from the above mentioned organisations, SSGC also previously inked MoUs
with Sukkur IBA, Balochistan University of IT, Engineering and Management
Sciences, Quetta and Forman Christian College, Lahore to supplement the
scholarship programmes for their deserving and meritorious students. The
officials of these institutions, however, could not make it to this signing
ceremony.

In his welcome speech, SGM (Corporate and Legal Affairs) reiterated that the
management was pleased to note that while the Company has been collaborating in
its CSR efforts with some well established names, this year it has also
partnered for the first time with organisations such as Dowites-78 Operations
and Thardeep Rural Development to help achieve their health and community
development objectives. In his keynote address, Zuhair Siddiqui, MD, SSGC said
that education is a panacea for all the problems that the country is faced with.
This explains why SSGC in its CSR initiatives focuses largely on supplementing
educational efforts of other organizations

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stateline.org

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Can the Arts Help Save Rural America?

BYLINE: Teresa Wiltz, Stateline.org

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1796 words


Oct. 20--IOWA CITY, Iowa -- Ten years ago, Sarah Calhoun became a 21st century
pioneer, staking a claim in a town far from her Connecticut roots: White Sulphur
Springs, Montana, population 939, located in what was then the poorest county in
the nation.

The logging industry had dried up in the mountain town, but Calhoun saw
potential. So she launched Red Ants Pants, manufacturing work wear for women.
She started an online business and opened a brick and mortar store, and then a
music festival with big-name talent like Lyle Lovett and Wynonna Judd.

The festival brought thousands of music fans to White Sulphur Springs and
generated money to help finance rural enterprises. Today, the once ramshackle
downtown has been revitalized as other businesses have popped up. Which is why
Calhoun was at a conference in Iowa City last week, standing before a crowd of
other rural denizens, business leaders, artists and policymakers, preaching
about the role the arts can play in bringing timeworn towns back to life.

"I want to make rural America sexy again," Calhoun said. And the arts, she said,
are a way to help do just that.

As post-recession, rural America continues to struggle, some rural leaders,
using private and public funding, are experimenting with the arts as a tool to
fuel economic and community development like they did for White Sulfur Springs.

The National Endowment for the Arts is helping by giving $125,000 in seed money
to fund a "Next Generation" initiative to help build arts hubs in rural America.
The idea is to connect artists, arts groups, civic leaders and philanthropists
and encourage them to create sustainable cultural scenes in rural communities to
help spur economic development and entice new, young residents. Iowa, Kentucky
and Minnesota participated this year. Other states seek to join next year.

"You need arts in rural America so that the next generation wants to come there
and live," said Charles Fluharty, president and CEO of the Rural Policy Research
Institute, a public policy institute located at the University of Iowa College
of Public Health.

"If you do not build vibrant, inclusive, diverse places for young people,
they're not going to raise their families there. They're simply not. And those
communities will wither away," Fluharty said.

Around the nation, arts are helping a handful of rural communities make a go of
it. Marfa, a remote desert town in Texas with a population of 1,765, has become
an international arts mecca among fashionistas. Every summer for the last 45
years, 12,000 people swarm Winfield, Kansas, pitching their tents at the town's
annual bluegrass music festival and temporarily doubling the city's population.

Business leaders and city administrators say it's almost impossible to pin a
dollar figure on the amount of revenue arts and entertainment can bring to a
rural community. In 2013, arts and cultural production contributed $704 billion
to the U.S. economy and supported 4.7 million jobs.

Community leaders say the arts can foster community pride and create jobs, even
on a modest scale. To be successful, they say, a rural community must figure out
what makes it unique -- a gorgeous natural landscape that can serve as the
backdrop for a writers' retreat, an old opera house, or a tradition of local
storytelling -- and capitalize on that.

"People say, 'I'm going to Winfield.' They don't say, 'I'm going to the Walnut
Valley Festival.' The festival is giving us this name recognition. You could
never pay for that type of recognition," said Warren Porter, Winfield's city
manager.

Tourists flock to Lanesboro, Minnesota, population 754, a historic town known
for its Victorian architecture and scenic river bikeway, to take in theater, art
galleries, museums, film festivals and live music. Smithsonian magazine named it
one of its "20 Best Small Towns to Visit." (Minnesota has an arts and heritage
fund paid for with revenue from state sales taxes.)

There, the entire town was declared an arts campus two years ago. And with $1.3
million in local, state and federal funding, the town has been renovating
facilities, helping artists relocate there and developing an artist residency
center, said John Davis, executive director of Lanesboro Arts, a coordinating
organization. In the meantime, 10 businesses have opened in town.

Owensboro, a small city in western Kentucky located on the Ohio River, has
invested $260 million of public and private money to revamp its downtown
riverfront and convention center and build a new building for its International
Bluegrass Music Museum.

The city was known for its museum, which opened in 1991 and "set the tone for
creating a brand for arts and culture," said Joe Berry, vice president of
entrepreneurship for the Greater Owensboro Economic Development Corporation. The
town also has a symphony and a pre-professional ballet company.

"We've watched our state government send money to everywhere but Owensboro,"
Berry said. "We decided we're not going to wait for our state government to help
us. We're going to roll up our sleeves and figure out how to do it ourselves."

Remaking Small Town America

At the "Next Generation" summit in Iowa City, artists and policy wonks from 35
states crammed in conference rooms to talk strategy, breaking every now and then
to take in a performance from a storyteller or folk singer.

They toss around the term "creative placemaking," an earnest shorthand for
building economically viable arts hubs.

The bit of jargon belies the urgency that many rural communities face, said Bob
Reeder, program director of Rural LISC (the rural component of the Local
Initiatives Support Corporation), a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit that works
with rural communities to stimulate economic development.

In nearly half of the country's rural counties, more people have moved out than
have moved in during every decade since the 1950s. Many rural communities are
blighted, with vacant buildings and crumbling infrastructure. Rural unemployment
has eased up since the recession, but creating jobs remains a challenge.

"There are many rural communities that are threatened with becoming a ghost
town," Reeder said. "Can the arts save rural America? I would never call it a
panacea, but it's another strategy that we have in our toolkit."

Metropolitan areas receive community development block grants from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development, which give them the flexibility to
do long-term strategic planning.

In contrast, rural communities have to compete for funding. They can apply for a
federal HUD grant. And they receive competitive grants from their governor's
office, which are typically meted out every few years. By the time that funding
comes around, it usually goes to obtaining, say, a new fire truck, rather than
creating an arts scene.

"That's a massive disadvantage to community development," Fluharty said.

Escaping the Big City

Zachary Mannheimer, a former New Yorker who moved to Iowa nine years ago,
travels his adopted state consulting with small towns on how to convert their
abandoned hospitals and hotels into multiuse facilities that incorporate rental
housing for young professionals, restaurants and community arts centers.

The idea is to make a town attractive to young people, said Mannheimer of the
Iowa Business Growth Company, a for-profit economic development group that uses
federal and state loans and tax credits to fund small business startups in towns
across the state.

Increasingly, Mannheimer said, young creative types are being forced out of big
cities and are looking for less expensive places to live. And many people
eventually tire of metropolis living and seek a less hectic existence.

A recent study by the Center for Rural Entrepreneurship found that half of the
young people from rural communities said that they would love to stay in their
hometowns if there were real career opportunities available for them. That means
small town America needs to prepare to welcome them back.

"Towns have to be prepared for 30 years from now. It's all about figuring out
what does your town have that no other town on the planet has," Mannheimer said.

Rural communities should think small in starting to revitalize themselves, said
Reeder of Rural LISC.

Trying to woo back manufacturing in today's service-driven economy is not
realistic, he said. All too often, big corporations swoop into a rural community
but don't end up hiring many locals. And they rarely stick around, he said,
leaving carcasses of abandoned industrial parks.

"Don't be trying to get a Wal-Mart," Reeder said. For every dollar spent in
these stores, 90 cents goes outside the community, he said. "For every dollar
spent in a local food mart, just the opposite happens."

'Capital of Quirkiness'

Sometimes becoming a tourist mecca has its downside, especially if a town
doesn't have the infrastructure to support the boom. In Marfa, for example,
there's no room to grow, said James Mustard, the city administrator. The town is
landlocked, bordered by ranches that have been owned by a handful of families
for years.

In the 1970s, the artist Donald Judd left New York for Marfa. He bought a chunk
of land, and with foundation money, populated Marfa with all kinds of art
installations. CBS's "60 Minutes" dubbed the town "the capital of quirkiness."

Over the years, hipsters from New York and Los Angeles gobbled up the housing
stock to use as second homes. As a result, appraised housing values skyrocketed,
and some locals complained about a jump in their property taxes. Part-timers
rented out their homes on Airbnb. Affordable housing shrank.

"We have few vacant lots," Mustard said. "You can't build a subdivision. You
can't build 20 new houses."

But as Calhoun of the Red Ants Pants Music Festival in White Sulphur Springs
sees it, with careful planning, a community can take advantage of tourism
dollars.

The proceeds from the annual music fest go to a foundation that funds leadership
programs for women, and provides grants to improve rural communities and support
family farms and ranches.

Her county is no longer the poorest in the nation. White Sulphur Springs has a
new Main Street, sporting goods store, brewery and bakery -- and new sidewalks
and streetlights. It soon will have a new school and library.

But Calhoun is not interested in seeing White Sulphur Springs become a boom
town. There's a reason why she moved to the middle of nowhere.

"Getting bigger isn't the solution. Getting better is. If you design it for the
tourists, you're making a mistake," said Calhoun, who represented Montana last
year at the White House's Small Business Leadership Summit. "Design it for your
community. Then the others will come."

___ (c)2016 Stateline.org Visit Stateline.org at www.stateline.org Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161020-SH-Can-the-Arts-Help-Save-Rural-America-20161020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SH


                            Copyright 2016 Stateline


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Children's Safe Harbor

                               1519 ODD FELLOW ST
                               CONROE,  TX 77301
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (936) 756-4644
FAX: (936) 756-4311
URL: www.childrenssafeharbor.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Children's Safe Harbor is a member agency of the Montgomery County United Way
and receives funding to support our forensic interview and counseling programs.
Children's Safe Harbor is partially funded through the Montgomery County
Community Development Block Grant Program and receives funding to support our
forensic interview program.  Children's Safe Harbor is partially funded through
the Montgomery County Commissioners Court and receives funding to support our
medical program.  Children's Safe Harbor is partially funded through the San
Jacinto County Commissioners Court and receives matching funds for our rural
initiative program for that community.  Children's Safe Harbor is partially
funded through the Walker County District Attorney's Office and receives
matching funding for our rural initiative program for that community.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 27, 1993 Thursday

BYLINE: Kristine Donatelle

LENGTH: 593 words


Economic strategies rolled out by Gov. Ed Schafer and trotted out to local
developers this week will likely determine the governor's political fate. The
BUILD program, one piece of the Schafer economic initiative unveiled Tuesday, is
essentially an old economic development program with a new personal stamp on it.
Schafer said the success of the Better Utilization of Investments for Local
Development program would be a direct measurement of his success as governor.

""I think it has to be,'' he said. ""One of the things we ran on was
development, an upturn in the economy, jobs. This is what we talked about in the
campaign. Importantly, this is a shift in philosophy to a community-driven
program.'' Schafer and Economic Development and Finance Director Chuck Stroup
met with regional developers in Bismarck Wednesday to solicit their input on a
strategy for delivering goods and services that is based on that bottom-up
philosophy. A solidified strategy will be rolled out to the public later in
June, they said. BUILD, one piece of the plan, is described as a self-help
approach to local economic development, targeted to rural North Dakota
communities and counties. BUILD provides participants with the tools and
information to create their own economic development strategies. Local
volunteers initiate the four-step process with assistance from professional
development staff. Action plans are developed through public input to retain and
expand existing business, start up growth from within and market for recruitment
of outside business. Strategies will then be evaluated with the goal of
certification. Comparisons to Dakota Spirit, a Growing North Dakota program
already in place with similar goals, were unavoidable. The difference, according
to the Schafer team, is that this program emphasizes the bottom-up initiative,
and prompts participation through incentives. ""I don't know that it makes a
difference what you call it,'' Schafer said, ""the important thing is that both
ED&F and the governor's office are in synch and in concert with a program to
deliver community development, creating the atmosphere but standing out of the
way and letting the communities do the work.'' There are incentives for
communities to participate in the program. They include public recognition
(BUILD signs will identify communities at their entrance), enhanced
opportunities for a community to hold the touring ""Capitol For A Day'' program
and eligibility for additional points on certain state-funded applications like
Community Development Block Grant Programs, Technology Transfer Inc. and the
Future Fund. ""Participating in BUILD demonstrates that investment is in a
little bit better hands than in those communities that haven't gone through the
BUILD process,'' Stroup said, ""that BUILD communities have the foundation
necessary to maintain and keep those businesses alive and well and healthy.''
Other incentives include special access to business prospect leads generated by
ED&F and eligibility for participation in advanced training programs and
strategic economic development programs. Pitched on the campaign trail last
fall, BUILD was further described as a collaborative effort between ED&F, the
eight regional planning councils, local development agencies and the North
Dakota State University Extension Service. BUILD will be fully activated July 1.
Interested parties should contact their regional planning economic development
council or ED&F at 1833 E. Bismarck Expressway, Bismarck, N.D. 58504. The phone
number there is 701-221-5300.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           September 17, 2010 Friday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Money briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Money briefs; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 1072 words


Jobless rate falls

BOSTON - Massachusetts added 2,100 jobs in August and the unemployment rate
dropped to 8.8 percent, state officials said yesterday.

The Office of Labor and Workforce Development also revised upward the number of
jobs added in July to 15,200. The original estimate was 13,200 jobs.

The leisure and hospitality sector added 2,800 jobs while the professional,
scientific and business sectors added 2,700 jobs. Construction gained 1,600
jobs. Government lost 1,900 jobs while the manufacturing sector shed 1,600 jobs.

MassWorks formed

WORCESTER - The state is consolidating six grant programs for cities and towns
under a new entity, the MassWorks Infrastructure Program.

The effort is aimed at streamlining state resources, the state said. Lt. Gov.
Timothy P. Murray announced the program yesterday at a Worcester Regional
Chamber of Commerce breakfast.

The six grant programs involved are the Public Works Economic Development, the
Community Development Action Grant Program, the Growth District Initiative, the
Massachusetts Opportunity Relocation and Expansion Program, the Small Town Rural
Assistance Program and the Transit Oriented Development Grant Program.

The programs provide grants to help fund sewers, roads, pedestrian walkways,
water treatment systems and other improvements. The state said that under the
new MassWorks Infrastructure Program, communities will have a single application
and set of rules for all the grants, and the state will be better able to
prioritize projects that are ready to go.

Focus on tax rates

BOSTON - A majority of Massachusetts business and technology leaders surveyed
said taxes are the most important factor in determining if a state has a
competitive business climate, and 40 percent said the state's business climate
is worsening, according to the Massachusetts High Technology Council and the
Pioneer Institute, a think tank.

The annual survey of about 40 chief executives also found that chief executives
consider the corporate income tax the most important aspect of state tax policy,
followed by the personal income tax rate, research and development tax credits,
unemployment insurance taxes and the investment tax credit.

About 56 percent of executives surveyed said the state's tax climate is less
positive than other states, the organizations reported. "The state's
policymakers must carefully examine how public policy affects business costs and
ensure that Massachusetts is competing in all possible areas," Steve Poftak,
Pioneer Institute director of research, wrote in a policy paper. "To be
effective, Massachusetts policymakers must avoid splashy, high profile efforts
to attract marquee firms or sectors and focus instead on improving the
foundation for our entire tech-based innovation economy to better position
Massachusetts as a place where innovators want to work, entrepreneurs want to
start companies, and employers want to grow their businesses."

Summit on benefits

WORCESTER - Commerce Bank's Royal 50's Club will hold a health care summit Sept.
29 on how the nation's health reform law will affect Medicare health and
prescription drug benefits, as well as management of chronic health conditions.

The free event will be held from 5 to 7:30 p.m. at Elder Services of Worcester
Area, 411 Chandler St.

Scheduled speakers include Theresa Eckstrom, director of programs and community
relations at Elder Services of Worcester Area, and Gregory W. Mills, public
affairs specialist with the Social Security Administration.

To RSVP or obtain information, call Eileen Lessard at (508) 459-4126 or e-mail
elessard@bankatcommerce.com

Abbot dividend

ABBOTT PARK, Ill. - Abbott Laboratories said yesterday it will pay a quarterly
dividend of 44 cents per share to holders of common stock.

The dividend is payable Nov. 15 to shareholders of record as of Oct. 15. Abbott,
a pharmaceutical company, is the parent of Abbott Bioresearch Center of
Worcester.

Starrett change

ATHOL - L.S. Starrett Co., a maker of precision tools and instruments, said it
has changed the date of its annual meeting to Oct. 20 from Oct. 13. The meeting
will be held at 2 p.m. at the company's offices at 121 Crescent St.

Unum senior notes

CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. - Employee benefits and disability insurance provider Unum
Group has completed an offering of $400 million in senior notes.

The 10-year notes were issued Wednesday with an annual coupon rate of 5.625
percent. The proceeds will be used to repay senior notes due next March.

Morgan Stanley & Co. Inc., UBS Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and
Wells Fargo Securities LLC were joint book-running managers.

Unum has operations in Worcester.

Delay for Schilling

PROVIDENCE - The closing date on a $75 million Rhode Island loan guarantee to
Curt Schilling's video game development company has been pushed back until
October.

The state is offering the loan guarantee to the former Red Sox pitcher's game
company, 38 Studios, to relocate it from Maynard, Mass., to Rhode Island. The
company says it will bring about 450 jobs to the state by the end of 2012.

The deal, which has been slammed by political candidates and others who fear it
puts taxpayer dollars at risk, was expected to close sometime this month. But
Robert Stolzman, a lawyer for the state Economic Development Corporation, said
Thursday the deal won't close until October.

Stolzman says the deal involves lots of details, and there's no one reason or
problem that has pushed back the closing date.

Pfizer loves pets

NEW YORK - Pfizer Inc., the world's biggest seller of drugs for people, now is
looking to make more bucks from Fido, Fifi and farm animals.

The company is developing drugs for new animal diseases, pushing into the
growing market for pet medicine in emerging markets and working with livestock
farmers to use its genetic tests to reduce costs and produce top-quality meat.

Despite that strategy, Pfizer will be bumped from its position as the top animal
health company by revenue when a planned joint venture of rivals gets approved
by regulators, probably early next year. Merck & Co. and Sanofi-Aventis SA are
combining their animal health businesses into what will be called
Merial-Intervet. It is expected to initially have about 28 percent of the $19
billion-a-year global animal health market.

Pfizer's president of animal health, Juan Ramon Alaix, is unfazed, saying his
unit will remain first in innovation, with a $300 million research budget.

From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 5, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

Clinton Sets Enterprise Zone Plan;
New Panel Would Aid 110 Local Initiatives

Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 946 words


President Clinton yesterday proposed a new program of local enterprise zones
that would marry communities, private industry and the federal government in
hopes of stimulating development in 110 of the nation's disadvantaged areas.

The heart of Clinton's proposal envisions creation of an "Enterprise Board,"
composed of Cabinet departments and other federal agencies, that would approve
community applications and provide "one-stop shopping" for local officials
seeking help in areas from housing to health care to crime-fighting.

"There has often been no coordinated strategy for using . . . federal money,"
Clinton told local officials and community leaders from around the country
during a conference telephone call to announce the plan. "Your growth has been
restrained by a maze of federal regulations and the need to appeal to a maze of
federal agencies. . . . We're trying to change all of that."

The administration's budget calls for $ 4.1 billion in new tax revenue spread
over five years, with most of the money to be used as tax incentives for
industry. In addition, the administration plans to spend $ 1 billion for grants
and for enhanced community policing.

Any other money the proposal needs would come from existing funds under the
purview of particular agencies. Gene Sperling, deputy assistant to the president
for economic policy and co-chairman of the task force that developed the
enterprise zone proposal, said the administration hopes to get as much as $ 3
billion from these sources.

Sperling said the House Ways and Means Committee is examining tax legislation to
raise the $ 4.1 billion. The rest of the bill, entitled the Economic Empowerment
Act of 1993, will move to Capitol Hill "quite soon," he said.

Sen. Bill Bradley (D-N.J.), who introduced eight pieces of urban development
legislation in March, said he thought the Clinton initiative "stands a very good
chance of passing" Congress. The proposal, he said, "incorporated six of my
eight bills," and "you've got to be pleased about that."

More cautious was Sen. Alfonse M. D'Amato (R-N.Y.), who, as ranking member of
the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, will lead Republicans
during Senate hearings on the Clinton bill. "I commend the president for putting
forth this proposal," D'Amato said. "I look forward to working with him on the
details."

The chief detail likely to provoke Republicans is the $ 4.1 billion tax
proposal, although most of this money is designed to provide incentives for
industry -- the principal feature of previous Republican-sponsored enterprise
zone legislation.

The Clinton initiative, however, goes significantly beyond earlier Republican
proposals. The industry incentives remain, but are incorporated into overall
development strategies submitted by local leaders to the Enterprise Board for
approval: "Not a single dollar will go out without a coordinated strategy
developed at the grass-roots level," Clinton told the local officials.

Bruce Reed, task force co-chair with Sperling and deputy assistant to the
president for domestic policy, explained that local leaders would compete for
grants to convert a disadvantaged community or neighborhood into one of 110
enterprise zones nationwide. The officials would provide a blueprint including
development plans in education, job creation, health care, housing, drug
treatment or other areas.

Sperling said the board would select 10 "empowerment zones" (six urban, three
rural and one Native American reservation) eligible for "enterprise grants" for
development and wage-tax credits for companies that locate inside the zone.
Companies would get a $ 5,000 tax credit for the first $ 20,000 in wages earned
by a worker living in the zone.

The 100 other winners (65 urban, 30 rural and five Native American) would be
designated "enterprise neighborhoods" -- eligible for enterprise grants, but not
for the large-scale wage-tax credits. Sperling said the administration had held
down the number of empowerment zones because of funding shortages and "so we
could maximize the impact of our resources."

"The idea," Sperling said, "is to focus some of the resources and learn what
works, instead of diluting them by spreading them too thinly." Sperling said the
Department of Housing and Urban Development would serve as the Enterprise
Board's lead agency for the urban zones, while the rural zones would fall to the
Agriculture Department and the Native American zones to the Interior Department.

For a prospective zone to be eligible for selection, at least 20 percent of
households must be living below the poverty line. An urban zone in a large city
could have a maximum population of 200,000. The maximum would be 50,000 for
cities with fewer than 500,000 people, and 30,000 for rural zones.

Clinton's campaign literature embraced the idea of enterprise zones, but his
aides made it clear that the president's vision was of an "enhanced enterprise
zone" that coupled industry incentives with economic development.

Yesterday's proposal was developed over a 10-week period by a "Working Group on
Community Development and Empowerment," chaired by Sperling and Reed, with
assistance from several Cabinet departments and agencies. Much of the plan was
ready for presidential review weeks ago, but details were withheld until Clinton
approved the Enterprise Board concept, the proposal's major innovation.

"The beauty of enterprise zones is that they offer the kind of bold initiative
the president is interested in," Reed said. "They are small, targeted, easy to
measure, and almost any roll of the dice would produce a better result than
anything else we've tried."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 16, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CLINTON OFFERS COMMUNITY LENDING PLAN; $382 MILLION PROGRAM IS DESIGNED TO HELP
PEOPLE IN INNER CITIES, RURAL AREAS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Bill Clinton sent to Congress on Thursday a lending program that would
provide $382 million in seed money over four years to encourage lending in
credit-starved inner cities and rural communities.  The Treasury Department said
the program would spur up to $2 billion in lending.  "The potential for creating
new jobs in America through this initiative is absolutely enormous," Clinton
said in a ceremony on the White House lawn.  "And they can be created in places
where people have long given up on the free enterprise system." In a fact sheet
accompanying Clinton's announcement, the White House said, "Millions of
Americans in low- and moderate-income neighborhoods have no bank where they can
cash a check, borrow money to buy a home, or get a small loan to start a
business or keep one going." Sen. Donald W. Riegle Jr., D-Mich., convened a
hearing of the Senate Banking Committee less than two hours after Clinton
finished announcing the program. Riegle said the plan offered "a promising new
way" to "rebuild distressed urban neighborhoods and rural areas." Rep. Henry B.
Gonzalez, D-Texas, chairman of the House Banking Committee, called the program
"a crucial rung on the ladder of economic success" made necessary by the
pervasive lending discrimination of conventional banks.  Rep. Tom Ridge, R-Pa.,
called the program "just another government handout." He contended that a
current-but-unfunded program - which he devised - would prove far more effective
and would make use of the entire banking system. His program would offer banks a
discount on their deposit insurance premiums in exchange for increased lending
in blighted communities. He said his plan would generate $10 in lending for
every $1 of federal spending.  Before Clinton spoke Thursday, he was preceded by
business owners who offered personal accounts of being rejected by banks before
getting loans from community development financial institutions.  They included
the president of an employee-owned clothing manufacturer in North Carolina, the
owner of an ice cream shop in Harlem, N.Y., that employs homeless people and a
single mother who started a riding stable in Ohio.  Clinton's plan would
establish a nine-member board to administer a Community Development Banking and
Financial Institutions Fund. It would supply grants, training and technical
assistance to private groups that establish community development banks. Current
community development corporations, loan funds and credit unions would be
permitted to compete for the money.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 March 28, 2001

grants: GBP 1.5m to enhance council work

BYLINE: By Thoward-Healy

SECTION: News:Politics:Local Government, Pg.7

LENGTH: 346 words


Government cash boost for services

BY Tim Healy

At least GBP 1.5 million is being pumped in to modernising local council
services in Harborough district thanks to two major Government grants.

The local authority has just announced major funding awards which will help
promote electronic services and enhance the provision of social housing.

Chief executive Michael Wilson said: "The council has worked very hard for this
funding.

"The council is in a strong position to meet the challenges of providing modern
services for our citizens.

"The council will continue to encourage and work with other parties to promote
information technology in the community."

Development of E -Government at the council will receive GBP 1 million which has
been allocated following a joint bid by the Welland Partnership under the
Pathfinder scheme.

It will enable the authority to extend the number of services including
computer-driven access in rural areas and, in time, possible online payment of
council tax and benefits.

He said the remaining money will continue to support the Harborough Homesearch
scheme which has teamed up with housing associations to improve the letting of
social housing.

Local Government Minister Patricia Hewitt MP said: "It is vital that local
government takes advantage of the E -revolution to provide modern services in
way that is accessible to local people.

"The Pathfinder initiative will ensure that those councils are well placed to
meet the challenges set by the Prime Minister of all public services to be
electronically accessed by 2005."

Housing Minister Nick Raynsford MP said 90 authorities had applied for funds to
promote social housing schemes and congratulated Harborough District Council on
its social housing initiative.

The Harborough Homesearch was set up as a pilot scheme last year and the GBP
500,000 funding from the Government will enable it to continue and expand.

Under the scheme, the council and three housing associations pool information on
social housing so that applicants' needs can be met fully.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2001 Leicester Mercury


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Utah: Laura Jane Musser Fund: Rural Initiative Program

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Deadlines  Nov 6, 2013
Contact

Mary Karen Lynn-Klimenko
Grants Program Manager
Phone: 612.825.2024
Email: ljmusserfund@earthlink.net
Purpose

Encourages collaborative and participatory efforts among citizens in rural
communities that will help to strengthen their towns and regions in a number of
civic areas including, but not limited to:

Economic development
    Business preservation
    Arts and humanities
    Public space improvements
    Education

Eligibility

Applicants must be located in a community with a population of 10,000 or fewer.
Applicants must be located in Colorado, Hawaii, Minnesota, Ohio, or Wyoming.

Applications will be accepted from:

Nonprofit 501(c)(3) organizations
    Organizations that are forming if they are sponsored by a 501(c)(3)
organization
    Units of government at the local level

Geographic
coverage  Ohio, Colorado, Hawaii, Michigan, Minnesota, Wyoming
Amount of
funding

Planning (up to $5,000):
These funds may support costs like: consultant or staff time, meeting costs,
mailings, secretarial support, refreshments, local travel, childcare, etc.

Implementation (Up to $25,000):
These funds are available to implement community based rural projects that
originate in, have been planned by, and involve diverse people from the local
community. Capital campaigns will not be supported.

Application
process

A link to the online application process is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Food and hunger, Parks
and recreation, Colorado, Hawaii, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Wyoming

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $190 Million for Affordable Housing

LENGTH: 747  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced $190 million for both building and
preserving affordable housing, available by application to eligible
organizations with shovel-ready projects.

"Everyone deserves a safe, affordable place to live, and this funding will help
get more New Yorkers into a place to call home," Governor Cuomo said. "These
funds will not only get housing projects off the ground, but are also an
important step to creating stable, healthy communities. We will continue working
with local partners and organizations to support affordable housing
alternatives."

The funding, available through Homes and Community Renewal, makes resources from
a variety of programs available to eligible organizations. Applicants with
shovel-ready projects that support state housing goals of revitalization and
economic development, mixed-income and mixed-use development, workforce housing,
and affordable housing preservation may apply for an Early Award and receive an
accelerated application review.

Interested applicants are encouraged to complete the Homes and Community
Renewal's Unified Funding Application, a single-source, streamlined process to
apply for several funding streams for affordable, multifamily developments. New
to the Unified Funding in 2014 will be the inclusion of Community Development
Block Grant Disaster Recovery program resources, making up to $50 million
available to assist communities affected by Superstorm Sandy, Hurricane Irene,
and Tropical Storm Lee. The funding round also establishes a funding priority
for projects that will serve communities impacted by the Summer 2013 severe
storms and floods. In addition, up to $25 million is available this year to
support the Governor's Medicaid Redesign Team initiative and increase supportive
housing options.

Darryl C. Towns, Commissioner and CEO of New York State Homes and Community
Renewal said, "Under Governor Cuomo's leadership, HCR has been coordinating
State resources, providing incentives for projects ready to break-ground, and
setting high standards for the use of State housing funds. The result is quality
housing that addresses needs in communities around the State and will be an
asset for years to come. I look forward to working with our partners and to
seeing the thousands of homes that will be created with this funding."

Early Award preference will be given to projects that, among other things:

Will help rebuild communities affected by natural disasters
    Serve communities participating in Governor Cuomo's CORE (Community
Opportunity, and Reinvestment) initiative, which aligns state support with local
efforts to serve high-needs communities
    Create family housing opportunities to support active military bases
including the Fort Drum Impact Area and Hancock Field
    Create supportive housing for veterans with special needs
    Support priority projects identified in Regional Economic Development
Council plans
    Develop workforce housing close to transportation options (Transit-Oriented
Development) including Metropolitan Transit Authority Stations and multi-modal
transportation centers in Upstate
    Redevelop and preserve the state's 8,600 Mitchell Lama Housing units
transferred from the New York State Empire State Development Corporation to
Homes and Community Renewal as part of the Governor's $1 billion House New York
program
    Develop projects in New York City that support the goals of the Governor's
Medicaid Redesign Team initiative

Funds announced today are expected to leverage hundreds of millions of dollars
in public and private resources. In 2013, $95.7 million was awarded to assist
2,092 units. The projects leveraged $435 million in grants, loans and private
resources.

In this round of funding, applicants are competing for:

$40 million in low-interest loans through the Low-Income Housing Trust Fund
Program
    Up to $50 million in Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery
Program funds
    Up to $25 million in Medicaid Redesign Team Housing Capital Program funds
    Up to $32 million in Mitchell-Lama Program funds
    Approximately $7 million in NYS Home Program funds
    $500,000 in Rural Area Revitalization Program funds
    $50,000 in Urban Initiatives funds
    $25 million in Federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credits
    $4 million in State Low-Income Housing Tax Credits

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Sligo Weekender

                                October 23, 2007

Sligo set to get EUR 20 million for rural development

SECTION: IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 558 words


IT is estimated that County Sligo will be receiving up to EUR 20 million of
grant aid from 2007 - 2013 under the new Rural Development Programme and it is
hoped this will be available to Sligo LEADER Partnership Company by mid-2008 for
rural communities and rural dwellers.

To date Sligo LEADER have held a number of successful consultation events in
Sligo, Tubbercurry, Enniscrone and Ballymote, to provide information on the
planning process for the new Rural Development Programme. The final one takes
place in the Family Resource Centre, Easkey tonight, Tuesday (7-9pm).

The following are the main areas for support: Business Creation and Development,
Encouragement of Tourism Activities, Basic Services for the Economy and Rural
Population, Village Renewal and Development, Conservation and Upgrading of the
Rural Heritage and Diversification into Non-Agricultural Activities.

The European Union has established a new fund called the European Agricultural
Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) for the period 2007-2013 which will operate
alongside the Structural Funds programme for the same period.

This programme incorporates goals related to Agriculture and rural development
and contains what it terms four axis. The fourth of these is the Leader
Programme which in the past was funded as a Community Initiative under the
Structural Funds. This programme is based on the EU framework for rural
development and on the national rural development strategy formulated in line
with that framework. The framework sets three main priorities:

" Improving the competitiveness of the agriculture and forestry sectors;

" Improving the environment and the countryside by support for land management;

" Improving the quality of life in rural areas and encouraging diversification
of economic activity.

The first two priorities are directed primarily at the agricultural and forestry
sectors. Their competitiveness and environmental focus reflects the
multifunctional nature of the sectors.

This theme is also evident in the AgriVision 2015 Action Plan for the agri-food
sector. That plan is based on the vision of "an industry attaining optimal
levels of efficiency, competitiveness and responsiveness to the market while
also respecting and enhancing the physical environment".

The measures in this programme are fully consistent with that vision.
Agriculture and forestry are not the only contributors to rural development. 40
per cent of the population consider themselves rural dwellers, with most
unconnected to farming.

The third EU priority - quality of life and diversification - recognises this.
It is relevant to all rural dwellers including farmers, particularly in view of
the growth in part-time farming. The challenges in the wider context include the
provision of alternative and suitable employment opportunities for people living
in rural areas and a range of services that people now want and expect locally.

Actions centred on the rural community such as the development of rural
enterprises based on local natural resources, tourism, village enhancement and
environmental initiatives will be delivered in a manner that addresses these
challenges and complements on-farm measures. The measures are consistent with
the 1999 White Paper on Rural Development and its commitments relating to the
economic and social well-being of rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Smyth County News & Messenger, Marion, Va

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

$200,000 for regional dental clinic

BYLINE: Dan Kegley, Smyth County News & Messenger, Marion, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 561 words


Apr. 8--Southwest Virginia Community Health Systems' regional dental clinic
inside Saltville's T.K. McKee Hospital building is set to receive $200,000 from
the Appalachian Regional Commission on the recommendation of Gov. Timothy Kaine.

The governor's office said the funding is part of a $2.7 million ARC package
funding 17 community projects addressing economic development, early childhood
education, health programs, job-training and water quality. The funds are
awarded through the ARC's Area Development and Asset-Based Development
Initiative programs.

"The programs funded through these grants will address a variety of important
community needs in Southwest Virginia," said Kaine. "The work of the ARC is
critical to the quality of life of citizens in Appalachia and I am happy to
recommend these projects for funding."

The dental clinic has received other grants and loans since its initial funding
more than a year ago. Congressman Rick Boucher, D-9th, announced in March 2008 a
low-interest $519,000 loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development Agency loan.

Before that, SVCHS had received $138,000 in grants from the Virginia Health Care
Foundation.

In January of this year, the clinic won more federal dollars as part of a $2.3
million Virginia Community Development Block Grant funding the clinic and
projects in Altavista and Richlands.

The clinic will bring affordable dental care to a population that includes a
large number of low-income families. Southwest Virginia Community Health Systems
plans to provide general dental and hygiene services on a sliding fee scale.
Patients will pay what they can afford.

Fourth-year students from the Dental School at Virginia Commonwealth University
will serve a portion of their in-service education providing dental care at the
clinic. Dental hygiene students from Wytheville Community College, dental
assistant students from the Washington County Skill Center will provide students
for the clinic, Boucher said.

Dr. Dick Schamback, a private dentist who has practiced in Saltville since 1979,
will relocate his practice to the clinic and supervise the program. The visiting
students will use 10 dental chairs and Schambach will use five in his private
practice.

"I understand there's a great need," said Schambach, who has provided indigent
care. "I hope to be a part of that."

SVCHS, which operates community clinics across Southwest Virginia, is renovating
more than 4,500 square feet on the second floor of former hospital for the
dental clinic.

SVCHS projects the clinic will serve 3,295 patients in the year following an
anticipated opening in the late spring of 2009, and providing some 5,000
procedures. Eighty-five percent of respondents to a SVCHS survey had no dental
insurance, and 80 percent of local dentists do not accept Medicaid and fewer
participate in the Family Access to Medical Insurance Security program, Boucher
said.

To see more of the Smyth County News & Messenger or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.swvatoday.com/front_page/scn/. Copyright (c) 2009,
Smyth County News & Messenger, Marion, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090408-1SV-DENTAL-CLINIC-20090408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SV


                                 Copyright 2009


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 27, 2008 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Seeking funding hike, PCEDC heralds successes

BYLINE: DIANA BOWLEY OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


In the 10 years since it first organized, the Piscataquis County Economic
Development Council has obtained more than $5 million in grants for the county
and has taken major steps to boost tourism and attract business, according to
Erik Stumpfel, council president.

The council's successes were highlighted Tuesday by Stumpfel, PCEDC Executive
Director Thomas Kittredge, community development specialist Ken Woodbury, and
Donna Fichtner of the tourism task force during a meeting of Piscataquis County
commissioners.

The highlights included the council's work to bring broadband access to the
county; its work with a proposed developer for the Eastern Piscataquis
Industrial Park in Milo, a composites manufacturer in the Greenville Industrial
Park, and a company wanting to become a supplier of boat interiors to a major
yacht company; a one-day conference to discuss new areas of rural economic
development; tourism initiatives; and grant writing.

To build on their success, PCEDC officials on Tuesday submitted a proposed 2009
budget of $100,000 for operations, an increase of $15,000 from this year. In
addition, the council asked for $15,000 for tourism development and requested a
$5,000 supplemental appropriation to support potential tourism-related projects
not currently funded in the budget.

"Everything you presented today is a wonderful program; however, county
resources are finite," Commissioner Tom Lizotte, a founding PCEDC member and
former president, responded to the request. "What you're asking for is an
increase of $100,000 to $120,000; there is no good year to ask for a 20 percent
increase for anything, especially not in the economic situations we find
ourselves in now."'

Last year, the county approved $85,000 for the PCEDC's operation and
appropriated $15,000 for tourism.

Four years ago, the county spent $75,000 for PCEDC, Lizotte said. The next year,
the commissioners supported an increase to $100,000, of which $10,000 was for
operations and $15,000 for the nature tourism project, he said. The nature
tourism funds were startup funds, "not an open-ended funding forever situation,"
he said.

The county funded the tourism project for three years. That money combined with
Maine Humanities Council funds resulted in nearly $50,000 for tourism. "'That's
a pretty substantial contribution," Lizotte said.

Lizotte said the commissioners do see the "credible value" Woodbury has brought
to the county. He said he thought the county would continue its $100,000
donation next year for the council, with the hope the community development work
would continue.

The PCEDC is not the only economic development entity the county funds, Lizotte
reminded the members. Between the council, Eastern Maine Development Corp., the
Moosehead Lake and Piscataquis Chambers, the Piscataquis County Soil and Water
Conservation District, and the Heart of Maine Resource and Development, the
county spends $122,500 a year.

"I know of no other county in this state, especially not among rural counties,
that is already providing $122,500 for economic development, it's just unheard
of," Lizotte said. He requested the PCEDC to go back and find cuts within to
fund the tourism task force.

Brownville Town Manager Sophia Wilson said Tuesday it would be a real shame to
cut the funding for the tourism task force which has made great strides. The
alternative to having the county fund tourism development, she said, would be to
go back and ask the six largest communities that already foot the bill for
smaller communities as service centers to fund tourism development. She said
Brownville appropriated $10,000 to bring the town up to a level of readiness to
be able to connect with the unified regional tourism work.

Wilson recalled that the late Pete Myrick told her: "Sophia, do whatever you can
for the town of Brownville, but remember at the end of the day it is all about
Piscataquis County."

The economic development council has pushed for community development,
traditional development and tourism development, she said. "It's the one place
where towns can get together and work for the benefit of the region."

dianabdn@verizon.net

876-4579

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Ajo Copper News (Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 13, 2015

Local foods, law, block grants were topics at WPCCC

BYLINE: Ajo Copper News staff

LENGTH: 859  words


The January meeting of the Western Pima County Community Council was held last
Thursday with reports from the Ajo Center for Sustainable Agriculture,
Sheltering Ajo, Pima County Sheriff's Department, Ajo Unified School District,
US Border Patrol, Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, Ajo Rocks, the Pima
County Community Development Block Grant program, and Pima County Natural
Resources Parks and Recreation.

The first speaker was Nina Sajovec with the Ajo CSA. Sajovec talked about a
2-year grant of $96,500 from the US Department of Agriculture with the goal of
improving the local farmers market and of increasing local food production. The
funds will be shared by the CSA, ISDA, Loma Bonita, and the Ajo Community Garden
Consortium.

Sheltering Ajo case manager Adriana Martinez discussed the local effort to
provide emergency shelter to homeless people, domestic violence victims,
displaced teens, and others with no roof over their heads.

PCSD Sgt. Kori Tevere fielded a host of questions about recent deputy
activities, including an update on an ongoing rash of burglaries. She explained
that most items being stolen are items left out in view in back yards, such as
power tools. Tevere also reported that local deputy staffing levels have been
reduced.

Dr. Robert Dooley talked about recently hired teachers to fill vacancies, MAPP
testing of students, an upcoming Mariachi band concert, and discussions at the
next board meeting on how to reduce the school budget by about $250,000. He said
the public is encouraged to attend the board meetings on Tuesday, January 13,
and Wednesday, January 14, both at 5:30 p.m. in the school board room next to
the superintendent's office.

Deb Miller of Supervisor Sharon Branson's office was on hand to talk with
residents after the meeting about county issues.

USBP liaison Vicente Paco reported on significant cases that Ajo Station agents
were recently involved in as well as providing end-of-year statistics from
Tucson Sector and from Ajo Station. He mentioned that Ajo Station always leads
the Sector in marijuana seizures. He also discussed a USBP Border Safety
Initiative, rescue beacons, and community outreach programs.

Sue Walter of Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument talked about a proposal to
increase park entry fees and camping fees, which, she noted, have not been
raised since 2005. Walter pointed out that 100% of fees collected at Organ Pipe
stay at the monument and are used to benefit visitors with facility maintenance
and other improvements, such as the recent installation of ADA-accessible
walkways to picnic areas. She said Organ Pipe is seeking input from the public
regarding the proposed fee hike and also wants the public's ideas on how the
funds should be used. "It's your park," she said. The monument may be contacted
at 387-6849 for details on how to offer comment. Responding to a question,
Walter said the monument is at the end of a long power line so there are no RV
hookups there.

Ajo Rocks! founder Freeman Fry said his organization is working on its
seventeenth building as part of its beautification effort, and someone walked up
and asked what they were doing. He said the local newspaper needs to get
involved with what his group is doing to help spread the word. He added that
Lamar Welker donated the lumber for the current project and there is ample paint
and labor available.

Daniel Tylutki, community and rural development program manager with Pima County
Community Development & Neighborhood Conservation, gave a review of the Block
Grant program for small rural communities such as Ajo. He covered briefly how
CDBG funds are used and cited examples of the Curley School restoration and a
structure demolition project.

Applications for CDBG funds are now done online, according to Tylutki. He said
pre-applications are due Friday, January 23. The pre-application determines how
much money is being requested by an organization and for what purpose, along
with uploading pertinent documents about the organization, after which the
county decides if the organization is eligible for the grant program.To apply
for CDBG, visit http://webcms. pima.govlcms/one.aspx?portalid=169&pageid=24903
online. Tylutki said it is also possible to call the community development
department at 520-724-3777 and ask for someone to "walk you through it." After
the WPCCC meeting, Tylutki met with representatives of four local organizations
to discuss CDBG possibilities.

Karen McDonald, program coordinator with PCNRPR, reported on parks & recreation
news. She said the local PCNRPR is looking to partner with a community
non-profit to apply for funds for dugouts for the baseball field. She discussed
a high school mentorship program that introduces a number of students to a
variety of career paths and encourages them to appreciate that training and
education is needed to achieve a job and a skill. Initially the program will
focus on skills employed at parks & recreation but will expand to cover many
professions within the Ajo community. She said it may encourage students to
return to Ajo after college.

Many of the above items will be topics of expanded articles in future issues.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AJO

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 Ajo Copper News


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 23, 1996

NBA Lead Lender to AK Natives

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: Anchorage, AK


National Bank of Alaska here has taken the lead among lenders in the state
making mortgages to Native Alaskans.

Lucille Stietz, senior vice president of mortgage lending, detailed for this
publication four separate Native mortgage initiatives it has participated in.
The bank services nearly $ 20 million in loans made predominantly to Natives.

NBA has made 45 mortgages at an average size of $ 80-$ 90,000 to borrowers at
the Cook Inlet Housing Authority, also here.  Cook Inlet received a grant from
the Department of Housing and Urban Development of $ 1.4 million for downpayment
and closing cost money on 80% LTV mortgages.

The bank's 45 loans represent more than half of the 86 home loans made under the
program so far, for a total of $ 7.6 million.  NBA services the loans for the
Alaska Housing Finance Corp.

Cook Inlet's service area is basically the urban areas of Anchorage, although
the program will be expanded to the nearby Kenai Peninsula.

NBA also has been the lead lender in Alaska in the HUD section 184 Indian
mortgage guarantee program.  It has made half the 46 HUD 184s done in the state,
for a volume of some $ 3.7 million, Ms. Stietz said.  NBA has sold the loans
both to AHFC and to Fannie Mae, which has begun buying them in the state.

The bank also has participated in two programs with Tagiugmiullu Nunamiullu
Housing Authority, which is based in Barrow on Alaska's North Slope and which
serves Inupiat Eskimos.

In one, it services 53 village mortgages at $ 130,000-$ 140,000 per loan for a
total of some $ 6.5 million.  TNHA was the originator of the loans.

In the other, it uses TNHA as a loan correspondent.  Twenty-one mortgages, for a
total of $ 3.5 million, are in process in this program.

NBA through its community development department also promotes affordable
housing in rural Alaska.  Janie Leask, vice president, community development,
noted that HUD funding has diminished in rural Alaska, where there is a need for
8,000 additional housing units.  She recently organized a rural housing meeting
which brought together people from HUD, AHFC and many other housing-related
groups.

LOAD-DATE: October 07, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Lucille Stietz

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Time

                              July 25, 2014 Friday
                                 Ararat Edition

New community grants program

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1083 words


ARARAT Rural City Council has reviewed its Community Grants Program and will
provide $195,000 to community groups in the coming year to assist with events,
community support and sponsorship.

The changes to the Community Grants Program involve the introduction of a
$95,000 Events Support Program, $90,000 Community Support Grants Program (in
three rounds of $30,000 annually) and the $10,000 Sponsorship Program.

Council's community development and client services coordinator Robyn Hemley
said the review was undertaken after Council made a decision to support the
variety of larger events held in the municipality, with the aim of making them
more sustainable, while also supporting community groups through the community
grant component of the program and making it easier for community groups to
apply for grants.

"We decided to look at events and how council can support these events and make
them more sustainable," she said.

"We will be looking at it this year to see how it goes, but hopefully it will
make things easier for people (to apply)."

The Events Support Program will see $95,000 allocated annually to a number of
events, festivals and programs, with applications to be submitted through the
events development officer Belinda Jones.

In 2014/2015 the events to be supported include:

Jailhouse Rock Festival - $10,000: This event is currently seen as the major
event in Ararat. It provides economic benefit on an annual basis. The festival
attracts visitation from outside the region with an average two night stay
annually.

Lake Bolac Eel Festival - $2,500: Discussions are taking place for this event to
take place on a biennial basis (once every two years) to reduce the burden on
volunteer event managers. This event will require additional support from
Council to assist the

committee.

Ararat and Willaura Cups - $4,000 ($2,000 each event): This allocation already
exists in the budget and is intended to support both Ararat and Willaura Cup
racing days. These events appear to be delivering a significant economic benefit
to Ararat Rural City.

Willaura Farm to Pub - $2,500: This event complements the Ararat Active City
offering. It has a new committee who are interested in increasing participation.
This is an event that can be improved to attract overnight visitation.

Carols by Candlelight - $5,000: This will provide fireworks for the event on an
annual basis.

New event development - $10,000: Research is underway to identify appropriate
new events which will complement Ararat Rural City Council's existing event
offering. This will assist in further developing events which will provide
positive economic impact.

Markets - $10,000 ($2,000 each): There are existing markets in Pomonal, Moyston,
Willaura, Elmhurst and Ararat. This item is intended to continue to support
these events to improve their impact and sustainability.

Ararat Active City festival/events - $ 20,000: This is a proposed new festival
to be held annually incorporating existing and new cycling, running, and other
events promoting increased physical activity which also utilize active
infrastructure including

walking paths. Ararat Active City Festival will promote the benefits of an
Active Lifestyle, Community, Economy and Environment to people living in and
visiting Ararat Rural City.

Ararat Active community initiatives - $ 6,000: This item will be available to
community group or committees who would like support and assistance to run their
own event which strives to promote physical activity and wellbeing in the Ararat
Rural City

municipality.

Other events - $10,000 (maximum $500 per event): This area will support existing
and new events to continue to provide positive community benefit to people
living in the Ararat Rural City municipality.

Insurance for events - $15,000: A number of small community run events are held
within the municipality. This financial support is to assist groups to purchase
insurance for the event.

For the Community Support Grants Program, the total annual budget is $90,000,
with $30,000 to be allocated three times each year.

Assessment will be carried out by a cross council assessment team and
recommendations for grant allocations will be made to council at the July,
November and March meetings.

Successful applicants will be invited to attend one of three annual cheque
presentations ceremonies.

Community Support Grants will be categorised under Council's four pillars:
Infrastructure (Environment), Economy, Community and Lifestyle.

Up to $30,000 will be allocated per round as follows:

Infrastructure (Environment): Includes buildings, facilities, equipment and
environmentally sustainable infrastructure projects - $20,000 per round ($60,000
per annum).

Economy: Includes activities which have an economic benefit to Ararat Rural
City, (excludes tourism/events), for example digital connectivity and growth
planning, land and transport - $2,500 per round ($7,500 per annum).

Community: Includes community development, health and wellbeing, sport and
recreation, community safety - $5,000 per round ($15,000 per annum).

Lifestyle: Includes heritage/historical projects, arts and culture, regional
living and multiculturalism - $2,500 per round ($7,500 per annum).

Applicants for the Community Support Grant will only be required to provide
matching 1:1 money in the Infrastructure (Environment) category and an aquittal
process will still need to be followed.

The remaining categories will not require matching funds, but recipients will
need to provide a full project report and well as financial evidence of their
project. The Economy, Community and Lifestyle one-off grants are available up to
a maximum of $1,000 maximum.

The annual budget for the Sponsorship Program will be $10,000 and will be
available for a maximum of $500.

Community groups must apply in writing to Council addressed to the chief
executive officer. A report will be presented to Council and individual
decisions based on Council's level of support for the proposed project or
fundraising effort will be made.

This program acknowledges that from time to time community groups seek
sponsorship support from Council both for in kind activity such as the hiring of
the Performing Arts Centre and for cash contributions to fund raising
activities. This program enables Council to decide to assist a group as they
deem appropriate.

No activity in any of the grant programs will be funded retrospectively and any
activity that has commenced or is already completed will not be eligible for
financial support.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Time

                              July 25, 2014 Friday
                                 Ararat Edition

New community grants program

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1083 words


ARARAT Rural City Council has reviewed its Community Grants Program and will
provide $195,000 to community groups in the coming year to assist with events,
community support and sponsorship.

The changes to the Community Grants Program involve the introduction of a
$95,000 Events Support Program, $90,000 Community Support Grants Program (in
three rounds of $30,000 annually) and the $10,000 Sponsorship Program.

Council's community development and client services coordinator Robyn Hemley
said the review was undertaken after Council made a decision to support the
variety of larger events held in the municipality, with the aim of making them
more sustainable, while also supporting community groups through the community
grant component of the program and making it easier for community groups to
apply for grants.

"We decided to look at events and how council can support these events and make
them more sustainable," she said.

"We will be looking at it this year to see how it goes, but hopefully it will
make things easier for people (to apply)."

The Events Support Program will see $95,000 allocated annually to a number of
events, festivals and programs, with applications to be submitted through the
events development officer Belinda Jones.

In 2014/2015 the events to be supported include:

Jailhouse Rock Festival - $10,000: This event is currently seen as the major
event in Ararat. It provides economic benefit on an annual basis. The festival
attracts visitation from outside the region with an average two night stay
annually.

Lake Bolac Eel Festival - $2,500: Discussions are taking place for this event to
take place on a biennial basis (once every two years) to reduce the burden on
volunteer event managers. This event will require additional support from
Council to assist the

committee.

Ararat and Willaura Cups - $4,000 ($2,000 each event): This allocation already
exists in the budget and is intended to support both Ararat and Willaura Cup
racing days. These events appear to be delivering a significant economic benefit
to Ararat Rural City.

Willaura Farm to Pub - $2,500: This event complements the Ararat Active City
offering. It has a new committee who are interested in increasing participation.
This is an event that can be improved to attract overnight visitation.

Carols by Candlelight - $5,000: This will provide fireworks for the event on an
annual basis.

New event development - $10,000: Research is underway to identify appropriate
new events which will complement Ararat Rural City Council's existing event
offering. This will assist in further developing events which will provide
positive economic impact.

Markets - $10,000 ($2,000 each): There are existing markets in Pomonal, Moyston,
Willaura, Elmhurst and Ararat. This item is intended to continue to support
these events to improve their impact and sustainability.

Ararat Active City festival/events - $ 20,000: This is a proposed new festival
to be held annually incorporating existing and new cycling, running, and other
events promoting increased physical activity which also utilize active
infrastructure including

walking paths. Ararat Active City Festival will promote the benefits of an
Active Lifestyle, Community, Economy and Environment to people living in and
visiting Ararat Rural City.

Ararat Active community initiatives - $ 6,000: This item will be available to
community group or committees who would like support and assistance to run their
own event which strives to promote physical activity and wellbeing in the Ararat
Rural City

municipality.

Other events - $10,000 (maximum $500 per event): This area will support existing
and new events to continue to provide positive community benefit to people
living in the Ararat Rural City municipality.

Insurance for events - $15,000: A number of small community run events are held
within the municipality. This financial support is to assist groups to purchase
insurance for the event.

For the Community Support Grants Program, the total annual budget is $90,000,
with $30,000 to be allocated three times each year.

Assessment will be carried out by a cross council assessment team and
recommendations for grant allocations will be made to council at the July,
November and March meetings.

Successful applicants will be invited to attend one of three annual cheque
presentations ceremonies.

Community Support Grants will be categorised under Council's four pillars:
Infrastructure (Environment), Economy, Community and Lifestyle.

Up to $30,000 will be allocated per round as follows:

Infrastructure (Environment): Includes buildings, facilities, equipment and
environmentally sustainable infrastructure projects - $20,000 per round ($60,000
per annum).

Economy: Includes activities which have an economic benefit to Ararat Rural
City, (excludes tourism/events), for example digital connectivity and growth
planning, land and transport - $2,500 per round ($7,500 per annum).

Community: Includes community development, health and wellbeing, sport and
recreation, community safety - $5,000 per round ($15,000 per annum).

Lifestyle: Includes heritage/historical projects, arts and culture, regional
living and multiculturalism - $2,500 per round ($7,500 per annum).

Applicants for the Community Support Grant will only be required to provide
matching 1:1 money in the Infrastructure (Environment) category and an aquittal
process will still need to be followed.

The remaining categories will not require matching funds, but recipients will
need to provide a full project report and well as financial evidence of their
project. The Economy, Community and Lifestyle one-off grants are available up to
a maximum of $1,000 maximum.

The annual budget for the Sponsorship Program will be $10,000 and will be
available for a maximum of $500.

Community groups must apply in writing to Council addressed to the chief
executive officer. A report will be presented to Council and individual
decisions based on Council's level of support for the proposed project or
fundraising effort will be made.

This program acknowledges that from time to time community groups seek
sponsorship support from Council both for in kind activity such as the hiring of
the Performing Arts Centre and for cash contributions to fund raising
activities. This program enables Council to decide to assist a group as they
deem appropriate.

No activity in any of the grant programs will be funded retrospectively and any
activity that has commenced or is already completed will not be eligible for
financial support.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Wellington Weekly News

                           February 1, 2006 Wednesday

Village's new post office opens today

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 463 words


The new Stawley shop and post office opened "unofficially" on Monday.

The grand opening is not until February 18, but James and Sherie Corry have been
serving milk and newspapers since the start of the week and from today they will
be opening their post office counter.

"We're very excited, " Sherie told the WWN on Friday as builders were still
putting the finishing touches to the former pottery store next to Stawley
Primary School.

"Our predecessors, Peggy and Bill Wotton, will be hard act to follow. They have
really held the whole thing together for the past few years."

The grand opening of the store will be a happy conclusion to a project that has
been running for several years. The Stawley Rural Community Initiative initially
set its sights on a computer suite for the school but, having achieved that,
turned its gaze to a bigger scheme to open a post office and store.

The shop replaces Greenham Post Office, the owners of which, Mr and Mrs Wotton,
tendered their resignation to the Post Office three years ago but agreed to hang
on until the new shop could be opened.

Nearly all the £122,000 cost of the project has been raised thanks to the hard
work of local people, in particular community development worker Keeley Rudd.

"I'm delighted. It is so hard to believe that it's finally ready, " she told the
WWN.

"I've been working on this for two years but people before me had been working
on ideas for years, too."

But while the end may be in sight, there is still some way to go with the
project. Owing to additional work required to make the premises comply with
current building regulations, the project has gone over budget.

Keeley said: "With an older building it is often not until building work has
begun that the full scale of the work required becomes apparent."

The group is now waiting to hear from the builders to find out exactly how much
it has overspent, but it hopes a grant application due to be submitted shortly
should come up with the cash.

County councillor Caroline Smeaton has also done what she can, presenting the
initiative group with a cheque for £800 from her community budget - our picture,
left, shows Peggy Wooton receiving the money on behalf of the group.

A keen supporter of the project, Cllr Smeaton donated £400 last year and, at the
request of Stawley and Ashbrittle parish councils, has given cash she had set
aside for those two villages this year to the shop.

In the meantime, the Corrys are hard at work getting everything ready in time
for the grand opening on February 18.

"The shop is a bit bigger than the old one, so we hope to stock a wider
selection of food, " said Sherie.

"We'll have the essentials, bread, milk and newspapers, as well as fresh fruit
and veg, a wider dairy selection and, from February 18, freshly baked bread."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Wellington Weekly News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Port Lincoln Times

                             March 6, 2012 Tuesday

Charity house nears completion

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 229 words


THE Eyre Peninsula Community Foundation charity house is nearing completion.

The proceeds from the sale of the house at 10 Windamere Crescent, Lincoln Cove
will be placed into the foundation's funds and invested, with money earned to
filter back into local communities through grants.

A grant allocation process will start this year to support a wide range of local
initiatives, from infrastructure, economic and community development, health,
education and social services to the environment, arts and culture.

The foundation's fundraising and marketing coordinator Faye Davis said the house
would go up for auction by Kemp Real Estate in the near future.

"The building of a charity house is a first for the Eyre Peninsula Community
Foundation, and we hope to build other charity homes in other locations in years
to come."

The major sponsors of the "Live your dream at the Port Lincoln marina" charity
house are Keith Daniels Homes and the Sarin Property Group, with building
industry suppliers and contractors investing materials, time and money into the
project.

Town and Rural Fencing Services' Phil and Jill Borlase and Duralok PVC Fencing
co-owner Paul Felt donated and installed the innovative boundary fencing, which
never requires repainting, with Mr Felt travelling to Port Lincoln from Western
Australia to see the charity house.

Landscaping will begin in coming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHARITY HOUSE: Keith Daniels Homes selection consultant Janine Woods,
Town and Rural Fencing Services' Phil and Jill Borlase, Keith Daniels Homes
sales consultant Jodie Turner, Town and Rural Fencing's Hayden Edwards, Duralok
PVC Fencing co-owner Paul Felt and Keith Daniels Homes site manager Chris
Vorstenbosch at the community foundations charity house.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 25, 1983, Friday, Final Edition

Reagan Sends Block Grants Plan to Hill

BYLINE: By Juan Williams, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 506 words


President Reagan sent a scaled-down block grants program to Congress yesterday
after telling a group of state and local officials at the White House that this
latest "New Federalism" plan is not a scheme to reduce federal aid to their
governments while foisting responsibility for expensive programs on them.

Last year the president proposed putting several federally supported programs
into a $47 billion plan that would have reduced federal aid to state and local
governments by 25 percent. The plan was strongly criticized by local officials
and members of Congress who complained that it gave authority over programs to
local governments without providing sufficient funds.

"I'm pleased to tell you that . . . today we're transmitting to Congress our
revised federalism initiative which incorporates four major megablock grants to
state and local governments," Reagan told elected officials from seven southern
states at a briefing on the plan.

"These legislative proposals represent a continuation and expansion of our
efforts to return authority, responsibility and revenue resources to state and
local governments."

Energy Secretary Donald P. Hodel also told the president that, despite consumer
anger over higher bills, there is enough support in Congress for the
administration to try removing price controls on natural gas.

Response from key congressmen is "generally favorable," Hodel told the president
at a meeting of the Cabinet Council on Natural Resources.

The president said that the revised block grants plan was drafted with the help
of state and local officials and will guarantee "funding for the programs at
levels enacted for fiscal 1984. And it is not a vehicle for budgetary savings."

The plan proposed by Reagan includes only $21 billion in programs compared with
the $47 billion program he proposed last year. Under that plan the federal
government would have assumed Medicaid costs while the states picked up the cost
and operation of welfare and food stamp programs.

The revised proposal sent to the Congress yesterday has four segments:

* A state block grant of $11 billion a year for 22 social services, health,
education and community services programs.

* A local block grant of $7 billion which combines the revenue sharing program
and parts of the community development block grant.

* A transportation block grant of $2 billion for states to consolidate six
highway programs in urban and rural areas plus bridge repair programs.

* And an $850 million rural housing block grant to states for four programs for
low-income rural housing construction and repair.

In 1981 Reagan won approval for a program to consolidate 57 categorical grants
into nine programs. In 1982 Congress approved an urban mass transit block grant
and a job training block grant.

The current proposal restricts options of local governments in how they can
spend funds from the block grants until 1988. Then they would be free to use the
money for whatever they decide is the greatest need in their area.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, President Reagan speaks to state and local officials as Vice
President Bush watches. By Harry Naltchayan -- The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Wayne County Outlook (Monticello, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Celebration held for completion of new water treatment plan

BYLINE: Melodie Phelps, The Wayne County Outlook, Monticello, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


Oct. 07--Local, state and federal officials joined together on Thursday,

October 2 to celebrate the completion of the new water treatment

plant on KY 1275 at Mill Springs. An official ribbon cutting was held

at the new facility, which is located just across the road from the

old water plant.

"This is a good day for Monticello and Wayne County," said Mayor

Jeffrey Edwards, who greeted the crowd at the ceremony. "This project will help
the community for many years to come."

The new plant, which includes state-of-the-art technology, increases the water
capacity from three million gallons per day to four and a

half million gallons a day, according to Kellie Gillespie, president

of Bell Engineering, who was among officials at the ceremony.

Gillespie noted that the maximum capacity can easily be expanded at

this new facility to produce six million gallons per day.

"This will allow for future growth in the community as well as

industrial and commercial expansion," stated Gillespie. "It's  a

successful project. It's a project you can be proud of and we can be

proud of."

The project began in the planning stages in May 2009. Bids were

awarded in August 2012, and Gillespie noted that on August 18 the

facility began to produce water. The new water plant uses brand new

GE membrane technology, which is only being used at six locations in

the state of Kentucky right now.

Monticello Utility Commissioner Gene Jones expressed his

appreciation for all the work put into the project over the past few

years. He noted that is very gratifying to be using this new facility

after working for years to try to keep repairs made at the older plant.

"This means a lot to us," said Jones, as he stood outside the new

water plant.

The total cost of the project was $13.37 million, which included a

combination of grants and loans. Funding included a $1 million

Community Development Block Grant and a $500,000 grant from the

Appalachian Regional Commission, both administered through the state of
Kentucky.

The project was awarded $11.87 million in loan and grant funds

through Rural Development's Water and Environmental Program.

"Rural Development's support and assistance for infrastructure

projects is indicative of USDA's commitment to ensuring rural

communities can create jobs, attract businesses and provide essential

services to their residents," said Thomas G. Fern, State Director for

Rural Development. "Monticello officials are to be applauded for

taking the initiative to ensure they can provide adequate water

service to its many customers in Wayne County, while also planning

for their future needs and enhancing their opportunities for economic

development."

___ (c)2014 The Wayne County Outlook (Monticello, Ky.) Visit The Wayne County
Outlook (Monticello, Ky.) at www.wcoutlook.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141007-OZ-Celebration-held-for-completion-of-new-water-treatment-plan-20141007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OZ


                    Copyright 2014 The Wayne County Outlook


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Nonprofit news and notes

BYLINE: Brattleboro Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 754 words


'Summer camp' set for non-profit professionals

BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The third annual Nonprofit Management Summer Camp is a
retreat for nonprofit professionals in southern Vermont.

Participants have the opportunity to take two workshops focused on the
competencies of their choice. Workshops are tool-based, out-of-your-seat
sessions, that encourage participation, connection, and fun.

Summer Camp is an inexpensive way to receive the training you need in an amount
of time you can work with. There will be two two-hour sessions, one in the
morning and one in the early afternoon, interlaced with networking, fun events
and lunch.

This year's workshops include: Using LinkedIn to promote your personal brand
with Kate Paine; time management with Claire Wheeler; the role of trust and
shared leadership for collective impact with Jodi Clark; clarifying your top
values and life vision with Travis Hellstrom; storytelling and presentation
skills with Hillary Boon; and what I wish I'd known: planning the best Giving
Tuesday yet with Debra Askanase.

This year's Summer Camp is on Friday, July 29, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., at the
Marlboro Graduate Center, 28 Vernon St. To register for Summer Camp, visit
http://bit.ly/CNLSummerCamp or contact Assistant Director Hillary Orsini with
questions at CNL@marlboro.edu.Local organizations receive USDA grants

BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The Strolling of the Heifers and the Putney Community
Center were recently notified that they are receiving funds from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture as part of $8 million in direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant funding to 19 essential community anchor organizations in Vermont.

"These loans and grants will help towns and non-profit organizations provide
essential community services, including emergency medical services, education,
and public works," said Vermont and New Hampshire USDA Rural Development State
Director Ted Brady. "The investments vary from multi-million dollar modern wood
heat systems to a few thousand dollars to help a small library install new
insulation. The essential community facilities receiving funding this year will
help make rural Vermont a safer, more sustainable and more vibrant place to live
and work."

The Strolling of the Heifers received a $4,800 Strategic Economic and Community
Development grant and a $12,200 Economic Impact Initiative grant to outfit a
training kitchen. The Putney Community Center received a $31,000 loan to
insulate its building.

"These grants and loans are critical to our rural communities, which may not
otherwise be able to fund projects that are so vital to their residents," said
U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy, D-Vt. "In Poultney, the public library will undergo
a much-needed expansion that will include new space dedicated for teenagers. In
Richford, ambulances will be equipped with the latest in life-saving technology,
while Brighton will be able to purchase a much-needed dump truck. These are just
a few examples of how this program meets community needs. I commend USDA Rural
Development and all of the partners involved, and I pledge to do all that I can
in Washington to ensure continued support for these efforts."

"So far this year, the USDA Rural Development Community Facilities Loan and
Grant program has awarded $8 million to strengthen rural communities throughout
Vermont by helping improve assisted living facilities, libraries, schools and
other public facilities," said U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.). "At a time
when many families throughout Vermont struggle to make ends meet, these loans
and grants provide an economic stimulus to local economies and help improve the
quality of life for Vermonters."Spring and summer events at the Vernon Free
Library

VERNON &GT;&GT; The Vernon Free Library is busy planning spring and summer
events, including the first annual plant swap and sale on June 4 from 9 a.m to
noon, and the summer reading program for children and adults. Regular programs
include basic computer classes, knitting group, reading group and rhyme time,
with additional events anticipated.

A fund-raising committee has recently been formed. Committee members will plan
events that will further enrich the Vernon community.

The Vernon Free Library served 1,200-plus registered patrons (46 percent of
Vernon's residents) in 2015. There were 10,588 items borrowed from a collection
of approximately 17,600 print items (books, magazines, ect.), 664 DVDs, 361
audio books and access through ListenUp VT to another 6,000 downloadable audio
books and 4,000 e-books.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Minnesota: DEED Awards Grants to Assist Emerging Businesses

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Dapertment of employment and economic development, Minnisota
has issued the foallowing news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED) has
awarded two-year grants totaling $2.7 million to 11 nonprofit organizations that
provide services and technical assistance to emerging businesses and
entrepreneurs in Minnesota.





 The Business and Community Development Competitive Grant Program, funding for
which was approved during the 2015 legislative session, is used to support
nonprofit organizations that provide business assistance to targeted groups,
including women, minorities, rural residents, innovative startups, entrepreneurs
and inventors.



 &ldquo;These nonprofit organizations help businesses start and survive during
the early stages of the business development,&rdquo; said DEED Commissioner
Katie Clark Sieben. &ldquo;About 2,000 small businesses and entrepreneurial
ventures a year have received support from this grant program during its
three-year history.&rdquo;



 The following groups were awarded funding:



 African Development Center, Minneapolis, $96,000 - The group provides training,
lending and technical assistance to help African immigrants and refugees achieve
economic prosperity in Minnesota.



 Entrepreneur Fund, Duluth, $404,000 - The group helps people in Northeast
Minnesota start and grow successful, locally owned small businesses.



 Metropolitan Consortium of Community Developers, Minneapolis, $246,000 - The
consortium is an association of community development groups that focus on
housing and economic development initiatives.



 Metropolitan Economic Development Association, Minneapolis, $420,000 - The
group provides assistance to businesses owned and managed by entrepreneurs of
color.



 Minnesota State University Small Business Development Center, Mankato, $246,000
- The center provides programs and services for small businesses and
entrepreneurs in the Mankato area.



 Neighborhood Development Center, St. Paul, $420,000 - The center offers
small-business training and consultation in low-income neighborhoods.



 Northside Economic Opportunity Network, Minneapolis, $84,000 - The goal of this
group is to expand economic opportunities and build wealth for north Minneapolis
residents through the creation, growth and development of small businesses.



 Red Lake Band of the Chippewa Indians Entrepreneur Development Program, Red
Lake, $100,000 - This group will assist individual entrepreneur to establish and
grow new business in the Red Lake Nation.



 Southwest State University Small Business Development Center, Marshall, $90,000
- The center provides programs and services for small businesses and
entrepreneurs in the Marshall area.



 WomenVenture, St. Paul, $240,000 - WomenVenture helps women entrepreneurs,
low-income entrepreneurs and women-owned businesses to develop and expand
businesses and create jobs.



 Enterprise Minnesota, Minneapolis, $366,000 - Enterprise Minnesota provides
consulting services to meet the needs of manufacturers.



 DEED is the state's principal economic development agency, promoting business
recruitment, expansion and retention, workforce development, international trade
and community development





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com











LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Minnesota: DEED Awards Grants to Assist Emerging Businesses

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Dapertment of employment and economic development, Minnisota
has issued the foallowing news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED) has
awarded two-year grants totaling $2.7 million to 11 nonprofit organizations that
provide services and technical assistance to emerging businesses and
entrepreneurs in Minnesota.





 The Business and Community Development Competitive Grant Program, funding for
which was approved during the 2015 legislative session, is used to support
nonprofit organizations that provide business assistance to targeted groups,
including women, minorities, rural residents, innovative startups, entrepreneurs
and inventors.



 &ldquo;These nonprofit organizations help businesses start and survive during
the early stages of the business development,&rdquo; said DEED Commissioner
Katie Clark Sieben. &ldquo;About 2,000 small businesses and entrepreneurial
ventures a year have received support from this grant program during its
three-year history.&rdquo;



 The following groups were awarded funding:



 African Development Center, Minneapolis, $96,000 - The group provides training,
lending and technical assistance to help African immigrants and refugees achieve
economic prosperity in Minnesota.



 Entrepreneur Fund, Duluth, $404,000 - The group helps people in Northeast
Minnesota start and grow successful, locally owned small businesses.



 Metropolitan Consortium of Community Developers, Minneapolis, $246,000 - The
consortium is an association of community development groups that focus on
housing and economic development initiatives.



 Metropolitan Economic Development Association, Minneapolis, $420,000 - The
group provides assistance to businesses owned and managed by entrepreneurs of
color.



 Minnesota State University Small Business Development Center, Mankato, $246,000
- The center provides programs and services for small businesses and
entrepreneurs in the Mankato area.



 Neighborhood Development Center, St. Paul, $420,000 - The center offers
small-business training and consultation in low-income neighborhoods.



 Northside Economic Opportunity Network, Minneapolis, $84,000 - The goal of this
group is to expand economic opportunities and build wealth for north Minneapolis
residents through the creation, growth and development of small businesses.



 Red Lake Band of the Chippewa Indians Entrepreneur Development Program, Red
Lake, $100,000 - This group will assist individual entrepreneur to establish and
grow new business in the Red Lake Nation.



 Southwest State University Small Business Development Center, Marshall, $90,000
- The center provides programs and services for small businesses and
entrepreneurs in the Marshall area.



 WomenVenture, St. Paul, $240,000 - WomenVenture helps women entrepreneurs,
low-income entrepreneurs and women-owned businesses to develop and expand
businesses and create jobs.



 Enterprise Minnesota, Minneapolis, $366,000 - Enterprise Minnesota provides
consulting services to meet the needs of manufacturers.



 DEED is the state's principal economic development agency, promoting business
recruitment, expansion and retention, workforce development, international trade
and community development.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com











LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Minnesota: DEED Awards Grants to Assist Emerging Businesses

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Dapertment of employment and economic development, Minnisota
has issued the foallowing news release:



 The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED) has
awarded two-year grants totaling $2.7 million to 11 nonprofit organizations that
provide services and technical assistance to emerging businesses and
entrepreneurs in Minnesota.





 The Business and Community Development Competitive Grant Program, funding for
which was approved during the 2015 legislative session, is used to support
nonprofit organizations that provide business assistance to targeted groups,
including women, minorities, rural residents, innovative startups, entrepreneurs
and inventors.



 &ldquo;These nonprofit organizations help businesses start and survive during
the early stages of the business development,&rdquo; said DEED Commissioner
Katie Clark Sieben. &ldquo;About 2,000 small businesses and entrepreneurial
ventures a year have received support from this grant program during its
three-year history.&rdquo;



 The following groups were awarded funding:



 African Development Center, Minneapolis, $96,000 - The group provides training,
lending and technical assistance to help African immigrants and refugees achieve
economic prosperity in Minnesota.



 Entrepreneur Fund, Duluth, $404,000 - The group helps people in Northeast
Minnesota start and grow successful, locally owned small businesses.



 Metropolitan Consortium of Community Developers, Minneapolis, $246,000 - The
consortium is an association of community development groups that focus on
housing and economic development initiatives.



 Metropolitan Economic Development Association, Minneapolis, $420,000 - The
group provides assistance to businesses owned and managed by entrepreneurs of
color.



 Minnesota State University Small Business Development Center, Mankato, $246,000
- The center provides programs and services for small businesses and
entrepreneurs in the Mankato area.



 Neighborhood Development Center, St. Paul, $420,000 - The center offers
small-business training and consultation in low-income neighborhoods.



 Northside Economic Opportunity Network, Minneapolis, $84,000 - The goal of this
group is to expand economic opportunities and build wealth for north Minneapolis
residents through the creation, growth and development of small businesses.



 Red Lake Band of the Chippewa Indians Entrepreneur Development Program, Red
Lake, $100,000 - This group will assist individual entrepreneur to establish and
grow new business in the Red Lake Nation.



 Southwest State University Small Business Development Center, Marshall, $90,000
- The center provides programs and services for small businesses and
entrepreneurs in the Marshall area.



 WomenVenture, St. Paul, $240,000 - WomenVenture helps women entrepreneurs,
low-income entrepreneurs and women-owned businesses to develop and expand
businesses and create jobs.



 Enterprise Minnesota, Minneapolis, $366,000 - Enterprise Minnesota provides
consulting services to meet the needs of manufacturers.



 DEED is the state's principal economic development agency, promoting business
recruitment, expansion and retention, workforce development, international trade
and community development.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com











LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

Money briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 1075 words


COLUMN: Money briefs

Jobless rate falls

BOSTON - Massachusetts added 2,100 jobs in August and the unemployment rate
dropped to 8.8 percent, state officials said yesterday.

The Office of Labor and Workforce Development also revised upward the number of
jobs added in July to 15,200. The original estimate was 13,200 jobs.

The leisure and hospitality sector added 2,800 jobs while the professional,
scientific and business sectors added 2,700 jobs. Construction gained 1,600
jobs. Government lost 1,900 jobs while the manufacturing sector shed 1,600 jobs.

MassWorks formed

WORCESTER - The state is consolidating six grant programs for cities and towns
under a new entity, the MassWorks Infrastructure Program.

The effort is aimed at streamlining state resources, the state said. Lt. Gov.
Timothy P. Murray announced the program yesterday at a Worcester Regional
Chamber of Commerce breakfast.

The six grant programs involved are the Public Works Economic Development, the
Community Development Action Grant Program, the Growth District Initiative, the
Massachusetts Opportunity Relocation and Expansion Program, the Small Town Rural
Assistance Program and the Transit Oriented Development Grant Program.

The programs provide grants to help fund sewers, roads, pedestrian walkways,
water treatment systems and other improvements. The state said that under the
new MassWorks Infrastructure Program, communities will have a single application
and set of rules for all the grants, and the state will be better able to
prioritize projects that are ready to go.

Focus on tax rates

BOSTON - A majority of Massachusetts business and technology leaders surveyed
said taxes are the most important factor in determining if a state has a
competitive business climate, and 40 percent said the state's business climate
is worsening, according to the Massachusetts High Technology Council and the
Pioneer Institute, a think tank.

The annual survey of about 40 chief executives also found that chief executives
consider the corporate income tax the most important aspect of state tax policy,
followed by the personal income tax rate, research and development tax credits,
unemployment insurance taxes and the investment tax credit.

About 56 percent of executives surveyed said the state's tax climate is less
positive than other states, the organizations reported. "The state's
policymakers must carefully examine how public policy affects business costs and
ensure that Massachusetts is competing in all possible areas," Steve Poftak,
Pioneer Institute director of research, wrote in a policy paper. "To be
effective, Massachusetts policymakers must avoid splashy, high profile efforts
to attract marquee firms or sectors and focus instead on improving the
foundation for our entire tech-based innovation economy to better position
Massachusetts as a place where innovators want to work, entrepreneurs want to
start companies, and employers want to grow their businesses."

Summit on benefits

WORCESTER - Commerce Bank's Royal 50's Club will hold a health care summit Sept.
29 on how the nation's health reform law will affect Medicare health and
prescription drug benefits, as well as management of chronic health conditions.

The free event will be held from 5 to 7:30 p.m. at Elder Services of Worcester
Area, 411 Chandler St.

Scheduled speakers include Theresa Eckstrom, director of programs and community
relations at Elder Services of Worcester Area, and Gregory W. Mills, public
affairs specialist with the Social Security Administration.

To RSVP or obtain information, call Eileen Lessard at (508) 459-4126 or e-mail
elessard@bankatcommerce.com

Abbot dividend

ABBOTT PARK, Ill. - Abbott Laboratories said yesterday it will pay a quarterly
dividend of 44 cents per share to holders of common stock.

The dividend is payable Nov. 15 to shareholders of record as of Oct. 15. Abbott,
a pharmaceutical company, is the parent of Abbott Bioresearch Center of
Worcester.

Starrett change

ATHOL - L.S. Starrett Co., a maker of precision tools and instruments, said it
has changed the date of its annual meeting to Oct. 20 from Oct. 13. The meeting
will be held at 2 p.m. at the company's offices at 121 Crescent St.

Unum senior notes

CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. - Employee benefits and disability insurance provider Unum
Group has completed an offering of $400 million in senior notes.

The 10-year notes were issued Wednesday with an annual coupon rate of 5.625
percent. The proceeds will be used to repay senior notes due next March.

Morgan Stanley & Co. Inc., UBS Securities LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and
Wells Fargo Securities LLC were joint book-running managers.

Unum has operations in Worcester.

Delay for Schilling

PROVIDENCE - The closing date on a $75 million Rhode Island loan guarantee to
Curt Schilling's video game development company has been pushed back until
October.

The state is offering the loan guarantee to the former Red Sox pitcher's game
company, 38 Studios, to relocate it from Maynard, Mass., to Rhode Island. The
company says it will bring about 450 jobs to the state by the end of 2012.

The deal, which has been slammed by political candidates and others who fear it
puts taxpayer dollars at risk, was expected to close sometime this month. But
Robert Stolzman, a lawyer for the state Economic Development Corporation, said
Thursday the deal won't close until October.

Stolzman says the deal involves lots of details, and there's no one reason or
problem that has pushed back the closing date.

Pfizer loves pets

NEW YORK - Pfizer Inc., the world's biggest seller of drugs for people, now is
looking to make more bucks from Fido, Fifi and farm animals.

The company is developing drugs for new animal diseases, pushing into the
growing market for pet medicine in emerging markets and working with livestock
farmers to use its genetic tests to reduce costs and produce top-quality meat.

Despite that strategy, Pfizer will be bumped from its position as the top animal
health company by revenue when a planned joint venture of rivals gets approved
by regulators, probably early next year. Merck & Co. and Sanofi-Aventis SA are
combining their animal health businesses into what will be called
Merial-Intervet. It is expected to initially have about 28 percent of the $19
billion-a-year global animal health market.

Pfizer's president of animal health, Juan Ramon Alaix, is unfazed, saying his
unit will remain first in innovation, with a $300 million research budget.

From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BOSTON - Massachusetts added 2,100 jobs in August and the unemployment
rate dropped to 8.8 percent, state officials said yesterday. The Office of Labor
and Workforce Development also revised upward the number of jobs added in July
to 15,200. The original estimate was 13,200 jobs. The leisure and hospitality
sector added 2,800 jobs while the professional, scientific and business sectors
added 2,700 jobs. Construction gained 1,600 jobs. Government lost 1,900 jobs
while the manufacturing sector shed 1,600 jobs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Votes to Improve Federal Housing Programs

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Tulsi Gabbard has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (HI-02) voted in favor of H.R. 3700, the Housing
Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015.  The bill would enact incremental
changes at a number of federal housing programs, including public housing, the
Section 8 voucher program, the Federal Housing Administration, the Rural Housing
Service, and the McKinney-Vento homelessness assistance grants, among others.





 "Huge shortages of affordable housing nationwide, especially in states like
Hawai[#x2bb]i, make it increasingly difficult for families with limited
resources to find a safe place to live, to put food on the table, and to make
basic ends meet," said Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard.  "One result of this is
increasing numbers of homeless individuals and families.  H.R. 3700 will improve
our ability to better serve our most vulnerable populations, like the thousands
of homeless veterans living on our streets today, including close to 600 in
Hawai[#x2bb]i.  In addition, this legislation streamlines many of the
regulations that burden families in Hawai[#x2bb]i and across the country, and it
increases flexibility to empower state and local housing agencies and private
owners to develop new housing units and create new housing opportunities in
areas where vouchers are difficult to use.  This housing shortage is a crisis
that will require every level of government, the private sector, and community
taking action towards a solution."



 Background:



 H.R. 3700 passed unanimously today by a vote of 427-0 and will now move to the
Senate for consideration.



 Rep. Tulsi Gabbard is a co-sponsor of H.R. 1142, which would make permanent and
expand the temporary minimum credit rate for the low-income housing tax credit
program, and H.R.3110 to increase Low Income Housing Tax Credits for individuals
that have experienced a Federally Declared Natural Disaster. She has supported
federal funding for the HEARTH Act, Section 8 Housing Program, Continuum of Care
Program (CoC), Emergency Solutions Grants (ESG), HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive
Housing, Fair Housing Initiatives Program, Fair Housing Assistance Program,
Community Development Block Grant, HOME Investment Partnership Program, among
others.



 H.R. 3700 is supported by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, National
Low Income Housing Coalition, National Alliance to End Homelessness, National
Housing Law Project, National Leased Housing Association, National Association
of REALTORS, National Association of Home Builders, National Multifamily Housing
Council, Local Initiatives Support Corporation, National Association of Home
Builders, Stewards of Affordable Housing for the Future, National Housing Trust,
National Apartment Association, Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities
Housing Task Force, Council of Large Public Housing Authorities, CSH, Enterprise
Community Partners, Housing Partnership Network, LeadingAge, Low Income
Investment Fund, National Affordable Housing Management Association, National
Alliance on Mental Illness, National Association of Housing and Redevelopment
Officials, National Council of State Housing Agencies, Technical Assistance
Collaborative, Institute of Real Estate Management, Council for Affordable and
Rural Housing, National Association of Affordable Housing Lenders, National
Association of Housing Cooperatives, Heartland Alliance, among others.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Center for Regional Development gains five-year funding

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Bowling Green State University has issued the following news release:

 One of nine centers funded within the EDA Chicago region, BGSU and its longtime
partner, Ohio University's Voinovich School of Leadership and Public Affairs,
collaborate as a Rural Universities Consortium University Center. The EDA
funding allows the center to partner with economic developers and businesses on
expansion and attraction projects, particularly in underserved rural
communities.





 "We're very pleased to learn of this sustaining funding and eager to continue
working with our partners to promote economic growth and community development
in our region," said Dr. Russell Mills, CRD research fellow and principal
investigator on the grant. Mills is also a faculty member in political science.



 The CRD is an interdisciplinary research, data analytics and technical
assistance center with expertise in regional economics and community development
. Its mission is to design and implement innovative and pragmatic solutions to a
wide variety of regional challenges.



 One of the Center for Regional Development's signature projects funded by the
EDA grant is the annual State of the Region Conference, held in March, which
provides economic development leaders, officials and other organizational
leaders a look into trends and factors impacting the 19-county region of Ohio,
along with expert panel discussions on relevant economic development topics.



 "This year will be our 15th annual State of the Region Conference," said Will
Burns, CRD interim director. "We are pleased that the conference has become a
premier gathering of local economic development, business and government leaders
in northwest Ohio."



 The EDA grant will also support CRD's technical assistance and applied research
efforts. Recently, the center assisted the Village of Pioneer and the Maumee
Valley Planning Organization (MVPO) in securing over $2 million in federal and
state funds for an industrial connector project to support the expansion of a
local manufacturing firm. Additionally, CRD collaborated with Fulton County
Economic Development and MVPO to secure over $1.6 million in federal and state
funding to construct a raw water supply line for Nature Fresh Farms' greenhouse
facility near the Village of Delta.



 The CRD will also continue its tradition of producing rigorous applied research
for the public and its partners, Mills said. As part of the EDA partnership, the
center will examine the conditions and factors that lead foreign-owned companies
to invest or "reshore" previously outsourced jobs to the United States. This
work will assist both the efforts of the Regional Growth Partnership and
JobsOhio to encourage foreign direct investment in northwest Ohio.



 In addition, the center will continue to facilitate a regional approach to
economic development through its work as administrator of Northwest Ohio
Regional Economic Development (NORED). The EDA funding will allow the CRD to
continue to provide data and analytics in support of regional workforce
development initiatives undertaken by NORED and other groups.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.info


LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Minnesota: DEED Awards Grants to Assist Emerging Businesses

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Dapertment of employment and economic development, Minnisota
has issued the foallowing news release:



 ST. PAUL - The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development
(DEED) has awarded two-year grants totaling $2.7 million to 11 nonprofit
organizations that provide services and technical assistance to emerging
businesses and entrepreneurs in Minnesota.





 The Business and Community Development Competitive Grant Program, funding for
which was approved during the 2015 legislative session, is used to support
nonprofit organizations that provide business assistance to targeted groups,
including women, minorities, rural residents, innovative startups, entrepreneurs
and inventors.



 &ldquo;These nonprofit organizations help businesses start and survive during
the early stages of the business development,&rdquo; said DEED Commissioner
Katie Clark Sieben. &ldquo;About 2,000 small businesses and entrepreneurial
ventures a year have received support from this grant program during its
three-year history.&rdquo;



 The following groups were awarded funding:



 African Development Center, Minneapolis, $96,000 - The group provides training,
lending and technical assistance to help African immigrants and refugees achieve
economic prosperity in Minnesota.



 Entrepreneur Fund, Duluth, $404,000 - The group helps people in Northeast
Minnesota start and grow successful, locally owned small businesses.



 Metropolitan Consortium of Community Developers, Minneapolis, $246,000 - The
consortium is an association of community development groups that focus on
housing and economic development initiatives.



 Metropolitan Economic Development Association, Minneapolis, $420,000 - The
group provides assistance to businesses owned and managed by entrepreneurs of
color.



 Minnesota State University Small Business Development Center, Mankato, $246,000
- The center provides programs and services for small businesses and
entrepreneurs in the Mankato area.



 Neighborhood Development Center, St. Paul, $420,000 - The center offers
small-business training and consultation in low-income neighborhoods.



 Northside Economic Opportunity Network, Minneapolis, $84,000 - The goal of this
group is to expand economic opportunities and build wealth for north Minneapolis
residents through the creation, growth and development of small businesses.



 Red Lake Band of the Chippewa Indians Entrepreneur Development Program, Red
Lake, $100,000 - This group will assist individual entrepreneur to establish and
grow new business in the Red Lake Nation.



 Southwest State University Small Business Development Center, Marshall, $90,000
- The center provides programs and services for small businesses and
entrepreneurs in the Marshall area.



 WomenVenture, St. Paul, $240,000 - WomenVenture helps women entrepreneurs,
low-income entrepreneurs and women-owned businesses to develop and expand
businesses and create jobs.



 Enterprise Minnesota, Minneapolis, $366,000 - Enterprise Minnesota provides
consulting services to meet the needs of manufacturers.



 DEED is the state's principal economic development agency, promoting business
recruitment, expansion and retention, workforce development, international trade
and community development





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com











LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2011 Drake Journal of Agricultural Law
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 2011

                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                            16 Drake J. Agric. L. 31

LENGTH: 13981 words

ARTICLE: WHY RURAL POLICY NOW MATTERS TO AGRICULTURE: RURAL DEVELOPMENT,
REGIONAL INNOVATION, AND THE NEXT FARM BILL

NAME: Charles W. Fluharty*

BIO: * Charles W. Fluharty is the founder, President, and CEO of the Rural
Policy Research Institute (RUPRI). A Research Professor in the Harry S. Truman
School of Public Affairs at the University of Missouri, he also holds an Adjunct
Faculty appointment in the MU Department of Rural Sociology, and was a
Transatlantic Fellow with the German Marshall Fund of the United States from
2007-2011. The author appreciates the invitation of the American Agricultural
Law Association to present comments regarding the importance of an innovative
Rural Development approach in the next Farm Bill because of its increasing
importance to agricultural producers. Additionally, this author would like to
express appreciation to the Drake Journal of Agricultural Law for their
willingness to engage this issue, as well as their kind assistance in the
development of this Article.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... It will also suggest new and innovative approaches to better align our
nation's agriculture and rural development policy approaches, constituencies,
and outcomes.  ... Most recently, the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of
2002, Title VI, expanded the number of USDA RD initiatives funded with mandatory
spending, including the Rural Strategic Investment Program (RSIP), discussed
later.  ... Both sought to create a regional rural innovation framework for
federal economic development investments, advantaging multi-sectoral,
multi-jurisdictional collaboration, and incentivizing linkages in federal,
state, and local public investment streams, as well as alignment with private
and philanthropic sector funding.  ... USDA, for example, uses place population
thresholds to target eligible areas, and USDA population cutoffs for eligible
communities vary from 10,000 to 50,000.  ... Both metropolitan and micropolitan
areas are designed as functional regions, but regional formation is based solely
on the population threshold of the urban area and commuting patterns between the
core and surrounding counties.  ... If USDA RD is to implement such an approach,
four challenges must be met: 1.  ... [#x2027] USDA-In addition to the incenting
vehicle mentioned above, all USDA grant and loan programs could be advantaged if
legislative language either provided incentives or requirements for the State
Rural Development Director to work with other Federal and/or state level
agencies in a regional framework.  ... A number of states are currently creating
vehicles which leverage small city CDBG dollars to support regional frameworks.

TEXT:
 [*31]

    I. Introduction

    As Congress begins deliberation on the 2012 omnibus Farm Bill, policymakers
will be challenged as few Committees of Agriculture ever have. This  [*32]
reauthorization will be occurring in the aftermath of the Great Recession, in
the midst of a broadening federal fiscal crisis, and at a time when state and
local governments are experiencing both severely reduced resources and
ever-expanding public demands. The Committees will be attempting to achieve
consensus in the midst of one of the greatest ideological divides in our
nation's history. While agriculture and rural policy decision making has been
far more bipartisan than those in most other sectors, it currently faces a
particularly challenging environment. Regardless, reauthorization efforts will
move forward this year or next, despite unclear budgetary limits.

    This Article is designed to address the growing importance of the Farm
Bill's Rural Development Title to America's farmers and ranchers. It will also
suggest new and innovative approaches to better align our nation's agriculture
and rural development policy approaches, constituencies, and outcomes. This is
an advantage recently achieved by our global competitors, from which we do not
currently benefit.

    This Article will briefly review the history of U.S. rural development
policy and programs, as well as the current USDA Rural Development (USDA RD)
portfolio. Against this backdrop, it will assess the new realities which
policymakers must address in crafting the 2012 Rural Development Title. Finally,
this Article will outline the structural challenges within federal and
philanthropic rural investments. These challenges highlight the importance of a
new policy framework-Regional Rural Innovation. This new framework creates
tremendous advantage, not only for agricultural producers and agricultural
policymakers, but for all of rural America.

    II. The History of Farm Bill Rural Development Policy

    A. Initiation and Early Years

    Several years before the rest of our nation was plunged into the depths of
the Great Depression, our nation's rural people and places were challenged by
lowering standards of living and incomes. n1 The federal programs developed in
response to this crisis, including the Farm Security Administration and the Work
Projects Administration, among others, were designed to address these rural
challenges during the 1930s. n2

    From the Great Depression through the 1950s, rural policy considerations
largely focused upon advancing the economic prospects and living stand  [*33]
ards of America's farmers, and investments in agriculture were logically seen as
important rural development resources. n3 Through mid-century, these investments
in farms and farm households were, in effect, our nation's rural policy. n4 As
we entered the second half of this century, however, structural changes in
agriculture, including the continued movement of small farmers from the land to
the cities, informed federal efforts which began to address broader issues in
rural economic development. n5 The Rural Electrification Act of 1936, n6 which
provided electrical power and telephone service throughout rural America, was
the first major federal investment specifically targeting broad rural geographic
impact. n7 The War on Poverty in the 1960s further focused federal efforts on
general rural disadvantage, beyond the agricultural sector. n8

    During this entire period, the structural shifts in American agriculture
continued unabated. As farm size continued to grow, marginal farmers left the
land for jobs in small towns or cities, and federal agricultural investments
could no longer be said to be fully addressing the needs of the entire rural
population. n9

    As a result, in the late 1960s, USDA expanded investments in loan and grant
programs for general rural social welfare, which were authorized and
administered by the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA), forerunner to the
current USDA RD. n10 But general rural policy, as a stand-alone Congressional
concern, was not fully recognized until the Consolidated Farm and Rural
Development Act of 1972 (referred to as the "CON Act"). n11 This statute, as
amended, is the authorizing vehicle for most USDA RD lending programs today. n12
It directed the Secretary of Agriculture to provide executive leadership for a
coordinated national rural development program across federal agencies. n13 This
Act "authorized the Community Facility Loan program, the Rural Business and
Industry Loan program, and the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program"-all
consoli  [*34]  dated as the Rural Community Advancement Program (RCAP) in the
1996 omnibus Farm Bill. n14

    While this Act identified USDA as the federal rural policy coordinator, the
Rural Development Policy Act of 1980 n15 explicitly designated USDA as the lead
federal rural development agency and authorized the Secretary to create an
expansive leadership role within the federal government for integrated federal,
state, and local rural development programming. n16

    Since then, USDA RD loan, loan guarantee, and grant programs have been
funded through annual discretionary appropriations; however, the Farm Bill Rural
Development Title does not address all programs administered. n17 Many are
permanently authorized, through amendments to the CON Act or the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, and funded through annual appropriation cycles. n18

    B. The Recent Past

    The Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Department of Agriculture
Reorganization Act of 1994 n19 authorized creation of the position of
Undersecretary for Rural Economic and Community Development within USDA, and
further consolidated the USDA RD portfolio into four mission areas: the Rural
Housing Service, the Rural Utilities Service, the Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, and the Office of Community Development. n20

    Thus, although each omnibus Farm Bill since 1973 has included a rural
development title, this legislation has consistently expanded in scope and
impact during the last four decades and has now become the major vehicle for
federal investments in rural economic and community development.

    Other federal legislation has also had major rural policy impacts, but the
evolving, ever-expanding rural development emphasis within the periodic Farm
Bill reauthorizations reflects the altering nature of federal rural development
priorities. Meanwhile, the Committees of Agriculture are attempting to address
economic and social changes in our nation's countryside as well as the needs of
its citizens, communities, and businesses.   [*35]

    The Rural Economic Development Act of 1990, n21 Title XXIII of the 1990 Farm
Bill, amended the CON Act of 1972 to establish the USDA RD Administration, which
absorbed all nonfarm Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) programs and broadened
the scope of the newly-created agency. n22 Title VII of the 1996 Farm Bill
expanded the portfolio to include telemedicine and distance learning, increased
grant funding for water and waste facilities, and established the Rural
Community Advancement Program (RCAP) and the Fund for Rural America-one of the
first USDA RD programs established with mandatory funding. n23

    Most recently, the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, n24 Title
VI, expanded the number of USDA RD initiatives funded with mandatory spending,
including the Rural Strategic Investment Program (RSIP), n25 discussed later.
Nevertheless, Congressional appropriators blocked most of the mandatory funding
between Fiscal Year 2004 and Fiscal Year 2007, at which time these provisions
expired.  n26

    So, while the majority of Rural Development Title investments remain
categorical in nature, during the last four decades lawmakers have expanded the
breadth and depth of the rural development program area to reflect the growing
complexity and dynamism within rural economic and community development, and the
expanding importance of a robust rural economy to all citizens, including
agricultural producers. n27

    III. The Current Rural Development Program Portfolio

    The Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 n28 generally followed the
structural outlines of the 2002 law. n29 The Rural Development Title VI expanded
broadband access, created a new microenterprise program, continued the general
approach within the 2002 Farm Bill's Rural Strategic Investment Program through
a new Rural Collaborative Business Investment Program, and  [*36]  greatly
expanded commitments to water and wastewater programming. n30 The Value-Added
Product Grants Program was re-authorized, and the definition of "'rural'" for
program targeting added the "'areas rural in character'" designation. n31
Otherwise, the vast array of categorical program grants which comprised the
Rural Development Title remained generally intact.

    Finally, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 n32 provided $
4.36 billion in supplemental budget authority in Fiscal Year 2009 and Fiscal
Year 2010 to implement 2008 Farm Bill Rural Development loan and grant programs,
generally under existing regulations. n33

    IV. New Realities Affecting Rural Policy and Program Design

    A. Why Rural Policy Now Matters to Agriculture

    The rural America that existed when the first Rural Development Act was
passed in 1972 is gone. The ensuing four decades have forever altered the
economic, demographic, social and political fabric of the American countryside.

    And, as we all know, the nature of farming, and its relative importance to
broad rural economic development, has also radically changed. As was mentioned
above, until the 1970s, most agreed that a solid agricultural development
program was the best rural development policy that could be envisioned. However,
this is no longer the case. As Figures A and B below starkly illustrate, even in
1969, a great swath of rural America was very minimally impacted by agricultural
employment. Four decades later, no one argues that employment in farming is a
meaningful rural economic driver.   [*37]  FIGURE A
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure A n34  [*38]  FIGURE B
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure B n35

    Today, while agriculture plays an important role in the economic vitality of
many rural regions, it is no longer the centerpiece of rural economic growth. In
fact, it is now becoming clear to policymakers that the broader rural economy
plays a direct and significant role in the economic health of farm families,
many of whom depend upon these rural economies to sustain their agricultural
enterprises. n36

    And these dynamics are moving rapidly. In the 2002 Census of Agriculture,
57.5% of principal operators listed their primary occupation as farming. n37
[*39]  By 2007, only 45% of operators still listed this. n38 In 2002, in 680
counties "over half of farm operators reported an occupation other than farming
as their principal occupation." n39 Five years later, this was the case in over
2,000 counties. n40 "In 2002, 45[%] of farm operators reported not working any
days off the farm." n41 By 2007, this decreased to 35%. n42

    Today, these off-farm jobs in the broader rural economy are critical to
sustaining the lives of these farm families on the land. In 2007, 90% of farm
household income was derived off the farm. n43 By 2009, the USDA data showed
this amount moved to 91%. n44 As Figures (B) n45 and (C) n46 show, these
statistics vary by USDA Farm Resource Region and Farm Typology, but the economic
reality is obvious across all categories. Even in our heartland, this accounted
for three-fourths of farm families' income, and families running very large
farms, with sales over $ 500,000, still derive 16% of their income from off-farm
sources. n47 Finally, the number of counties where total farm employment
accounts for more than 20% of total employment has declined from nearly 1,150
counties prior to the 1972 Act to less than 300 today. n48

    While farming remains a strategically significant sector of the national
economy, it is no longer a stand-alone economic activity. Farm families depend
on healthy local and regional economies to continue their operations.
Unfortunately, relative federal expenditures for farming vis-a-vis rural
economic development miserably fail to address these realities. While broader
rural economic activity accounts for over 90% of total farm household income,
current USDA budget outlays for rural development programming have hovered just
above 3% of total USDA outlays for many years. n49 Furthermore, historically the
USDA  [*40]  Rural Utilities Service and Rural Housing Service have accounted
for nearly 90% of this funding, leaving less than 10% for the business
development, entrepreneurship, and innovation programs operated under the Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. n50

    Both the nature and level of USDA RD funding must be changed if an
innovative, economically competitive rural America is to be realized.

    B. The Obama Administration's Place-Based Policy Framework

    The federal government is currently in the midst of an enhanced federal
commitment to place-based policy. On August 11, 2009, the Obama Administration
released a very important "Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and
Agencies," which framed a new White House approach to place-based investments.
n51 This directive was the first public acknowledgement of an extended, internal
Administration decision making process, centered within the Domestic Policy
Council. This guidance, while preliminary, presaged growing inter-agency
collaboration, a focus on new evaluation of existing place-based policy, and the
identification of potential reforms to enhance inter-agency coordination, break
down sectoral silos, and create a more effective, multi-level governance
framework for federal investments in regional and economic development, housing,
transportation, and community development. n52

    The White House memo mandated specific actions to incorporate this framework
into each federal department's program of work. Each was asked to identify three
to five major program areas, before Fiscal Year 2011 budget submissions, which
could be redesigned around place-based policy principles, including:

    [#x2027] "clear, measurable, and carefully evaluated goals to guide
investment and regulation," to achieve economic competitiveness,

     [*41]

    environmental sustainability, community health and access to opportunity, as
well as safety and security;


    [#x2027] an acknowledgement that change occurs at the "community level and
often through partnership[, and that] complex problems require flexible,
integrated policy solutions;" and,


    [#x2027] a recognition that many important domestic challenges demand a
regional approach. n53

    To quote directly from the memo regarding the third principle:

    Many important challenges demand a regional approach. The Nation is
increasingly a conglomeration of regional economies and ecosystems that should
be approached as such. Federal investments should promote planning and
collaboration across jurisdictional boundaries. Given the forces reshaping
smaller communities, it is particularly important that rural development
programs be coordinated with broader regional initiatives. Programs in
neighboring zones and within larger regions-some of which connect rural
communities to metropolitan regions-should complement each other. Federal
programs should reflect better the Nation's economic and social diversity, both
in rural and metropolitan areas. To the extent possible, programs should allow
for communities to identify distinct needs and address them in appropriate,
strategic ways. n54


    Since then, subsequent legislative and administrative actions have moved
this approach to a central component in the Obama Administration's domestic
policy agenda. Federal departments have crafted new program designs, and created
competitive grant competitions to incentivize regional innovation, several of
which are reviewed below:

    [#x2027] "A new program within the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development will utilize $ 150 million to enhance regional strategic planning
and integration, as well as the evaluation of regional programming." n55 The new
Partnership for Sustainable

     [*42]

    Communities supports joint regional collaboration efforts across Housing and
Urban Development, the Department of Transportation, and the Environmental
Protection Agency. n56


    [#x2027] The U.S. Small Business Administration, through the Regional
Cluster Initiative, "will accept proposals from local and regional cluster
initiatives . . . for funding of up to $ 600,000 per cluster to support up to 15
projects across the country." Two programs have been launched within this
initiative: the Regional Innovation Clusters and Advanced Defense Technologies.
n57


    [#x2027] The Economic Development Administration under the Department of
Commerce has created a new funding opportunity around Regional Innovation
Clusters as well as a multi-agency initiative to spur regional economic growth
through investments in energy efficiency. n58


    [#x2027] The U.S. Department of Energy has a new "Energy Regional Investment
Cluster . . . centered around an Energy Innovation Hub, . . . one of three
proposed by the Administration and funded by Congress in the FY10 budget." n59
This is a collaboration between Energy and SBA, the Department of Labor, the
Economic Development Administration, and the National Science Foundation. n60


    [#x2027] The Neighborhood Revitalization Initiative is an interagency
collaborative designed to improve outcomes for low-income children in inner-city
neighborhoods and struggling older suburbs. n61 This effort seeks "to align
Federal housing programs (e.g., Choice

     [*43]

    Neighborhoods) with Federal education programs, health services, and public
safety initiatives." n62

    When taken together, these efforts represent a significant new federal
framework and infrastructure, and are indeed historic.

    Clearly, a place-based policy framework focusing solely upon metropolitan
geography fails to address critical dependencies. Over the course of this year,
however, each federal agency has looked much more closely at the importance of
rural/urban regional interdependence.

    While metropolitan areas account for over 80% of our total population, and
much of our nation's GDP, they only account for 25% of our land area, where most
of our nation's food, energy, and national resource activities occur. Thus, a
metropolitan-focused place-based investment policy would ignore critical
linkages with three quarters of our national resource base and the 20% of the
U.S. population which stewards those national treasures. n63


    Rural policy scholars have long argued for such a place-based domestic
policy framework, recognizing the differential disadvantage in community
capacity under which most rural regions struggle and the fact that categorical
grants fail to build integrative, strategic approaches. This is ironic, as most
of the major players driving this federal innovation have a decidedly
metropolitan world view, and most of these public innovations began as uniquely
urban approaches.

    USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack has created an exciting new approach within his
Department, the Regional Innovation Initiative, which seeks to build new
linkages with these metropolitan-focused programs at his sister departments. n64
Furthermore, a number of national organizations advocating for rural economic
development continue to seek a recalibration of this framework in order to
better address the actual rural-urban continuum which should exist in nearly all
regional innovation practices. Hopefully, this re-thinking will acknowledge the
unique rural contributions to our nation's metropolitan areas, including the
food we eat, the air we breathe, the natural resources which sustain both, and
the cultural, heritage, and environmental assets which contribute to much of
urban America's recreational and cultural pursuits. This USDA initiative,
currently  [*44]  titled "Great Regions," builds upon the Rural Strategic
Investment Program (RSIP) in the 2002 Farm Bill, mentioned above, and the Rural
Collaborative Investment Program (RCIP) in the 2008 Farm Bill. n65

    Both sought to create a regional rural innovation framework for federal
economic development investments, advantaging multi-sectoral,
multi-jurisdictional collaboration, and incentivizing linkages in federal,
state, and local public investment streams, as well as alignment with private
and philanthropic sector funding. While authorized in both bills, Congressional
funding was never appropriated for either program. n66


    Beginning in 2010, USDA adopted a regional funding initiative through the
"Great Regions" competitive grant program, which was implemented under the
USDA's Rural Business Opportunity Grants (RBOG) program. While limited funding
was available for this new program, the overwhelming response was a very clear
indication that local jurisdictions appreciate the potential within this
regional innovation effort. n67 Over 400 responses to a very limited $ 1.2
million Notice of Federal Assistance were received from our nation's rural
regions, counties, and communities.

    Further efforts to advance the Regional Innovation Initiative were seen
"during the Subcommittee markup of the Fiscal Year 2011 Agricultural
Appropriations Bills, both the Senate and House allocated over $ 175 million to
advance this new framework." n68 Following the mark-up of the FY 2011
Agriculture, Rural Development, and FDA Appropriations Bill, House Chairwoman
Rosa DeLauro commented:

    "In terms of our investment priorities closer to home, one of the innovative
new ideas we have included in this legislation, at a funding level of $ 176
million, is the Administration's Regional Innovation Initiative proposal.


    In order to increase the economic viability of rural communities, this
Initiative seeks to promote a regional outlook in the planning and coordination
of rural development programs at USDA. While USDA RD is expected to provide
leadership for this initiative, the Agricultural Marketing Service is also
expected to participate. And

     [*45]

    some of the supporting programs include the Business and Industry Guarantee
Loan Program, the Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program, and the Intermediary
Relending Program." n69


    C. The New Rural/Urban Policy Dialectic

    The recent place-based policy approaches of this Administration have been
centered primarily in metropolitan regions, but the population distribution of
U.S. citizens across metropolitan, micropolitan, and non-core areas force a
re-examination of how appropriately these categories fit into intended policy
targeting. These do not represent a continuum of population thresholds, where
the smallest population areas are noncore, followed by micropolitan areas, and
then the largest-metropolitan. While these areas are formed by the size of their
urban core, the surrounding populations vary significantly. "As noted in the
following table, metropolitan areas range in population size from 55,176 to
19,069,796, and micropolitan areas from 11,046 to 192,747. In fact, 40[%] of
metropolitan areas have populations less than the size of the largest
micropolitan area." n70

   B

    Distribution of U.S. Popultion

    Urban 50K +

    Urban Under 50K

    Rural

    Total

    Percent of the Population that is:

    Metropolitan

    192,064,228

    10,338,988

    30,176,724

    232,579,940

    Non-Urbanized

    31.7%

    Micropolitan

    255,305

    14,976,437

    14,299,972

    29,531,714

    Rural

    21.0%

    Noncore

    18,588

    4,704,763

    14,586,901

    19,310,252

    Small Urban

    10.7%

    Total

    192,338,121

    30,020,188

    59,063,597

    281,421,906

    Nonmetropolitan

    17.4%

    Sources Urban and Rural Population figures from Census 2000; CBSA status for
the December 2005 Classifications

    Percent of the rural population residing in metropolitan counties

    51.1%

    Table 1 n71

   E

    Two major types of rural definitions are used for the statistical tabulation
of data: the official designations of "urban" and "rural" by the U.S. Census
Bureau and Core Based Statistical Areas, as defined by the Office of Management
and Budget.   [*46]

    The U.S. Census Bureau defines urban areas as core blocks and block groups
with an overall population density of 1,000 people per square mile and
surrounding blocks with an overall density of 500 people per square mile. n72
These urban areas range in overall population from about 2,500 to nearly 2
million. n73 According to this definition, anything that is not defined as urban
is considered rural. n74 The Census divides these urban areas into two types:
urbanized areas, with an overall population of 50,000 or more, and urban
clusters, with an overall population less than 50,000. n75

    Core Based Statistical Areas build off the Census Bureau's designations of
urban areas. These CBSAs are meant to be 'functional regions' around urban
centers, and the classifications are based on county boundaries. Urbanized areas
of 50,000 population or more form the principal city of a metropolitan area, and
the county or counties containing this urbanized area form the core county(ies)
of that metropolitan area. Surrounding counties with high levels of commuting
flows are included as outlying counties of the metropolitan area. Micropolitan
areas are defined in much the same way, with a principal city of population
between 10,000 and 49,999, and surrounding counties based on commuting. n76


    Refer to Figure C for the allocation of metropolitan, micropolitan, and
non-core counties nationwide.   [*47]  FIGURE C
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure C n77

    Each of these definitions presents challenging drawbacks for use in policy
targeting. n78

    While the populations of urban areas and of metropolitan and micropolitan
areas are updated with the inter-census population estimates, the commuting data
which define the outlying counties is only available with the decennial census,
as are the boundaries of urban. It is difficult to find a common middle ground
that accurately describes this continuum. In fact, the most "rural" states, in
terms of population, only account for under 7% of the total U.S. rural popula

     [*48]

    tion (Vermont, 62%; Maine, 60%; West Virginia, 54%; Mississippi, 51%; and
South Dakota, 48%). Furthermore, five states that usually are viewed as urban
account for over 25% of our nation's rural people (Texas, 3.6 million; North
Carolina, 3.2 mil.; Pennsylvania, 2.8 mil.; Ohio, 2.5 mil.; and Michigan, 2.5
mil.).


    The commuting criterion leads to the inclusion of some very rural counties
in metropolitan areas. Many counties contain vast geography, particularly in the
Western U.S., with widely varying characteristics across that geography.
Coconino County, Arizona, part of the Flagstaff Metropolitan Area and home of
the Grand Canyon, is one classic example. A cross tabulation of population
across the CBSAs and the urban and rural designations summarize this paradox:
over half of the nation's rural people live in metropolitan counties. Likewise,
there are many urban centers within nonmetropolitan counties. n79


    As one might imagine, therefore, a variety of definitions are used to direct
federal resources to rural people and places. n80

    USDA, for example, uses place population thresholds to target eligible
areas, and USDA population cutoffs for eligible communities vary from 10,000 to
50,000. Other departments, such as the Office of Rural Health Policy/HHS, use
the CBSA county designations, with exceptions included for rural areas within
metropolitan counties. Other departments have developed their own unique
definitions, such as the Department of Education's 'metro-centric locale codes,'
which are based on school districts. In most policy targeting, additional
characteristics are often utilized to target resources toward specific needs,
such as poverty rates, depopulation, and disaster declarations. n81


    These efforts to define the spatial distribution of the U.S. population
suggest a growing interdependence between rural and urban people and places,
which will need to be factored into future policy considerations. Refining
understanding of these connections, and the spatial continuum from one to the
other,  [*49]  will become much more relevant in future policy considerations,
to ensure the economic vitality of both. n82

    Both metropolitan and micropolitan areas are designed as functional regions,
but regional formation is based solely on the population threshold of the urban
area and commuting patterns between the core and surrounding counties. In
reality, many other factors come into play if one is seeking to form a more
functional region, particularly across the rural-urban continuum in less
populated rural regions. These include access to health and social services,
retail centers, and transportation, food, and energy systems. However,
policymakers seeking to craft these more optimal frameworks are currently
constrained by these geographic area boundaries and federal data sources.
Therefore, one must approximate the geography of these functional regions.
Examining the micropolitan areas, along with their adjacent noncore counties,
could more appropriately capture these regional dynamics, as micropolitan
principal cities often serve large geographies in remote, rural territory. When
contiguous counties are considered, 967 noncore counties could potentially be
included in such a configuration. . . . Several limiting factors, such as
topography, transportation systems that create barriers, and smaller or larger
regional hubs that cross service areas, are also relevant. However, this could
be a useful starting point for the discussion of how more functional regions
might be identified and advantaged.


    Another potential targeting mechanism to enhance rural-urban continuum
dynamics might link smaller urban hubs in noncore counties to the surrounding
geography. The population threshold for micropolitan principal cities is 10,000,
so examining noncore counties with an urban cluster with 5,000 population could
provide a useful means for targeting continuum approaches in very remote rural
geographies. The U.S. has 311 noncore counties that include an urban cluster
with a population between 5,000 and 9,999. . . . In reality, a combination of
these two approaches will likely yield a reasonable framework for understanding
rural-urban continuum opportunities across less populated rural regions. n83

     [*50]  FIGURE D
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure D n84

    IV. The Importance of Regional Rural Innovation

    A. Structural Investment Challenges Facing Rural America

    None have "escaped the global devastation of the Great Recession. Its
continuing effects reverberate" throughout our economy, and across our nation's
landscape, "with particularly challenging impacts in rural[, inner-city,] and
underserved areas." n85 The impact of all this on our federal deficit, with
resulting federal budgetary impacts, is quite well-known and publicized.
However, its  [*51]  impact on state and local governments, and the
institutions, organizations, and families they serve, will range from dismal to
apocalyptic over the next few years.

    "These rural governments face numerous challenges-dealing with decreasing
tax revenues, declines in Federal and state support, and significantly expanding
service needs, particularly in social services. These cuts also have huge
impacts on local economies, which also must weather declining property values,
household incomes, and consumer spending." n86 A recent report from the Center
on Budget and Policy Priorities was very sobering:

    The worst recession since the 1930s has caused the steepest decline in state
tax receipts on record. As a result, even after making very deep spending cuts
over the last two years, states continue to face large budget gaps. At least 46
states struggled to close shortfalls when adopting budgets for the current
fiscal year (FY 2011, which began July 1 in most states). . . . States face:


    [#x2027] Budget problems in 2011. Fiscal year 2011 gaps-addressed with
spending cuts and revenue increases by most states-totaled $ 121 billion, or 19
percent of budgets in 46 states. This total is likely to grow over the course of
the fiscal year, which started July 1 in most states. It may well exceed $ 140
billion and would be higher still without federal assistance. . . .


    [#x2027] Uncertainty for the future. States' fiscal problems will continue
in the current fiscal year and likely beyond. Already 39 states have projected
gaps that total $ 102 billion for the following year (fiscal year 2012). Once
all states have prepared estimates these are likely to grow to some $ 120
billion.


    [#x2027] The effects of gaps in 2010 budgets. . . . Counting both initial
and mid-year shortfalls, 48 states addressed such shortfalls in their budgets
for fiscal year 2010, totaling $ 192 billion or 29 percent of state budgets-the
largest gaps on record.


    [#x2027] Declining federal assistance. Federal aid to states provided in the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act has lessened state cuts

     [*52]

    in services and tax increases. But the aid is now mostly gone; only about $
40 billion remains to help with 2010 fiscal problems. . . .


    [#x2027] Combined gaps of $ 260 billion for 2011 and 2012. These numbers
suggest that states are dealing with total budget shortfalls of some $ 260
billion for 2011 and 2012. When all is said and done, states will have closed
shortfalls of more than $ 500 billion since the start of the recession. n87


    A recent research brief released jointly by the National League of Cities,
United States Conference of Mayors, and the National Association of Counties
summarizes the local government impact of these challenges:

    The effects of the Great Recession on local budgets will be felt most deeply
from 2010 to 2012. . . . Local government job losses in the current and next
fiscal years will approach 500,000, with public safety, public works, public
health, social services and parks and recreation hardest hit by the cutbacks.
n88


    The Economic Policy Institute estimates that 30 private sector lay-offs
happen for every 100 public sector layoffs. n89 It also reported that "state
budget shortfalls for 2010 to 2012 exceeding $ 400 billion will pose a
significant threat to funding for local government programs." n90

    These are very difficult times for rural county and small city governments.
They struggle continually with limited capacity, challenging service delivery
costs due to geography, diseconomies of scale, and unique dependency on state
budget resources, which often provide a third of their operating funds. While
federal and state transfers account for 45% of local rural government revenue,
in poor rural counties this often approaches 55%. n91  [*53]

    Economists Alison Felix and Jason Henderson, in a recent Main Street
Economist publication of the Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank, suggest local
governments really have only three options: raising revenue, reducing overall
spending by cutting services, or reducing costs by becoming more efficient in
service delivery.


    Of these, they suggest the latter is the most politically palatable, and
suggest four potential approaches for increasing this efficiency: consolidation,
inter-municipality cooperation, internal reorganizing, or privatization. While
each of these have merit, local government consolidation remains fraught with
difficulty, organizationally, culturally, and politically. Internal
reorganization and privatization are more acceptable alternatives, but by far
the most promising is the potential for regional collaboration among local
governments, a process that is already well advanced in many rural geographies.
n92


    These dynamics within U.S. federalism only serve to exacerbate a perennial
structural disadvantage in federal funding for rural community and economic
development. As Figures E, F, and G illustrate, rural America suffers from a
devastating differential disadvantage in Community Resource Funding. The
Consolidated Federal Funds Report has almost always shown a metro advantage over
non-metro America in total federal funds per capita. While usually varying
between $ 100 and $ 300 per capita less, this does amount to an aggregate
disadvantage of between $ 6 and $ 20 billion per year (see Figure E). n93  [*54]
FIGURE E
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure E. n94

    However, the more challenging issue is the difference in the nature of the
federal funds returning to rural areas. In rural America, a far higher
percentage of total federal funding returns in the form of transfer payments to
individuals (Medicare, Supplemental Security Income, etc.), a distribution 9%
higher than all other income sources in 2008 (see Figure G). n95 Therefore, in
2009, non-metropolitan America received $ 433 per capita less in federal
commitments for community resources-an aggregate differential of over $ 25
billion (see Figure F). n96 What is easily lost in these numbers is that each
and every dollar of this amount goes to building rural community capacity, and
is intended to benefit the futures of communities in a region. Much of this
deficit results from the fact that nonmetropolitan areas do not receive a "place
entitlement" under HUD's Community Development Block Grants program. Overall,
the relative rural disadvantage, year after year, is profound.   [*55]  FIGURE F

[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure F. n97  [*56]  FIGURE G
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure G. n98

    Well, if the nature of federal funding flows creates structural
disadvantages for rural innovation and economic development, and if overall
federal and state revenues will be radically reduced, can we assume our nation's
philanthropies recognize the challenge and are stepping up to fill this void in
rural community and economic development resources, shown above to be so
critical to all rural citizens, including farmers? Sadly, the rural disadvantage
in philanthropic funding is even more significant. In a May 2004 report, the
National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy noted that of the $ 30 billion
distributed annually by our nation's foundations, only $ 100.5 million was
committed to rural development. n99 "Of 65,000 or so active grantmaking
foundations, there are only 184 engaged in rural development grantmaking . . .
." n100 About twenty founda  [*57]  tions engaged in rural development
grantmaking accounted for 80% of this total, and "two foundations, the W.K.
Kellogg Foundation and the Ford Foundation, constituted 42[%]." n101 While the
significant rural community and economic development commitment of these two
foundations is commendable, these numbers indicate that the majority of
grantmaking foundations in the U.S. have not seriously addressed the
developmental needs of rural populations. n102 The same rural differential
disadvantage also applies to corporate philanthropy. While total corporate
grantmaking in the U.S. amounts to $ 12 billion annually, "a 2000 study of 124
Fortune 500 corporations found that corporate grantmaking for rural
racial/ethnic organizations amounted to 1[%] of their total racial/ethnic
grantmaking." n103 In total, of the 124 corporations surveyed for racial/ethnic
giving, only 0.7% of the corporate grants were awarded to rural groups. n104 "
Rural organizations received only 153 of the 10,905 grants made, approximately
1.4% of grants." n105

    In fact, a more recent study provides a very sobering update. Prior to the
Great Recession, foundation grants in the U.S. increased by 43.4% from 2004 to
2008; however, grants to rural organizations declined by 3.45% during that same
time period. n106 The study's author, Rick Cohen, a national correspondent for
The Nonprofit Quarterly magazine, n107 characterizes these trends as reflective
of a "metronation" bias in U.S. philanthropy. n108  [*58]  FIGURE H
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure H. n109 FIGURE J
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Figure J. n110  [*59]

    B. Moving from a Categorical Grant to a Strategic Investment Framework in
the New Farm Bill

    On March 1, 2011, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) released
Opportunities to Reduce Potential Duplication in Government Programs, Save Tax
Dollars, and Enhance Revenue. n111 In the section titled "Efficiency and
Effectiveness of Fragmented Economic Development Programs Are Unclear," the GAO
report addresses the duplication and fragmentation that exists in current
federal approaches. n112 Regarding rural development, the Departments of
Commerce, Housing and Urban Development, the Small Business Administration, and
USDA RD all operate economic development programs, many of which have targeted
funding based upon geography, income level, or population density (rural or
urban). n113

    USDA RD administers thirty-one of the eighty economic development programs
the GAO reviewed. n114 Given the severe federal budget challenge, collaborative
agency programming and implementation could enhance the performance of these
federal programs, all seeking common rural outcomes. n115 As this report
suggests, joint approaches could leverage agency resources, establish compatible
policies, procedures, and monitoring programs, and create strategic planning and
performance plans that could build cross-agency collaboration and
accountability. n116 More importantly for rural regions, if properly designed,
this integration could significantly reduce the local administrative burden in
grant-seeking across these agencies, and actually enhance the value of each
agency's investments. n117

    This is particularly relevant for rural development. Each of these
departments offers somewhat unique services to rural communities, regions, and
businesses. While there is some replication, the most troubling issue is the
lack of federal integration. Some statutory impediments even preclude
collaboration. Therefore, leveraging oppor

     [*60]

    tunities to link and exploit unique agency strengths are missed, a priori.
n118


    In my March 21, 2007 testimony before the House Committee on Agriculture,
Subcommittee on Specialty Crops, Rural Development, and Foreign Agriculture, an
outline for moving USDA RD toward a Regional Rural Innovation framework was
articulated. n119 These dynamics have not altered since then; in fact, the
forces outlined above have only served to heighten the advantages of such an
approach. Many would argue it is now a necessity, as would I. Below are edited
excerpts from the closing section of that written testimony.

    Creating 21st Century USDA/RD Programs Which Support These New Realities


    If one is to alter Federal rural development policy to advantage new
regional framings, serious attention must be given to new Federal incentives
which promote regional cooperation among local communities, governments, and
institutions. [Until this year], no serious systemic RD incentives for such
approaches exist.


    A common trait in most successful urban renewal and development is a true
partnership between the public, private and philanthropic sectors. Since rural
areas typically lack this same level of private sector development, and suffer
from an overall lack of critical mass, forging partnerships among these key
actors and potential investors will demand new Federal commitments. Building
upon an RSIP-type model, these Federal incentives and core funding vehicles
should support new partnership models, with equal ownership and control across
local officials, private sector leaders (including health care, agriculture,
utilities, emerging industries, etc.), universities, community colleges and the
nonprofit sectors, among others. A key sine qua non will be the provision of
Federal seed capital to support both the

     [*61]

    regional organization and strategic planning as well as the implementation
of these regional visions.


    If USDA RD is to implement such an approach, four challenges must be met:


    1. A Congressional mandate must be designed, which rewards RD for
reconfiguring programs toward a regional approach, and a new mission area.


    2. Incentives must be developed to assure these regional approaches drive
program performance assessments.


    3. An organizational capacity which can support regional innovation and
deliver these new programs must be built, within a framework which engages
appropriate institutional partners.


    4. Sufficient funding must be committed, to build regional scale and
presence.


    For example, small city CDBG [Community Development Block Grant] programs
have no hard and fast priorities or guidelines. By contrast, current USDA
investments are largely very specific program or project grants or loans, with
very detailed criteria and delivery dynamics. Addressing this challenge, and
creating the framework for all that follows could be one of the most significant
innovations in U.S. rural policy over the last 50 years.


    In this regard, it is important to note that USDA RD investments are not
driven by any regional investment plan. While state R.D. Directors must have a
state R.D. plan, their investments in local communities and regions are not
determined by any regional process or assessed against any regional strategy. In
contrast, all Economic Development Districts that receive EDA funding from
Commerce must have a Comprehensive Economic Development Strategy (CEDS).
Additionally, new EDA guidelines demand that all Economic Development District
Boards are made up of 50%+ local government, 30%+ other sector entities
including nonprofits, chambers of commerce, higher education, etc. Additionally,
a CEDS committee must be established by the EDD Board, with a majority private
sector representation, which must include workforce, chambers of commerce,
higher education, labor, minority, local government, and nonprofit
representation. The new EDA guidelines demand that each District

     [*62]

    must also catalog (1) current investments in the region, (2) current funding
sources, and (3) a catalog of all prior investments. As is evident, an
opportunity exists to recommend that USDA investments be framed within such a
regional strategic plan, and interface more closely with existing comprehensive
economic development strategies for regions, such as the EDA CEDS process.


    Given these comments, here are a number of specific ideas for new Federal
incentives to promote regional cooperation:


    1. In the past, EDA has had a 10% Federal bonus for local communities that
participate in an Economic Development District. For example, if you were
awarded a $ 1 million public works grant, the Federal share in the project was
increased 10%, if you were working in an EDD framework.


    Such a Federal bonus could become part of all loan and grant programs
currently operated through USDA/RD, as well as other programs within USDA. While
the bonus level and/or local match would be two key variables, the policy
principle would be to encourage regional cooperation through this incentive,
while not precluding alternative grant proposals from securing Federal support.


    2. A variant of this approach would advantage R.D. proposals for grant
and/or loan funding to the extent they were submitted with the support of, and
coordination through, other programs which are working in a regional framework
within the proposal area. These could include:


    [#x2027] Commerce-Existing regional economic development plans, through
Planning and Development Districts, or Councils of Government.


    [#x2027] Labor-Participation in one of the federal WIRED grants; linkages to
the Regional Workforce Investment Boards, etc.


    [#x2027] Health-The programs operated through the Federal Office of Rural
Health Policy, including Network and Flex grants, regional plans developed by
State Offices of Rural Health, etc.


    [#x2027] USDA-In addition to the incenting vehicle mentioned above, all USDA
grant and loan programs could be advantaged if legislative language either
provided incentives or requirements for the State

     [*63]

    Rural Development Director to work with other Federal and/or state level
agencies in a regional framework. A number of states are developing such an
approach, and specific language could be developed to incent additional R.D.
Directors to take such an approach.


    3. Creation of a state block grant and/or regional block grant to promote
regional innovation around a hub Micropolitan Statistical Area, through a USDA
"CDBG" type program. Any number of approaches could be developed to take
advantage of the Federal "micropolitan" designation. For example, one could
create a program called RMAP-Regional Micropolitan Advancement Program. This
could be a flexible strategic investment program, along an RSIP model, which
would be run through the USDA State R.D. Director's office, to advantage
regional partnerships.



    The state director could make funding decisions based on recommendations
from Regional Strategic Councils, comprised of representation from state and
local foundations, workforce investment boards, community colleges and regional
universities, chambers of commerce, local and regional governments, agricultural
groups, regional councils and nonprofit representatives. The program focus would
need to be diverse enough to cover the diverse asset-based development needs of
unique regions, including youth development/retention, entrepreneurship, export
assistance for small businesses, infrastructure development and business
development, as well as attention to heritage and the arts, and other uniquely
designed, asset-based development programs.



    The federal match rate could be on a sliding scale, based upon the amount of
non-Federal investment pooled or leveraged within the region, with a special
carve-out for regions which are specifically disadvantaged by lack of internal
capacity.


    4. A grant approach which leverages existing state "small city" CDBG funds
that are grouped to create regional approaches. A number of states are currently
creating vehicles which leverage small city CDBG dollars to support regional
frameworks. There are any number of ways in which Federal programs could
advantage grant or loan applications which are thus matched, or which leverage
such state approaches. This could be administered through the state R.D.

     [*64]

    office, working with the governors, who control the CDBG formulae/program
allocations.


    5. If the micropolitan regional approach is unworkable, an alternative would
be the creation and promotion of a concept such as a Regional Economic Workshed,
similar to the watershed models currently being utilized in USDA to address
environmental and natural resource concerns. This approach would use the same
type of framework, but addresses the reality that the current rural workforce
dynamics cross jurisdictional boundaries, as many rural people often commute 30
to 50 miles to work.


    6. One final program idea, while structurally difficult, would truly be
unique, and could be very innovative. It would create a vehicle to enable rural
areas working in a regional framework to reinvest the wealth and/or financial
returns earned in the region through USDA investments. With this type of
revolving loan program, one could enable investments which have been repaid to
be revolved into these innovation regions, rather than returned to the Federal
treasury, as is currently the practice. Clearly, criteria and accountability
around this would be challenging, but such an approach would reward those
regions that are working diligently to leverage their innovation opportunities,
while reducing further Federal funding demands. n120


    Obviously, until the structural resource disadvantages outlined above are
addressed, rural America must look internally to better its community and
economic development opportunities. Rural regions must craft a common vision;
pool very limited resources, talents, and capacities from all sectors; and
develop an asset-based approach in which new institutional partnerships between
the private, NGO, and philanthropic sectors link with under-resourced rural
governments. Though challenged by the lack of technical-assistance funding
available for such efforts and the relative lack of philanthropic capacity and
grantmaking in rural regions, rural communities have begun this effort. However,
absent attention to these huge resource disadvantages, building the new regional
collaboration and investment system outlined below will remain a significant
challenge. Nevertheless, such developments are absolutely essential if rural
regions are to optimize their relative competitive advantage.

    Given these challenges, where should policymakers turn in building wiser
public sector investments in rural community and economic development?   [*65]
First, we must acknowledge that what has worked in the past will no longer
suffice. Once that is evident, regional collaboration and investment systems can
be considered. When this happens, we will move from attraction strategies to
entrepreneurship; identify and encourage "functional economic regions" to build
on existing assets, as broadly defined; and move from sector to place-based
approaches. If appropriately configured, this regional framework will engage our
institutions of higher education in a new regional compact, where public and
private entrepreneurship will be central, a new rural governance between the
public, private, and philanthropic sectors will be evident, and new regional
leadership, through innovative institutional renaissance, will be expressed.

    These regional efforts are now occurring in almost all of our states.


    The growing number of these innovations should result in the Federal
Government creating incentives for regional partnering, expanding investments in
basic research and regional community and leadership capacity, and funding the
development of new public goods for regional decision making, all key elements
in a national rural entrepreneurship framework. Should this occur, the Federal
Government will become an enabler rather than a driver of such dynamics, as
regional, state and local actors work together to build effective new frameworks
for regional governance, public and private collaboration, and identification of
unique regional assets. Then, a true rural entrepreneurial development system
can emerge, to enable innovation to leverage these assets, across space. n121


    VI. Conclusion

    Unfortunately, unless the committees in the USDA take specific action during
their 2012 Farm Bill deliberations to re-calibrate specific sections of the
Rural Development Title, USDA leadership will be unable to design the Regional
Rural Innovation framework outlined above. Without this innovation in USDA RD
authorization, and commensurate action by the Agricultural Appropriations
Committees, USDA will remain unable to join their federal colleagues in
exploiting this potential to advantage the families, businesses, and communities
that call rural America home. If this does not occur, America's farmers and
agribusiness concerns will be likewise disadvantaged.

    While current USDA RD categorical grant programs remain necessary, and very
important, they are insufficient for capturing the rural opportunities  [*66]
within the dynamic regional economies which are the key to rural America's
global competitiveness. This is a critical consideration for American
agriculture, as the steward of most of the renewable assets which are poised to
drive this rural renaissance. Renewable fuels, renewable energy, regional food
systems, export agriculture, and amenity tourism all offer tremendous regional
innovation possibilities.

    At this moment, given huge federal budgetary challenges, worsening deficit,
and rigorous scrutiny of the efficiency and efficacy of every federal outlay,
agriculture's historic federal funding levels will definitely be reduced. Given
this environment, and the fact that in much of rural America agricultural assets
will be central to regional innovation approaches, it would be judicious for
rural development and agricultural advocates to finally acknowledge their common
futures are not only strategically aligned, but politically essential.

    When the new census results are factored into the redistricting of all
Congressional districts, the relative rural power in each will continue to
decline, as has occurred for the last several decades. It would be wise for
American agriculture to acknowledge its need for the support of all rural
citizens and broad rural regional innovation. New policy approaches which align
rural and small urban interests in regional innovation pursuits would be an
excellent first step.

    In July 2008, as a Transatlantic Fellow with the German Marshall Fund of the
United States, I was honored to facilitate a European Union study tour for a
delegation of U.S. agricultural leaders. This delegation was comprised of the
CEOs or Presidents of most of our nation's general farm or commodity
organizations, and was widely regarded by these leaders as one of the strongest
U.S. delegations in which they had ever participated. This study tour, made
possible by the generous support of the Farm Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg
Foundation, and the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, had a singular
objective: to enable these leaders to better understand the interplay of
policies between the U.S. and Europe relating to rural development, their
increasing agricultural content, and the critical role wider rural development
plays in sustaining the general rural economy. Rural development is growing ever
more central to the livelihoods of farm households on both continents.

    At the conclusion of their travels, the delegation was gathered for a final
debriefing, following a meeting with the leadership of the French Ministry of
Agriculture. As final observations were being shared regarding the tour, which
all considered one of the most rewarding and educational in which they had ever
participated, the President of a Midwestern state's Farm Bureau offered the
following summation, which I paraphrase here:

    I have learned a very great deal and have benefited most from sharing with
fellow farmers here; but I have one troubling observation. I

     [*67]

    must admit that every farming village and town we have visited in these
countries is in far better shape than my own hometown. I am not suggesting, at
all, that we want to adopt a European model, but I am saying these producers are
very involved in advocating for rural development programs here, see great
benefit to their operations as a result, and have communities which reflect
these investments. We must take these lessons home with us.

    I could not agree more.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawConservationGeneral OverviewPublic Health & Welfare
LawSocial ServicesEconomic DevelopmentReal Property LawCommon Interest
CommunitiesCooperativesFormation

FOOTNOTES:




n1  TADLOCK COWAN, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., RL31837, AN OVERVIEW OF USDA RURAL
DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS 1 (2011).




n2  Id.




n3  See id.




n4  See id. ("A focus on farms and farm household became de facto rural
policy.").




n5  See id. ("With the continued decline in agriculture as rural America's
dominant economic activity, policy attention shifted to rural revitalization.").




n6  Rural Electrification Act of 1936, Pub. L. No. 74-605, 49 Stat. 1363
(codified as amended at 7 U.S.C.  § § 901-918c (2006)).




n7  COWAN, supra note 1, at 3.




n8  See id. at 1.




n9  See id.




n10  Id. at 2.




n11  Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act of 1972, Pub. L. No. 92-419, 86
Stat. 657 (codified as amended in scattered sections of 7 U.S.C.); COWAN, supra
note 1, at 2-3.




n12  COWAN, supra note 1, at 3.




n13  Id.




n14  Id.




n15  Rural Development Policy Act of 1980, Pub. L. No. 96-355, 94 Stat. 1171.




n16  COWAN, supra note 1, at 3.




n17  Id. at 6.




n18  Id.




n19  Federal Crop Insurance Reform and Department of Agriculture Reorganization
Act of 1994, Pub. L. No. 103-354, 108 Stat. 3178.




n20  COWAN, supra note 1, at 4.




n21  Rural Economic Development Act of 1990, Pub. L. No. 101-624, 104 Stat.
3979.




n22  COWAN, supra note 1, at 3-4.




n23  Id. at 5.




n24  Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, Pub. L. No. 107-171, 116
Stat. 134.




n25  COWAN, supra note 1, at 5.




n26  Id. at 6.




n27  See generally id. at 5 (describing the Federal Agriculture Improvement and
Reform Act of 1996 and the purpose of grants and loans for facilities, rural
research, economic development, and housing).




n28  Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, 122 Stat.
1651.




n29  See COWAN, supra note 1, at 6.




n30  Id.




n31  Id. (quoting Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 § 6018).




n32  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123
Stat. 115.




n33  COWAN, supra note 1, at 7.




n34  Reg'l Econ. Info. Sys., Total Full-Time and Part-Time Employment by SIC
Industry, BUREAU OF ECON. ANALYSIS,
http://www.bea.gov/regional/spi/default.cfm?selTable=SA25&sel Series=SIC (last
updated Mar. 23, 2011) (providing an interactive table for total employment by
industry for 1969).




n35  Reg'l Econ. Info. Sys., Total Full-Time and Part-Time Employment by NAICS
Industry, BUREAU OF ECON. ANALYSIS,
http://www.bea.gov/regional/spi/default.cfm?selTable=SA 25N&selSeries=NAICS
(last updated Mar. 23, 2011) (providing an interactive table for total
employment by industry for 2008).




n36  See COWAN, supra note 1.




n37  NAT'L AGRIC. STATISTICS SERV., USDA, AC-02-A-51, 2002 CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE
6 (2004) (percentage derived from dividing the number of those who listed
farming as their principle occupation (1,224,246) by the total number of U.S.
farms (2,128,902)).




n38  NAT'L AGRIC. STATISTICS SERV., USDA, AC-07-A-51, 2007 CENSUS OF AGRICULTURE
7 (2009) (percentage derived from dividing the number of those who listed
farming as their principle occupation (993,881) by the total number of U.S.
farms (2,204,792)).




n39  Kathleen Miller, The Importance of a Healthy Rural Economy, RURAL POLICY
RESEARCH INST., Feb. 2009, at 1, available at
http://www.rupri.org/Forms/RUPRIBrief21309.pdf.




n40  Id.




n41  Id. at 2.




n42  Id.




n43  Id.




n44  RANDY SCHNEPF, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R40152, U.S. FARM INCOME 15 (2010).




n45  See supra p. 38 fig.B.




n46  See infra p. 47 fig.C.




n47  Miller, supra note 39, at 2 (reflecting 2007 statistics even though the
report was published in 2009).




n48  Statistics obtained through RUPRI analysis of data from the Department of
Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Regional Economic Information System.




n49  USDA, BUDGET SUMMARY AND ANNUAL PERFORMANCE PLAN, FISCAL YEAR 2008, at
100-01 (2008), available at http://www.obpa.usda.gov/budsum/fy08budsum.pdf
[hereinafter FISCAL YEAR 2008]; USDA, BUDGET SUMMARY AND ANNUAL PERFORMANCE
PLAN, FISCAL YEAR 2009, at 91-92 (2009), available at
http://www.obpa.usda.gov/budsum/fy09budsum.pdf; USDA, BUDGET SUMMARY AND ANNUAL
PERFORMANCE PLAN, FISCAL YEAR 2010, at 109-10 (2010), available at
http://www.obpa.usda.gov/ budsum/FY10budsum.pdf; USDA, BUDGET SUMMARY AND ANNUAL
PERFORMANCE PLAN, FISCAL YEAR 2011, at 138-39 (2011), available at
http://www.obpa.usda.gov/budsum/FY11budsum.pdf.




n50  See, e.g., FISCAL YEAR 2008, supra note 49, at 100 (refer to FY 2006 and FY
2007 statistics).




n51  Memorandum from Peter R. Orszag et al., Office of Mgmt. & Budget, to the
Heads of Executive Departments & Agencies, M-09-28, at 1 (Aug. 11, 2009),
available at http://www. whitehouse.gov/omb/assets/memorandafy2009/m09-28.pdf.




n52  Id.




n53  Id. at 5.




n54  Id. at 5-6 (emphasis omitted).




n55  Charles W. Fluharty, Session III Keynote: The Impact of the Crisis on
Regional Actors and on the Governance of Regional Policy at the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Symposium on Regional Policy:
Innovation & Green Growth 3 (Dec. 2, 2009), available at
http://www.oecd.org/dataoecd/41/34/44305860.pdf.




n56  See id.




n57  Press Release, U.S. Small Bus. Admin., SBA Announces Funding Available to
Support Regional Clusters, Job Creation (June 22, 2010), available at
http://www.sbaonline.sba.gov/idc/groups/public/documents/sbahomepage/newsrelease
10-36.pdf.




n58  Regional Innovation Clusters, U.S. ECON. DEV. ADMIN.,
http://www.eda.gov/About EDA/RIC/ (last visited May 23, 2011).




n59  Press Release, U.S. Dep't of Energy, Obama Administration Launches $ 130
Million Building Energy Efficiency Effort (Feb. 12, 2010), available at
http://www.energy.gov/news/8637. htm.




n60  See id.




n61  Urban Policy Working Group, OFFICE OF URBAN AFFAIRS, http://www.whitehouse.
gov/administration/eop/oua/initiatives/working-groups (last visited May 23,
2011).




n62  Id.




n63  CHARLES W. FLUHARTY & KATHLEEN K. MILLER, RURAL POLICY RESEARCH INST.,
REGIONAL INNOVATION POLICY: APPROACHES WHICH ENSURE A COMMITMENT TO THE RURAL
-URBAN CONTINUUM 16 (2010), available at
http://www.rupri.org/Forms/FluhartyKCFedSept10. pdf.




n64  Id. at 17.




n65  Id.




n66  Id.




n67  See id.




n68  FLUHARTY & MILLER, supra note 63, at 17.




n69  Id. at 17-18 (quoting Press Release, Rosa L. DeLauro, Chairwoman, DeLauro
on the Subcommittee Markup of the Fiscal Year 2011 Agriculture, Rural
Development, FDA Appropriations Bill (June 30, 2010), available at
http://www.delauro.house.gov/release.cfm?id=2860).




n70  Id. at 19.




n71  Table created by RUPRI using 2000 Census Bureau and 2005 Office of
Management and Budget Metropolitan and Non-Metropolitan Classifications.




n72  Census 2000 Urban and Rural Classification, U.S. CENSUS BUREAU,
http://www.cen sus.gov/geo/www/ua/ua2k.html (last visited May 23, 2011).




n73  See, e.g., supra p. 45 tbl.1.




n74  Kathy Miller, Urban/Rural Areas and CBSAs (Rural Policy Research Inst.,
Internal Working Paper, 2006), available at http://www.rupri.org/Forms/WP2.pdf.




n75  Office of Planning, Environment, & Realty (HEP), Census 2000 Population
Statistics, FED. HIGHWAY ADMIN.,
http://www.fhwa.dot.gov/planning/censusissues/metropolitanplan ning/cps2k.cfm
(last modified May 5, 2011).




n76  FLUHARTY & MILLER, supra note 63, at 5.




n77  Population Estimates: Metropolitan and Micropolitan Statistical Area
Estimates, U.S. CENSUS BUREAU (2008),
http://www.census.gov/popest/metro/CBSA-est2008-CBSAstatus. html [hereinafter
Population Estimates].




n78  FLUHARTY & MILLER, supra note 63, at 6.




n79  Id.




n80  Id. at 9.




n81  Id.




n82  Id.




n83  Id. at 22-23.




n84  Population Estimates, supra note 77.




n85  FLUHARTY & MILLER, supra note 63, at 9.




n86  Hearing to Review the Various Definitions of Rural Applied Under Programs
Operated by the USDA: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Rural Dev., Research,
Biotechnology and Foreign Agric. of the H. Comm. on Agric., 112th Cong. 102
(2011) (statement of Charles W. Fluharty, President & CEO, Rural Policy Research
Inst.) [hereinafter Hearing to Review the Various Definitions of Rural].




n87  Elizabeth McNichol et al., Recession Continues to Batter State Budgets;
State Responses Could Slow Recovery, INVESTORSINSIGHT.COM (Aug. 16, 2010, 4:53
PM),
http://www.investorsinsight.com/blogs/johnmauldinsoutsidethebox/archive/2010/08/
16/recession-continues-to-batter-state-budgets-state-responses-could-slow-recove
ry.aspx (citation omitted) (citing information from a Dec. 18, 2009 report and
updated for FY 2012 in ELIZABETH MCNICHOL ET AL., CTR. ON BUDGET & POLICY
PRIORITIES, STATES CONTINUE TO FEEL RECESSION'S IMPACT (2011), available at
http://www.cbpp.org/files/9-8-08sfp.pdf).




n88  CHRISTOPHER W. HOENE & JACQUELINE J. BYERS, LOCAL GOVERNMENTS CUTTING JOBS
AND SERVICES: JOB LOSSES PROJECTED TO APPROACH 500,000, at 1 (2010),
http://www.cal
culatedriskblog.com/2010/07/survey-local-government-job-losses.html (citation
omitted).




n89  Id.




n90  Id. at 2.




n91  Alison Felix & Jason Henderson, Fed. Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Rural
America's Fiscal Challenge, THE MAIN STREET ECONOMIST, 2010, at 1, 2.




n92  Hearing to Review the Various Definitions of Rural, supra note 86.




n93  Graph created by RUPRI based upon data in the Economic Research Service,
USDA Federal Funds Data Set.




n94  Id. Data extrapolated from the U.S. Census Bureau Consolidated Federal
Funds Reports from 2004-2009. See, e.g., U.S. CENSUS BUREAU, U.S. DEP'T OF
COMMERCE, CONSOLIDATED FEDERAL FUNDS REPORT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2009, at 33-75
tbl.15 (2009), available at http://www.census.gov/prod/2010pubs/cffr-09.pdf.




n95  See infra p. 56 fig.G.




n96  See infra p. 55 fig.F.




n97  Graph created by RUPRI based upon data in the Economic Research Service,
USDA Federal Funds Data Set.




n98  Graph created by RUPRI using the Bureau of Economic Analysis, Regional
Economic Information System Data Set, regarding Sources of Personal Income.




n99  NAT'L COMM. FOR RESPONSIVE PHILANTHROPY, BEYOND CITY LIMITS: THE
PHILANTHROPIC NEEDS OF RURAL AMERICA 5 (2004), available at
http://www.ncrp.org/files/Bey ondCityLimits.pdf.




n100  Id.




n101  Id. at 7.




n102  See id.




n103  Id. at 18.




n104  Id.




n105  Id.




n106  Rick Cohen, Grants for Rural Development in Decline, DAILY YONDER, Feb.
23, 2011, http://www.dailyyonder.com/grants-rural
-development-decline/2011/02/20/3189.




n107  See NPQ's Staff, THE NONPROFIT QUARTERLY,
http://www.nonprofitquarterly.org/index.php?option=comcontent&view=article&id=10
136&Itemid=1121 (last visited May 23, 2011).




n108  Cohen, supra note 106.




n109  Id.




n110  Id.




n111  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, GAO-11-318SP, OPPORTUNITIES TO REDUCE
POTENTIAL DUPLICATION IN GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS, SAVE TAX DOLLARS, AND ENHANCE
REVENUE 1 (2011).




n112  See id. at 42.




n113  Id. at 42-43.




n114  Id. at 43, 45.




n115  Id. at 46.




n116  Id.




n117  See id. at 43.




n118  Supplemental Questions for the Record to: Mr. Charles W. Fluharty,
President and CEO, Rural Policy Research Inst., Hearing to Review the Various
Definitions of Rural Applied Under Programs Operated by the USDA: Hearing Before
the Subcomm. on Rural Dev., Research, Biotechnology and Foreign Agric. of the H.
Comm. on Agric., 112th Cong. (2011),
http://www.rupri.org/Forms/FluhartySupplementalQuestionsFeb2011.pdf.




n119  See generally Hearing to Review USDA Rural Development Programs and the
Agency's Rural Development Proposal for the 2007 Farm Bill: Hearing Before the
Subcomm. on Specialty Crops, Rural Dev. and Foreign Agric. of the H. Comm. on
Agric., 110th Cong. 41 (2007) (statement of Charles W. Fluharty, President,
Rural Policy Research Inst.).




n120  Id. at 56-58.




n121  Id. at 60.


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

West Virginia: WVU Reed College of Media receives Benedum grant for community
branding efforts

LENGTH: 329  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia University, The state of West Virginia has issued the following
news release:

The West Virginia University Reed College of Media recently received a grant
from the Claude Worthington Benedum foundation to launch a new project aimed at
revitalizing West Virginia communities. The grant, worth $130,000, will assemble
strategic expertise from the College of Media and other partners to provide
full-service, integrated branding efforts for West Virginia communities.

It will begin with three pilot projects, including the 2014 "Turn This Town
Around" contest winners, Matewan and Grafton, and the 2015 winner, Ripley.
Students and faculty will work with community leaders to develop a brand
identity and creative strategy, with an integrated marketing communications
campaign and a community branding tool-kit.

"Turn This Town Around" is a joint effort between the West Virginia Community
Development Hub, West Virginia Focus magazine and West Virginia Public
Broadcasting to help revitalize towns in the state through facilitated projects
and planning.

Dean Maryanne Reed says this project will give students valuable hands-on
experience working with community members and regional leaders to help raise
awareness of and promote each community's unique story and marketable
attributes.

"This project builds on our College's longstanding commitment to empowering
rural communities through digital and media tools and strategies," said Reed.
"It will also be a key program housed in our new Media Innovation Center to open
later this year."

In addition to providing community-driven integrated communications branding
work, the community branding initiative will house and distribute research
results, case studies, templates, training materials, and lessons learned from
individual campaigns as resources for rural communities both state- and
nation-wide.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Udall, Heinrich Announce More Than $1 Million in Funding to Promote Agriculture
Marketing in New Mexico

LENGTH: 846  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich announced $538,279 in funding
to New Mexico organizations to help farmers and ranchers develop new market
opportunities for their products. The grants, provided through U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Farmers Marketing and Local Food Promotion Program (FMLFPP),
will support a wide array of local projects designed to bolster economic
opportunities for family farmers, support rural communities and increase access
to fresh, healthy food. Udall and Heinrich also announced that New Mexico State
University will receive $499,191 under the Organic Research and Extension
Initiative (OREI) to improve competitiveness of organic livestock and crop
producers.

Seven New Mexico organizations will receive up to $100,000 each in FMLFPP grants
to support various initiatives to increase awareness and availability of
locally-sourced agricultural products. For example, Delicious New Mexico (Rio
Grande Community Development Corporation) will receive $100,000 to provide
outreach, marketing, training and technical assistance to improve and expand the
Española Food Hub into an incubation hub for Northern New Mexico food
businesses. The Pueblo of Pojoaque will receive $44,616 for promotional
activities, expanded services and season and vendor recruitment to grow the
Pojoaque Farmers Market.

"Farmers markets and food hubs benefit New Mexican communities by expanding
opportunities for local farmers and ranchers while providing residents with the
option to purchase locally-grown, healthy food," Udall said. "This funding will
help ensure that family farmers can continue to strengthen their marketing
efforts to provide all residents with access to nutritious food, as well as to
expand into the growing organic marketplace.  Every dollar spent at a farmers
market or food hub is multiplied several times over in the local community, and
this means local dollars supporting local foods and growing local economies."

"Connecting our communities to their local farmers and produce markets increases
options for families to purchase healthy, locally-grown food, and it helps boost
the economy at the same time," Heinrich said. "Through investments in marketing
outreach and training, small family farmers and ranchers -- especially in our
rural and tribal communities -- will have the tools necessary to attract more
business while providing fresh food options to New Mexicans.  I will continue to
support these important investment programs that help our local agriculture
industry to succeed."

The 2014 Farm Bill, which Udall and Heinrich both strongly supported, created
the OREI grant program to help producers and processors grow and market
high-quality organic agricultural products. The Farm Bill also tripled funding
for marketing and promotion support for local food enterprises by creating the
FMLFPP, which makes funding available annually to farmers markets, other direct
producer-to-consumer venues, and other businesses in the local food supply
chain. The local food portion of the FMFPP provides marketing and promotion
grants for local food enterprises including food hubs, local food processors,
and aggregation services. The farmers marketing portion of the program provides
marketing and promotion grants for farmers markets, roadside stands,
community-supported agriculture programs and other direct producer-to-consumer
outlets for local food.

The 2014 FMLFPP funding is as follows:

Delicious New Mexico (Albuquerque) will receive $100,000 provide outreach,
marketing, training and technical assistance to improve and expand the Española
Food Hub into an incubation hub for Northern New Mexico food businesses.
    Santa Fe Community Foundation will receive $100,000 to expand a local,
healthy food procurement program to low-income and low-access communities that
will improve the capacity of Pueblo agricultural producers through
farm-to-market training.
    The National Center for Frontier Communities will receive $25,000 to the
National Center for Frontier Communities to assess the feasibility of a regional
food hub in Silver City to support a more self-sufficient local food economy in
southwestern New Mexico.
    The Santa Fe Farmers' Market Institute will receive $91,604 to establish an
advertising campaign to promote the market and Federal benefits redemption at
the South Side Summer Market, and provide technical assistance and professional
training to vendors.
    The Pueblo of Pojoaque will receive $44,616 for promotional activities,
expanded services and season and vendor recruitment to grow the Pojoaque Farmers
Market.
    The Pinyon Foundation (Santa Fe) will receive $100,000 to produce and
implement Spanish language multimedia campaigns promoting farmers' markets
nationwide.
    The New Mexico Farmers Marketing Association will receive $77,059 to promote
SNAP redemption at farmer

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                October 03, 2013

FG, W'Bank Micro Projects Gulp N28.7 Billion

BYLINE: Onyebuchi Ezigbo

LENGTH: 432 words


The federal government has revealed that it has spent over N28.72 billion in the
execution of micro-projects, under a joint partnership programme with the World
Bank and twenty six state governments in the country.

The National Coordinator of the Federal Support Unit, an arm of the Presidency
supervising the implementation of the scheme, Mr. Chidi Onuoha, while giving a
recent update on the performance of the development initiative in Abuja, said
about 5,464 community-driven projects have been completed since the inception of
the programme in 2009.

He listed some of the benefiting states to include, Kogi, Benue, Imo, Abia,
Ebonyi, Enugu, Cross River, Akwa Ibom, Edo, Bauchi Adamawa, Ekiti, Kwara and
Ondo.

Onuoha said the projects were executed based on eight sectoral interventions,
including education, water supply, transport, health, rural electrification,
socio-economic, gender and vulnerability, and environment.

For instance, he said there has been improvement in the new school children
enrollment figures up to about 49, 057, while about 77.52 per cent of community
members now have access to good drinking water.

In the area of healthcare, Onuoha said the more than 1015 micro projects in the
sector have succeeded in ameliorating the health problems facing some of the
Nigerians attending ante-natal and post-natal clinics.

Under its rural electrification intervention programme, he explained that 98,751
households have been connected to electricity, while an estimated 3,312 new
small scale businesses have sprung up.

Under the project financing agreement, the scheme was estimated to gulp a total
of $380 million with a combined grant $200 million from the International Donor
Agencies (IDA), and while the federal government provides $5 million as
operating costs, states and local councils are expected to provide $100 million
and $50 million respectively as counterpart funding.

According to Onuoha, the micro project initiative had received a start-off fund
of $200 million from the World Bank, and it has since committed 98 per cent of
the amount as part of the Bank's counterpart funding of the various community
development projects in the participating 26 states. Also as at June this year,
contribution from the 26 states is N5.8 billion out of the expected N13 billion
counterpart funding obligation.

While expressing the need for additional funding from World Bank, federal
government and the affected states, the Project Coordinator said it is on record
that the micro project initiative has resulted in the improvement of the living
standards of the community dwellers.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                              July 7, 2006 Friday

USAID AWARDS MNH GRANT TO 8 NGOS

LENGTH: 442 words


ISLAMABAD: More than 130,000 mothers, newborns and their families in rural areas
of Jehlum and Rawalpindi Districts of the Punjab will soon be better prepared to
cope with pregnancy emergencies. The United States Agency for International
Development (USAID) through the Pakistan Initiative for Mothers and Newborns
(PAIMAN) Project has just funded eight (8) non-governmental organizations (NGOs)
to help rural communities organize connections to health services needed by
mothers and their babies, including emergency transportation.

Raja Mohammad Javed Ikhlas, Nazim of Rawalpindi District was the chief guest at
a ceremony to award grants to Bunyad Development Foundation, Friends Foundation,
Jahandad Society for Community Development (JSCD), Khair Un Nass Jada Jehlum,
Maternity and Child Welfare Association of Pakistan, National Rural Support
programme (NRSP), Tanzeem-e-Amal Jehlum, and the United Christian Organization.

USAID/Pakistan Mission Director Jonathan Addle ton joined District Nazim Javed
Ikhlas in congratulating the eight NGO representatives on their success in
competitively obtaining their awards. Delivering his remarks in Urdu, Mr. Addle
ton stated that "mother and newborn welfare is a shared responsibility between
families, communities and government. The role of NGOs is critical in reaching
out to communities because NGOs set up the links that help women and babies get
the health care they need."

PAIMAN is a five-year, USAID-funded project whose goal is to improve the health
of mothers and babies throughout Pakistan and reduce needless deaths. The
project, which is working in Pakistan's four provinces, focuses on 10 designated
districts, including Jehlum and Rawalpindi in the Punjab. The PAIMAN effort will
ultimately reach more than 2.5 million families and their newborns through
community education, updated training of public and private health care
providers and renovations and new equipment in rural health centres, and tehsil
and district level hospitals.

The eight NGOs will work with religious leaders, birth attendants (dais),
volunteers, and health workers to alert families to the common emergencies that
can occur during pregnancy, childbirth and immediately after, and to devise
community plans to handle such problems. The United States, through USAID, is
providing more than $1.5 billion in development assistance to Pakistan over the
next five years to improve education, health, governance and economic growth. In
addition, the United States has pledged a total of $510 million in earthquake
relief and reconstruction efforts to assist the people of Pakistan and to
support Pakistani government efforts

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Domestic Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2006 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Senator Shaheen, Governor Hassan Announce Five New Hampshire Projects to Receive
Northern Border Regional Commission Grant

LENGTH: 718  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Jeanne Shaheen, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Governor Maggie Hassan and U.S. Senator Jeanne Shaheen today announced that five
New Hampshire projects will receive grant funding from the Northern Border
Regional Commission to help spur economic and community development in the North
Country.

Totaling $968,365, the five grants will be awarded to the Women's Rural
Entrepreneurial Network (WREN), the Town of Littleton, the Coos Economic
Development Council, the Northern Community Investment Corporation (NCIC) and
the University of New Hampshire Broadband Mapping and Planning Program.

"The Northern Border Regional Commission is an important regional collaboration
and federal-state partnership that helps spur economic and community development
in some of our most economically distressed areas," Governor Hassan said. "These
five projects will address infrastructure and transportation needs and promote
business development across the North Country, creating jobs and strengthening
our economy. I thank Senator Shaheen, the Northern Border Regional Commission
and our regional partners in Maine, New York and Vermont for their efforts to
help make this important investment in our people, businesses and communities a
reality."

"Today's announcement is great news for jobs and the economy in northern New
Hampshire," Senator Shaheen said. "These five projects will support small
business growth while addressing important infrastructure needs that are crucial
for economic development in the North Country. I am hopeful that with the
support of this grant, we will see a rejuvenation of North Country communities
and businesses that have faced significant economic challenges."

"This is great news for the North Country," state Senator Jeff Woodburn said.
"Each of these projects will in their own way contribute to revitalizing our
economy, improving life for people and our business community.  I'm grateful to
the persistent leadership of these organizations who applied for these grants
and work tirelessly to improve our communities, and our national, regional and
state officials who advocated so strongly for us."

WREN will receive a $161,670 grant to create an entrepreneurial training center
and "maker space" to serve more than an estimated 75 emerging and existing
entrepreneurs.

The Town of Littleton will receive $250,000 to support a Main Street
revitalization project, with two businesses already saying they plan to expand
once the project is completed. Littleton will construct a multi-use bridge over
the Ammonoosuc River, which will connect pedestrians, bicycles and off-road
vehicles with downtown and the riverfront.

The Coos Economic Development Council will receive a $250,000 grant to construct
a new cell tower on Cummings Mountain in West Dummer, a strategic connection
that will provide service in unserved areas of Coos County, encouraging business
development and enhancing emergency communications.

The NCIC will receive a $200,000 grant to expand and improve the NH Grand
website, an important visitor information portal for Coos County.  NH Grand
supports tourism marketing initiatives, and the funding will be used to
incorporate new features on the website, including search engine optimization,
multi-lingual accessibility, mapping and teletype, as well as a booking system
and marketing opportunities via search engine sponsorships.

The University of New Hampshire Broadband Mapping and Planning Program will
receive a $106,695 grant to extend and enhance its broadband availability and
mapping activities to the rural addresses of Coos County. The project will
provide data about service availability in unserved and underserved areas in the
region, which will be used to prioritize where investment should be focused to
expand broadband access and to provide information to people and businesses
considering relocating to the region.

The NBRC was created as a federal-state partnership approved in the 2008 Farm
Bill, with a mission to address the economic and community development needs in
economically distressed communities in the Northern Forest region, which
includes New Hampshire, Maine, Vermont and New York.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

Mayor downplays numbers in preliminary water application

BYLINE: Robin Fornoff, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words


Aug. 27--A preliminary application for a $4.1 million federal water conservation
grant claims the Ogallala Aquifer could be drained in 10 to 15 years at the
current rate of consumption.

The dire warning along with others in the preliminary application, however, is
being downplayed by Clovis Mayor David Lansford, who is leading the effort to
secure the federal money.

"I know that based on subjective analysis you're going to get a variety of
opinions on that," Lansford said Tuesday. "I have doubts about that number ... I
think that is not necessarily the case."

The aquifer is the only source of drinking water for most communities across
eastern New Mexico, including Clovis and Portales. Lansford's water conservation
initiative proposes using federal grant money to pay area farmers to switch from
irrigation to dryland farming during the fiscal years 2015-2019.

Various state and federal agencies estimate 90 to 93 percent of water taken from
the aquifer is used for agricultural irrigation.

The prediction the aquifer could be drained in a decade is contained in a
preliminary application for USDA grant money by the effort Lansford leads, the
New Mexico Ogallala Preservation & Conservation Initiative. The preliminary
application also notes, "Failure to address dewatering the local aquifer will
devastate local real property values, create high unemployment rates, displace
citizens and potentially cause Cannon (Air Force Base) to relocate."

The document goes on to say, "The loss of U.S. military capital improvements may
exceed ($1 billion.) The local economy could potentially shrink to half its
current size if the Ogallala Aquifer is not conserved."

Lansford said he wasn't sure who was responsible for the information but he had
serious doubts about the prediction concerning the aquifer being drained in a
decade. Lansford said the application was prepared by the New Mexico Association
of Conservation Districts (NMACD).

Debbie Hughes, executive director of the association, didn't immediately respond
to a phone call.

Lansford told Curry County commissioners on Aug. 19 the initiative had already
secured approval to apply for the grant after their preliminary application was
selected from among many others seeking the money. The final grant application
must be submitted to the USDA by Oct. 2, according to Claire Burroughes, Clovis'
legislative and community development director.

Curry County commissioners endorsed the effort by resolution after Lansford told
them it would bolster the initiative's chances of securing the USDA grant.

Also at Lansford's urging, the Clovis City Commission recently approved using
$1.8 million in economic development money to purchase water rights from a local
farmer J.L. Wall to help ensure a future water supply at Cannon AFB. Wall's 930
acres near Cannon are in the area being targeted by the initiative to pay
farmers up to $300 an acre to switch to dryland farming.

Lansford said there is no disputing agriculture uses the majority of water in
the aquifer for irrigation. He said Clovis and other communities have spent a
combined total of about $50 million in recent years on water conservation
measures "but we're conserving only 5 to 10 percent of the water being used.

"This is a step toward real conservation," said Lansford, "where you actually
convert irrigated agriculture ... to dryland farms."

___ (c)2014 the Clovis News Journal (Clovis, N.M.) Visit the Clovis News Journal
(Clovis, N.M.) at www.cnjonline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140827-CJ-Mayor-downplays-numbers-in-preliminary-water-application-0827-201408
27

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2014 Clovis News Journal


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                October 1, 2016

Community Development Banks Are Gaining Momentum;
A rising number of banks are looking to become community development financial
institutions, emboldened by low-cost capital and an exemption from the ATR rule.

BYLINE: Allison Prang

SECTION: COMPLIANCE &REGULATION; Pg. 14 Vol. 41 No. 2

LENGTH: 744  words


The number of community development banks is rising at a time when the ranks of
other financial institutions are shrinking.

The special-purpose banks - a subset of community development financial
institutions - serve low- and moderate-income communities. By becoming CDFIs,
banks - along with credit unions and other types of lenders - can apply for
certain funding from the Treasury Department and other agencies.

While such institutions have existed since the 1990s, their numbers have
exploded since the financial crisis. Almost three-quarters of the nation's
community development banks have been certified since 2010 - reaching 123
institutions in July - as word about the program has spread and certain
regulations have been relaxed.

For starters, the Treasury's Community Development Capital Initiative program
provided CDFIs with low-cost capital after the crisis. In 2013, CDFIs were
exempted from the ability-to-repay mortgage underwriting rule, helping spur more
than 50 banks to join the program.

The ability-to-repay exemption "sparked yet another wave of interest," said
Jeannine Jacokes, president of the Community Development Bankers Association.

"I think it basically got the attention of folks...that were always eligible
anyways."

The fact that certain Treasury programs, such as the CDFI Fund, have been around
for nearly two decades - and that the pool of funds has increased - has also
helped give more banks confidence to pursue certification, Jacokes said.

Some of the banks that have recently been certified have been around for years,
including Bank of Rio Vista. The California bank, which applied to become a CDFI
earlier this year, has been around for more than a century.

"Quite frankly, I've been at this bank for four years now, and I didn't know
anything about" the program, said Dave Greiner, the $208 million-asset bank's
chief executive. "A couple of banker friends...were telling me about it and it
just fits us like a glove."

First Southwest Bank became a CDFI after the financial crisis, in part, to
distinguish itself from other banks, said Kent Curtis, the Alamosa, Colo.,
bank's chief executive. The $262 million-asset bank became a CDFI several months
after the Federal Reserve Board released its parent company from a written
agreement.

"I really felt strongly that we needed to find a differentiator...to succeed in
today's banking world - or what was going to become today's banking world,"
Curtis said, noting that First Southwest was already working with underserved
markets.

Becoming a CDFI also allows First Southwest to tap into various Treasury grants
and other assistance, along with opportunities to participate in the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's rural development programs, Curtis added.

Banks aren't the only institutions taking advantage of CDFI certification.

Credit unions have been flocking to the National Credit Union Administration's
low-income designation, as well as the Treasury's CDFI certification. Those
institutions are eager to benefit from access to special grants, as well as
relief from certain regulations - including access to secondary capital and an
exemption from the cap on member-business loans.

The NCUA and Treasury signed an agreement earlier this year to streamline the
application process that allows low-income credit unions to earn CDFI status. In
January, the agencies said they hope to double the number of CDFI-certified
credit unions by the end of this year. Word of mouth has also spurred more
interest in the CDFI certification.

Andy Anderson, chief executive at Bank of Anguilla in Mississippi, heard about
the program from the chairman of another bank.

"We were already a CDFI with what we were doing, we just weren't certified,"
Anderson said.

The $135 million-asset bank has received $710,000 from the Treasury's CDFI Fund
since it qualified to become a CDFI in 2013.

Anderson, for his part, said the program hasn't been appropriately showcased. "I
don't think it has been well publicized, or I don't think it has been pushed by
the Treasury," he added.

The Treasury regularly engages with CDFI stakeholders, industry associations,
regulators, the press and the general public to promote the program, an agency
spokesman said. Program information is also emailed and is available online, he
said.

Jacokes, however, said the Treasury doesn't "have a lot of resources" to promote
the program. Then again, she said the program is receiving plenty of interest
even with limited advertising.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            nationalmortgagenews.com

                               September 9, 2016

Community Development Banks Gain Momentum as Overall Bank Count Shrinks

BYLINE: Allison Prang

SECTION: COMPLIANCE & REGULATION Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 771  words


The number of community development banks is rising at a time when the ranks of
other financial institutions are shrinking.

The special-purpose banks - a subset of community development financial
institutions - serve low- and moderate-income communities. By becoming CDFIs,
banks - along with credit unions and other types of lenders - can apply for
certain funding from the Treasury Department and other agencies.

While such institutions have existed since the 1990s, their numbers have
exploded since the financial crisis. Almost three-quarters of the nation's
community development banks have been certified since 2010 - reaching 123
institutions in July - as word about the program has spread and certain
regulations have been relaxed.

For starters, the Treasury's Community Development Capital Initiative program
provided CDFIs with low-cost capital after the crisis. In 2013, CDFIs were
exempted from the ability-to-repay mortgage underwriting rule, helping spur more
than 50 banks to join the program.

The ability-to-repay exemption "sparked yet another wave of interest," said
Jeannine Jacokes, president of the Community Development Bankers Association. "I
think it basically got the attention of folks"that were always eligible
anyways."

The fact that certain Treasury programs, such as the CDFI Fund, have been around
for nearly two decades - and that the pool of funds has increased - has also
helped give more banks confidence to pursue certification, Jacokes said.

Some of the banks that have recently been certified have been around for years,
including Bank of Rio Vista. The California bank, which applied to become a CDFI
earlier this year, has been around for more than a century.

"Quite frankly, I've been at this bank for four years now, and I didn't know
anything about" the program, said Dave Greiner, the $208 million-asset bank's
chief executive. "A couple of banker friends"were telling me about it and it
just fits us like a glove."

First Southwest Bank became a CDFI after the financial crisis, in part, to
distinguish itself from other banks, said Kent Curtis, the Alamosa, Colo.,
bank's chief executive. The $262 million-asset bank became a CDFI several months
after the Federal Reserve Board released its parent company from a written
agreement.

"I really felt strongly that we needed to find a differentiator"to succeed in
today's banking world - or what was going to become today's banking world,"
Curtis said, noting that First Southwest was already working with underserved
markets.

Becoming a CDFI also allows First Southwest to tap into various Treasury grants
and other assistance, along with opportunities to participate in the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's rural development programs, Curtis added.

Banks aren't the only institutions taking advantage of CDFI certification.

Credit unions have been flocking to the National Credit Union Administration's
low-income designation, as well as the Treasury's CDFI certification. Those
institutions are eager to benefit from access to special grants, as well as
relief from certain regulations - including access to secondary capital and an
exemption from the cap on member-business loans.

The NCUA and Treasury signed an agreement earlier this year to streamline the
application process that allows low-income credit unions to earn CDFI status. In
January, the agencies said they hope to double the number of CDFI-certified
credit unions by the end of this year.

Word of mouth has also spurred more interest in the CDFI certification.

Andy Anderson, chief executive at Bank of Anguilla in Mississippi, heard about
the program from the chairman of another bank. "We were already a CDFI with what
we were doing, we just weren't certified," Anderson said.

The $135 million-asset bank has received $710,000 from the Treasury's CDFI Fund
since it qualified to become a CDFI in 2013.

Anderson, for his part, said the program hasn't been appropriately showcased. "I
don't think it has been well publicized, or I don't think it has been pushed by
the Treasury," he said.

The Treasury regularly engages with CDFI stakeholders, industry associations,
regulators, the press and the general public to promote the program, an agency
spokesman said. Program information is also emailed and is available online, he
said.

Jacokes, however, said the Treasury doesn't "have a lot of resources" to promote
the program. Then again, she said the program is receiving plenty of interest
even with limited advertising.

"They've always been so dramatically oversubscribed," Jacokes said. "It's not
like they needed to drum up demand or anything."

Lisa Freeman contributed to this report.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 31, 2010 Sunday

Bank of America Extends $25.9 Billion in Loans to Small and Medium-Sized
Businesses in Third Quarter of 2010

LENGTH: 438  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 31 -- As part of its support of small and medium-sized businesses
and their role in job creation, Bank of America today announced that it loaned
$25.9 billion to these businesses in the third quarter of 2010.

In the first nine months of 2010, the bank loaned a total of $71.2 billion to
small and medium-sized businesses - those with less than $50 million in annual
revenues. That amount represents an increase of $12.6 billion over the same
period last year.

Last December, Bank of America pledged to increase lending to small and
medium-sized businesses by $5 billion in 2010. The company loaned $81.4 billion
to those businesses in 2009.

"In this challenging economy, small and medium-sized businesses are vital to the
nation's ongoing recovery. Without their help, creating new jobs will continue
to be a challenge," said David Darnell, president of Global Commercial Banking
for Bank of America. "While we continue trying to make every good loan we can,
demand for new credit among smaller businesses remains limited. Business owners
instead have told us their greatest need is more demand for their goods and
services."

In addition to lending, Bank of America has launched several initiatives to help
small businesses. Earlier this month, the bank announced it will hire more than
1,000 small business bankers by early 2012. The bank also has pledged to
increase its spending with small, medium-sized and diverse businesses by
purchasing $10 billion in products and services from those suppliers over the
next five years.

Bank of America this summer launched a $10 million grant program for Community
Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and other nonprofit lenders, aimed at
unlocking $100 million in low-cost, long-term capital for small and rural
businesses. As of September 30, the bank had awarded $3.7 million in grants that
allowed CDFIs to access nearly $27.5 million in lending capital. Bank of America
is the nation's largest lender to CDFIs, with more than $1 billion in loans and
investments to 120 CDFIs in 37 states.

Next week, Bank of America will release its Lending and Investing Initiative
report for the third quarter of 2010, which outlines the credit extended in
areas critical to the nation's economic recovery. In addition to small business
lending, the report will detail residential mortgage activity, home loan
modifications, commercial and corporate lending, and financing to CDFIs.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Forfar Dispatch

                            July 18, 2012 Wednesday

Grants are available to suit all in Angus

LENGTH: 701  words


ANGUS Council has reminded local community groups, clubs and organisations that
there is a wealth of funding available to them.

A network has recently been launched to provide event organisers in Angus with a
means of communicating with each other, sharing ideas and experiences and
improving the running of their events.

The Events Organisers Network (EON) has made a one-stop approach to event
organisation possible. Organisers are now eqipped with a toolkit to help with
planning which in the long-run could help boost tourism within the county.

The EON came about following feedback from a number of training sessions which
were held for local community groups.

It is anticipated that a website for the initiative will shortly be up and
running.

Groups are also able to take advantage of the www.angus4community.com website
which gives users the chance to find out details of up and coming events and
search for funding.

Meanwhile there is a huge variety of different grants available.

In the arts' sector, The Michael Tippett Musical Foundation provides funding for
the development of group music-making, especially for young people. Grants are
awarded in the region of £500 to £4,000 on a one-off basis.

Churches throughout the county can make use of the William and Jane Morris Fund.
Grants from the fund are available to conserve and protect churches, chapels and
other places of worship in the UK. However, only buildings erected before 1896
are eligible. Repairs to bells or organs, alteration of decoration of buildings,
electrical rewiring and the repair or installation of central heating systems
are excluded.

Community groups have a whole host of grants to apply for.

The People's Postcode Trust provide grants to prevent poverty, improve health,
promote community development, advance participation in sport, promote human
rights and environmental protection. Funding is available between £500 and
£10,000.

The Scottish Land Fund supports rural communities with populations of under
10,000. It aims to help these communities become more resilient and sustainable
through the management and ownership of land and land assests. It also provides
practical support and funding. Grants of between £10,000 and £75,000 are
available for up to two years although larger grants may be available in
exceptional circumstances.

Community Spaces Scotland provides funding to make communcal spaces happier
places to be. Funding is available up to £250,000 but it is specifically
targeted to particular geographical areas. You can check the availability of
your area by typing in the postcode at
www.biglotteryfund.org.uk/prog_community_spaces_scotland

The Co-operative Membership Fund provides grants of between £100 and £2,000 to
help with equipment to event costs for your group.

Hilton in the Community funds projects that help disadvantaged children and
young people under 25. Grants are awarded up to £30,000 a year.

The Moffat Trust helps charities involved in care, education, sport, young
people and communities. One-off awards of £4,000 are available but grants of up
to £6,000 can be awarded and split over three years.

In the health sector, Cash4communities makes funds available to enhance the
local environment and promote community spirit and pride. The fund is always
looking for new and inventive ways to help local communities. Grants can be
awarded anywhere in the region of £500 to £35,000.

Schools can take advantage of grants such as Funding for Schools to Purchase
Musical Equipment and the Talking Science grants scheme.

Youth groups also have a number of funding opportunities available to them.
These include the Social Enterprise and Third Sector Challenge Fun, the Volant
Charitable Trust and Youth in Action.

For those looking to gain new skills in fundraising, there are a number of
bodies that are willing to help out.

These include Fundraising Training, SCVO in Edinburgh and Training at Dundee
Voluntary Action. A number of sessions are available at both of these
initiatives in the coming months.

If you want more information about any of these grants, funding ot training
opportunities call the Angus Council external funding team on 01307 473221/2 or
e-mail externalfunding@angus.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SAFD


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Kirriemuir Herald

                            July 18, 2012 Wednesday

Grants are available to suit all in Angus

LENGTH: 701  words


ANGUS Council has reminded local community groups, clubs and organisations that
there is a wealth of funding available to them.

A network has recently been launched to provide event organisers in Angus with a
means of communicating with each other, sharing ideas and experiences and
improving the running of their events.

The Events Organisers Network (EON) has made a one-stop approach to event
organisation possible. Organisers are now eqipped with a toolkit to help with
planning which in the long-run could help boost tourism within the county.

The EON came about following feedback from a number of training sessions which
were held for local community groups.

It is anticipated that a website for the initiative will shortly be up and
running.

Groups are also able to take advantage of the www.angus4community.com website
which gives users the chance to find out details of up and coming events and
search for funding.

Meanwhile there is a huge variety of different grants available.

In the arts' sector, The Michael Tippett Musical Foundation provides funding for
the development of group music-making, especially for young people. Grants are
awarded in the region of £500 to £4,000 on a one-off basis.

Churches throughout the county can make use of the William and Jane Morris Fund.
Grants from the fund are available to conserve and protect churches, chapels and
other places of worship in the UK. However, only buildings erected before 1896
are eligible. Repairs to bells or organs, alteration of decoration of buildings,
electrical rewiring and the repair or installation of central heating systems
are excluded.

Community groups have a whole host of grants to apply for.

The People's Postcode Trust provide grants to prevent poverty, improve health,
promote community development, advance participation in sport, promote human
rights and environmental protection. Funding is available between £500 and
£10,000.

The Scottish Land Fund supports rural communities with populations of under
10,000. It aims to help these communities become more resilient and sustainable
through the management and ownership of land and land assests. It also provides
practical support and funding. Grants of between £10,000 and £75,000 are
available for up to two years although larger grants may be available in
exceptional circumstances.

Community Spaces Scotland provides funding to make communcal spaces happier
places to be. Funding is available up to £250,000 but it is specifically
targeted to particular geographical areas. You can check the availability of
your area by typing in the postcode at
www.biglotteryfund.org.uk/prog_community_spaces_scotland

The Co-operative Membership Fund provides grants of between £100 and £2,000 to
help with equipment to event costs for your group.

Hilton in the Community funds projects that help disadvantaged children and
young people under 25. Grants are awarded up to £30,000 a year.

The Moffat Trust helps charities involved in care, education, sport, young
people and communities. One-off awards of £4,000 are available but grants of up
to £6,000 can be awarded and split over three years.

In the health sector, Cash4communities makes funds available to enhance the
local environment and promote community spirit and pride. The fund is always
looking for new and inventive ways to help local communities. Grants can be
awarded anywhere in the region of £500 to £35,000.

Schools can take advantage of grants such as Funding for Schools to Purchase
Musical Equipment and the Talking Science grants scheme.

Youth groups also have a number of funding opportunities available to them.
These include the Social Enterprise and Third Sector Challenge Fun, the Volant
Charitable Trust and Youth in Action.

For those looking to gain new skills in fundraising, there are a number of
bodies that are willing to help out.

These include Fundraising Training, SCVO in Edinburgh and Training at Dundee
Voluntary Action. A number of sessions are available at both of these
initiatives in the coming months.

If you want more information about any of these grants, funding ot training
opportunities call the Angus Council external funding team on 01307 473221/2 or
e-mail externalfunding@angus.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SAKH


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 16, 2010 Wednesday

City finds money unnoticed for years: $1.1 million to be used for repaving;
council president wonders why no one noticed funds

BYLINE: Don Spatz, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


Jun. 16--Reading will get more than two dozen blocks on 10 city streets repaved
this year, after City Council on Tuesday agreed to begin redirecting $1.1
million in leftover federal community development money, most of which had been
lying unnoticed for years, to the streets program.

Council agreed to immediately redirect nearly $320,000 in stimulus money unspent
by several groups this year.

It also is considering redirecting $800,000 in regular community development
money to repaving, but will decide on that next month after city staff completes
some paperwork.

The source of that money worries council. It came from repayments of federal
loans to local businesses, and the money was never reallocated to new projects.

City staff and adviser William Loewenstein, president of Hudson, N.Y.-based
Community Initiatives Development Corp., found the money over the past few
weeks, Loewenstein told council.

Council President Vaughn D. Spencer wondered why nobody noticed the money was
available before.

Loewenstein didn't have an answer, but said Daniel Robinson, the city's new
community development director, has a plan in place to monitor the spending and
the repayments, and will make monthly status reports to the administration.

The city has deadlines to spend its regular community development grants and an
even tighter deadline to spend the stimulus money, or it risks losing both.
That's why both sources are being redirected to the paving project that can be
accomplished quickly.

Council also agreed to join the Reading School Board in a joint application for
a $10,000 state grant to study how to broaden and fund recreation programs in
the city by moving to a recreation commission.

That commission, a nonprofit agency, would have representatives from the city,
the school district and several other groups, and be eligible for far more
grants than the city alone.

"This is the way to go," said Otis Smith, chairman of the city's Parks and
Recreation Advisory Committee. "Surrounding areas have been doing this for
years. It's a proven method."

A state-paid consultant would take more than a year to study the existing
recreation structure and programs in the city, as well as recommend what they
could be.

The school board unanimously agreed to the venture two weeks ago.

Contact Don Spatz: 610-371-5027, or dspatz@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100616-RE-City-finds-money-unnoticed-for-years-0616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2010 Reading Eagle


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Create Jobs, Economic
Opportunity in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 721  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is seeking applications for grants that will be awarded to
organizations to help rural businesses create jobs and spur economic
development. USDA is making $5.6 million available through the Rural Community
Development Initiative (RCDI), a program that generates economic activity in
rural areas.

"This funding will help local and regional organizations as they assist small
and emerging businesses," Vilsack said. "The Obama Administration recognizes
small businesses as the engines of job creation and essential to strengthening
our national economy."

Strengthening the rural economy remains a main focus of USDA, despite budget
uncertainties. Qualified intermediary organizations receiving the grants will
provide financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop their
capacity to undertake housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development projects. Recipients will be non-profit organizations, low income
rural communities, or federally recognized tribes. Intermediary organizations
must provide matching funds at least equal to the RCDI grant. Funds are not
directly provided to business recipients by USDA under the program.

The deadline for submitting RCDI applications is November 12, 2013. Applications
must be submitted to the USDA Rural Development state office where the
applicant's headquarters are located. A list of these offices is available on
the USDA Rural Development website. For more information, see the August 14,
2013 Federal Register at www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-08-14/pdf/2013-19773.pdf.

RCDI brings economic opportunity to rural areas. For example, in 2012, NC REAL
Enterprises in North Carolina, received a grant for its "Growing Small
Businesses in Rural North Carolina" project. NC REAL Enterprises provides
entrepreneurship education to a network of more than 300 certified facilitators
(teachers and civic leaders) who, in turn, provide courses to individuals
seeking to transition to an entrepreneurial small business career. Over a
two-year period, RCDI funding is expected to provide business education and
training to at least 2,000 individuals participating in this project; help start
40 new businesses; and improve the capacity of 20 existing businesses.

Secretary Vilsack said that today's announcement is another reminder of the
importance of USDA programs for rural America. A comprehensive new Food, Farm
and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy, Vilsack added, saying
that's just one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Bill done as soon
as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Signs 2014-15 Budget and Fiscal Code, Vetoes
Specific Legislative Appropriations and Places Legislative Spending Initiatives
into Budgetary Reserves

LENGTH: 1351  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today signed House Bill 2328, the 2014-15 state budget, and
House Bill 278, the 2014-15 Fiscal Code. Concerned with the revenue assumptions
used by the House and Senate in crafting their budget, the governor chose to use
his line-item veto authority to reduce spending and ensure the state was meeting
revenue estimates.

"Every day, Pennsylvania families sit around their kitchen tables figuring out
how to make ends meet," Corbett said. "Balancing income against spending is how
the state budget is supposed to work as well. As elected leaders our duty is to
sit around the budget table and answer tough questions.

"As they did in the last three budgets, agencies sharpened their pencils, set
priorities, and spent what they had - not what they wished they had. We made
tough decisions so that funding for critical programs and services that benefit
the people of Pennsylvania would go unharmed. It is what I promised the people
of Pennsylvania I would do, and, frankly, it is what they expect and deserve
from their state government.

"The same, however, cannot be said for the General Assembly."

The governor noted the budget passed last week included no new taxes and
supported key administration priorities in this budget, including:

Ready to Learn Block Grant: $100 million increase (to $200 million total)
    Pre-K Counts: $10 million increase (to $97 million)
    Special Education: $20 million increase (to $1.05 billion)
    A new Ready to Succeed Scholarships program: $5 million
    Intellectual Disabilities Waiver: $13 million initiative to address waiting
lists
    Services to Persons with Disabilities and Attendant Care: $9 million to
serve an additional 1,599 individuals with physical disabilities
    Child Advocacy Centers:  a new $2 million program for child protection
    Primary Health Care Practitioner: $1 million increase (part of the Healthy
PA initiative)
    Community-Based Health Care Subsidy: $2 million increase (part of the
Healthy PA initiative)

"While I am pleased they supported my priorities in this budget - investing more
money into our children's education, reducing waiting lists for services for
people living with disabilities, and increasing access to health care in rural
and underserved areas of Pennsylvania - the final budget they sent me, coupled
with their failure to address critical challenges facing our state, cause me
great concern," Corbett added.

"Facing a $1.5 billion deficit and struggling to provide adequate funding for
essential programs, the General Assembly instead chose to increase their own
$330 million budget by 2 percent. It is charging the taxpayers an additional $5
million to pay for its parking. It refuses to use any of its own six-month
surplus - $150 million in taxpayer-funded budgetary reserves - to help with the
budget gap. It filled the budget with earmarks driven by high-powered lobbyists.
And it refused to deal with the biggest fiscal challenge facing Pennsylvania:
our public pensions.

"For this reason, I am forcing mutual sacrifice with the General Assembly
through the governor's ability to line-item veto and hold spending in budgetary
reserve. Today, I am item vetoing $65 million in General Assembly spending and
an additional $7.2 million in legislative-designated spending."

The commonwealth's official estimate is $60 million lower than the revenue
estimates in the General Assembly budget.  Item vetoes are as follows:

General Assembly Operating Appropriations:  $65 Million

During budget negotiations, the governor asked the General Assembly to use $75
million of its $150 million in reserves to help balance the budget.  Because the
General Assembly did not include this funding in its budget and at the same time
relied on aggressive revenue assumptions, the governor chose to reduce the
General Assembly's spending, which will cause the General Assembly to spend down
its reserves to a more reasonable level.

In the spring, the governor directed agencies under his jurisdiction to identify
any available funds that could be used to help balance the budget. As a result
of the governor's direction, commonwealth agencies returned nearly $425 million
of unneeded funds.

Other Appropriations: $7.2 million of reductions in total

·         Treasury: Intergovernmental Organizations:  Line-Item Veto of $45,000

·         DCED: Community Development Financial Institution Grants:  Line-Item
Veto of $250,000

·         DCED: Intergovernmental Cooperation Authority:  Line-Item Veto of
$300,000

·         DCNR: Heritage and Other Parks:  Line-Item Veto of $500,000

·         DEP: Environmental Program Management:  Line-Item Veto of $150,000

·         DEP: Sewage Facilities Planning Grants:  Line-Item Veto of $700,000

·         DGS: Rental, Relocation and Municipal Charges:  Line-Item Veto of $5
million

o   The General Assembly added funding to DGS' budget for parking costs and then
gave itself the authority to move that funding to its budget.  Given the level
of legislative reserves that remain, the Governor chose to eliminate this
funding.

·         Labor and Industry: General Government Operations:  Line-Item Veto of
$250,000

·         DMVA: Civil Air Patrol:  Line-Item Veto of $100,000, which DMVA states
is not necessary

Another $20 million in line-item vetoes include transfers to the General Fund:

The Machinery and Equipment Loan Fund: from $100 million to $85 million. A
reduction in the proposed amount was necessary to ensure sufficient funding for
important economic development projects.
    Small Business First Fund: from $100 million to $95 million. A reduction in
the proposed amount was necessary to ensure sufficient funding for important
economic development projects.

In addition to the $20 million reduction in the transfers from special funds,
the commonwealth's official revenue estimate is projected to be an additional
$40 million lower than the revenues in the House and Senate plan.

On pension reform, the governor commented, "The General Assembly failed to enact
a meaningful plan that would benefit all homeowners, school districts and job
creators in the Commonwealth. Instead, it is forcing more than 163 school
districts to raise property taxes on hard-working Pennsylvania families to pay
for skyrocketing pension costs. It has failed the people of Pennsylvania.

"I ask the citizens of Pennsylvania to join in this fight and demand that the
legislature address the most important fiscal challenge facing Pennsylvania.
Today, we spend 63 cents of each and every new tax dollar that comes into the
state on pension costs. This is absolutely unsustainable, and it is devouring
our state's budget.

"We can protect the pension benefits of retirees and current public school and
state government employees, while making reforms to the system for new hires.
This is a reform plan that has been debated across the state and in the halls in
the Capitol for three years.

"It is time to stop 'talking around the edges' and enact meaningful reform.
Pennsylvania families and taxpayers deserve nothing less."

At the time that the General Appropriation Bill and other appropriation bills
are presented to the governor for approval, the official revenue estimates for
the budget year are established by the governor.

If the appropriations passed by the legislature exceed the revenue estimates
plus any available surplus, the governor has the authority and duty either to
veto entire appropriation bills or to reduce the amount of appropriations in
order to produce a budget that is in balance with total resources available. The
governor also has the power to reduce or item veto any appropriation he thinks
excessive or unnecessary even if the total appropriations passed by the
legislators do not exceed estimated resources available.

A governor's item veto may be overridden by a two-thirds vote of each house of
the General Assembly.

More information on the 2014-15 state budget, including the governor's veto
message, can be found at www.budget.state.pa.us.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hays Daily News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 18, 2009 Thursday

Rural Development recognizes partners

BYLINE: Ryan Christner, The Hays Daily News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 611 words


Jun. 18--Throughout the month of June, which nationally is recognized as
homeownership month, U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development offices in
Kansas, and around the country, have been in the process of taking time to
recognize the many partnering businesses and organizations that assist in the
implementation of their programs.

"Just like the Hays-area office here, we want to recognize lenders, Realtors,
anyone who's a partner with us," said state Housing Programs Director Tim
Rogers. "We want to recognize the importance home ownership and the key to what
that is to economic recovery across the state."

Through its more than 40 loan and grant programs, USDA Rural Development
provides millions of dollars annually to help families -- who wouldn't otherwise
be able to -- buy, build or make repairs to a home, help rural-serving
businesses make large purchases or construct facilities and help fund community
development initiatives.

"We're the only federal agency ... that can literally build a community from the
ground up," Rogers said in reference to the agency's variety of programming,
which fund everything from underground water systems to above-ground
construction and telecommunications projects.

Despite being one of the smaller governmental agencies in the state, Rural
Development has a big effect on the lives of Kansans, delivering more than $250
million in programming annually.

One program in particular is seeing larger numbers than ever before.

Rogers said the agency's guaranteed rural housing loan program doled out $87
million in 2007, then a record $118.5 million last year. Last week, with the
second half of the year still to be taken into account, the program passed $120
million.

"So that tells you the demand for our programming," he said.

The popularity of that loan comes from its feature of offering 100 percent
financing.

"That's one of the very few programs across the country that would even do
that," Rogers said.

Another program that is expected to see growth is the rural energy loan grant.

Instituted only about three or four years ago, the grant is available to small
business owners, farmers and ranchers for the purpose of purchasing renewable
energy systems or to make energy efficiency improvements.

The application deadline for that program is July 31.

More than just a source for funds, Rural Development also provides technical
assistance, including community assessment, strategic planning, organizational
development and partnership building.

The Hays office teams with Consumer Credit Counseling Services in Salina to host
a homebuyer education class once a month at its office, 2715 Canterbury.

"A lot of your home loan programs require that the family participate in a home
buyer education piece before they can get the funds," Area Director Kent Colwell
said.

Rural Development has received federal stimulus money to increase the funding it
is able to provide to rural Kansas residents.

Although the national economic recession affected people living in large
metropolitan areas more than it did those living in places such as northwest
Kansas, Rural Development staff in Hays still encourages residents to gather
more information about their programs by stopping by their office or calling
(785) 628-3081.

To see more of The Hays Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hdnews.net. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hays Daily News, Kan. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090618-EZ-Rural-Development-recognizes-partners-0618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Free grant-writing workshops offered in Oklahoma

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 234 words


STILLWATER - The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service is partnering with the
U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Regional Rural Development Centers to
offer free grant-writing workshops. Aimed at producers and business owners with
retail operations serving local and regional markets, the workshops are designed
to encourage applications to the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion federal
grant programs.Workshops will take place from 1 to 5 p.m. in Muskogee on March
24; Shawnee on April 1; Sayre on April 7; Norman on April 14; and Enid on April
15. To reserve a seat in one of the workshops, register online at
http://bit.ly/1CaKUO2. The goal of the workshops is to put interested businesses
and communities in position to successfully apply for grants that support local
and regional food initiatives, said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University
Cooperative Extension community development specialist.Workshop topics will
include developing an idea for a proposal, preparing a proposal, preparing an
application package and post-award management requirements. There also will be
discussions about estimating project costs, tools and strategies for assessing
the impact of a proposed project and evaluation criteria used by proposal
reviewers.Three different grants are available through the Farmers Market and
Local Food Promotion programs, ranging from $5,000 to $100,000.From Staff
Reports

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Free grant-writing workshops offered in Oklahoma

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION:

LENGTH: 234 words


STILLWATER - The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service is partnering with the
U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Regional Rural Development Centers to
offer free grant-writing workshops. Aimed at producers and business owners with
retail operations serving local and regional markets, the workshops are designed
to encourage applications to the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion federal
grant programs.Workshops will take place from 1 to 5 p.m. in Muskogee on March
24; Shawnee on April 1; Sayre on April 7; Norman on April 14; and Enid on April
15. To reserve a seat in one of the workshops, register online at
http://bit.ly/1CaKUO2. The goal of the workshops is to put interested businesses
and communities in position to successfully apply for grants that support local
and regional food initiatives, said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University
Cooperative Extension community development specialist.Workshop topics will
include developing an idea for a proposal, preparing a proposal, preparing an
application package and post-award management requirements. There also will be
discussions about estimating project costs, tools and strategies for assessing
the impact of a proposed project and evaluation criteria used by proposal
reviewers.Three different grants are available through the Farmers Market and
Local Food Promotion programs, ranging from $5,000 to $100,000.

From Staff Reports


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Minister to unveil four RDP projects

SECTION: FARM AND COUNTRY;NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 161 words


REBECCA Evans will today unveil four Welsh project that are to be funded by the
new Rural Development Programme (RDP).

The deputy farming minister will launch the Wales RDP, now rebranded as "Welsh
Government Rural Communities".

The scheme, co-funded by the EU, has more than £900m to spend over six years.

An initial tranche of almost £30m has been earmarked for four initiatives, which
Mrs Evans will outline today.

These are the Rural Community Development Fund, which promotes measures such as
community transport, while the Sustainable Production Grant aims to improve the
farming sector's financial resilience.

The Food Business Investment Scheme will focus on jobs in the food sector, while
the Co-operation programme will foster collaborative projects in forestry, food
and red meat.

Mrs Evans said: "In Wales we have the highest proportion of people living in
rural areas in the UK, and Welsh Government Rural Communities is perfectly
placed to help them thrive."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPW


                       Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              April 6, 2012 Friday

Sabah honours 4 women entrepreneurs

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 391 words


KOTA KINABALU: Sabah Housing And Real Estate Developers Association (Shareda)
president Datuk Susan Wong Siew Guen became the first individual to receive the
Woman Entrepreneur of the Year Award, which is being introduced this year.

The award, which selects from a list of women entrepreneurs seen as an icon and
inspiration to other women to be successful in business, is one of the three
categories under the inaugural Sabah state Women Entrepreneurs Awards 2012.

It was an initiative by State Community Development and Consumer Affairs
Ministry and Sabah Women's Advisory Council to encourage active participation of
women in business.

The two other awards were the Rural Woman Entrepreneur of the Year Award, won by
Kundasang-born Rabia Dambul, 48, and the Most Promising Entrepreneur of the Year
Award, which went to computer training centre owner Jenny Lee Su Tsing.

A total of 24 candidates were nominated for the awards this year.

Wong, who is Mega Sunwise Sdn Bhd managing director, said she was honoured to be
the first recipient of the award, which she deemed as a special recognition that
encourages women to take up bigger responsibilities and challenges in business.

"With this award, I promise to do my best to provide services to the community,"
added the 56-year-old, who also owns eight other local companies related to
construction and real estate.

Rabia, who was away on pilgrimage, was represented by her 19-year-old daughter,
Fadhira Jupirin, who said her mother hoped to be an example to other rural
businesswomen -- that they, too, can be successful.

Each recipient received a plaque, a certificate and RM10,000 cash.

Wong announced that she would give the prize money to women's associations in
need of assistance under the ministry.

State Community Development and Consumer Affairs Minister Datuk Azizah Mohd Dun
said the jury panel had also agreed to give a Special Woman Entrepreneur Award
to Kak Nong Restaurant owner Asmah Jimmy Grant, 57.

"I hope this special award will inject enthusiasm in the recipient to continue
improving and expanding her business," Azizah said.

Single mother Asmah said her restaurant, which was initially located in Jalan
Bundusan, Penampang, before moving to Harbour City nearer to the state capital,
had won the Best Kopitiam in Sabah under the Sabah Tourism Awards in 2007, 2009
and last year.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          September 22, 2007 Saturday

Southern fishing village fights for recognition

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 743 words


The couple makes about Bt200 a day - after the owner takes his cut.

Their eldest daughter was just sent to Narathiwat where she is living with a
relative while taking a oneyear nursing assistance course.

"They said the tuition is free and that employment is guaranteed upon
graduation," said Faiza, trying hard to put on a positive face amid great
uncertainties about their future.

The family will have to do without one helping hand, but said it's a risk worth
taking if they want to get out of this cycle of poverty. As it is, the couple
don't have much. A small, rundown wooden hut with a shabby roof is pretty much
all they have - and that's sitting on somebody else's property.

The difficulties facing Ibrahim and Faiza are not unique. In fact, there are
many families like them - poor, landless, working hard to make ends meet - and
hoping that their children will have a better life.

But the people in Ban Ayamu are different. What it lacks in material assets, the
community makes up in spirit.

About three years ago, with the help of Hama Mayunu, a member of a
nongovernmental organisation from Narathiwat that deals with community
development, together with a local imam, Mohammed Muyeedin Karee, about 150
households of this highland community decided to come together and pool their
money and resources.

What started off as a small cattle fund soon evolved into a pool of cash that
enabled people like Ibrahim and Faiza to use it. They withdrew Bt3,000 for their
daughter's uniform at the nursing school.

A small grant from a Kuwaiti nongovernmental organisation helped build a mosque
and a community centre that has been used as a kind of a town hall for local
residents to come together.

Less than a kilometre from the mosque is 40 rai of land that will be divided up
for 40 landless families. Couples like Ibrahim and Faiza are high on the waiting
list and are likely to be the first family to move there when the logistics are
in place, said imam Muyeedin.

The community is currently negotiating with the Community Organisation
Development Institute (Codi), a governmentfunded private agency, to provide a
15year interest free loan that would be managed collectively by the residents.

"Historically, assistance from the government tends to be in the form of
giveaway's and not much in the form of capacitybuilding at the local level,"
Hama said. "But our project is different. We believe the villagers can and
should manage their own affairs."

During the Thaksin Administration, community development schemes were mainly
quick cash thrown at villages. The initiatives were popular in the rural areas
and succeeded in securing votes for the Thaksin's Thai Rak Thai Party. But
little came in the form of productivity as the money went on personal use.

Perhaps it was a blessing in disguise, but villagers at Ban Ayamu missed out on
Thaksin's millionbaht and other populous schemes as they didn't have legal
status as none of the residents have land titles - even though most have been
here for more than two decades.

Besides missing out on Thaksin's easy money, the daily violence in the three
southernmost provinces has brought them closer together, said Muyeedin. The
community also linked up with other communities in the same predicament. One
such community, Kalae Tapae, a congested coastal fishing port in Narathiwat has
been trying for years to secure land deeds from the government.

Residents here say their plight and demands for necessities such as clean water
had been long overlooked until two years ago, when they formed a community
organisation that began to attract the attention of local politicians, as well
as Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont who visited the place in late August.

Hama said local politicians have been trying to tap into the network of such
communities for support.

But the community is keeping them at bay because no one wants their hands tied
with a political commitment, said Muydeein, the de facto leader who never seems
to run out of ideas, especially for young men whom he sees as being vulnerable
as they struggle to find their place in the local society.

If it's not the social ills, said Muydeein, then it's the insurgency.

But Saheh Salaemae, 22, who just walked in with a bag of ice and soda for this
month's meeting, offers a glimpse of hope.

"This is our chairman of the village fund," Muyeedin said. "Give a young man
that kind of responsibility and he will grow up real quick."

by Don Pathan

The Nation

Watch the slide show

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Journal Record

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

Grants tomb: Community development money eliminated from Trump budget

BYLINE: Catherine Sweeney

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 947  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - About 10 years ago, the Classen Ten Penn neighborhood was one of
the city's roughest.

The police department compiled crime statistics into a map, and the area near
Classen Boulevard, 10th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue stood out.

"This one square mile in the city just lit up," said the city's planning
director, Aubrey McDermid.

Oklahoma City used some of its federally issued Community Development Block
Grants for programs in the neighborhood, as it does in underprivileged areas
throughout the city. The programs are meant to eliminate blight, address urgent
infrastructure needs and help low-income families.  A decade later, Classen Ten
Penn is one of the poster children for the city's revitalization and one of the
most popular up-and-coming neighborhoods in the metro.

"The Plaza District is right next door, which is helping a lot," McDermid said.

The area is peppered with sidewalks, parks and murals. Every year, grants help
almost 100 residents, often low-income seniors, rehabilitate their homes, so
they don't have to worry about their roofs falling in, lead paint or faulty
electric wiring.

The federal government disperses about $3 billion annually to Community
Development Block Grants. When President Donald Trump announced his proposed
budget this month, he called to eliminate the program entirely. Local officials
said there is no way for the state or its counties and cities to replace the
money, and that the cut would be devastating to the state's most vulnerable
people.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development doles out the grants to Oklahoma
in two ways. Large cities administer the funds on their own, and the Department
of Commerce administers grants to small towns. The denser metros are called
entitlement cities, and they include Oklahoma City, Norman, Tulsa and Broken
Arrow.

Oklahoma City gets $4.3 million annually.

"It's gone down pretty much every year since 2002," McDermid said. "We're still
having to serve the same community and the same needs every year with less money
to do it. "

The funds pay for about a dozen ongoing programs, according to city documents.
Many aim to make houses safer for their low-income, elderly or disabled
inhabitants. One aims to strengthen neighborhoods, using the money to encourage
homeownership, install sidewalks, renovate parks and pay for educational
after-school programs. One disperses about 30,000 transportation subsidies
annually to help elderly, disabled and homeless residents get to work or the
doctor. Some help to pay for a safety center for abused children.

"It's just so shocking to me to think that something like this that serves so
many people of such intense need can even be considered to be cut," McDermid
said.

The program requires that organizers assist low- and moderate-income residents,
with moderate income delineated at 80 percent of median household income. In
Oklahoma City, that's about $38,000 annually, according to the Census Bureau.
That covers 40 percent of the city's population, McDermid said. The city's
housing supply, which features so many dilapidated homes, compounds the issue.

"There would be a lot of people who would probably become homeless that are
struggling not to become homeless now," she said.

Poor residents aren't the only ones who would miss out, said Shannon Entz,
senior planner of Oklahoma City's Strong Neighborhoods Initiative.

"Many neighborhoods in Oklahoma City are impacted, whether they know it or not,
by these funds," she said. "It's a major source of funding for economic
development. "

City officials use Community Development Block Grants to give small business
owners loans to start their business or expand and rehabilitate their
properties. A small business development program offers new business owners
classes on basic accounting, personnel management, and marketing. The funds
cover $800,000 in overhead costs to run the urban renewal authority, which
manages about 800 properties in the city and attempts to reduce blight.

Some CDBG-funded loans have helped pay for renovations at the Skirvin Hilton
Hotel, the 21c project off Classen Boulevard and the Gold Dome, according to the
same city documents. They also helped pay for some of the preliminary work on
the Native American Cultural Center.

The Department of Commerce receives about $12 million annually to help small
towns work on infrastructure.

"When I started with the state in 1990, we were getting $21 million" said Don
Hackler, the department's deputy director and legal counsel. "We can't fund 100
percent of projects like we used to. "

Rural areas use their allotments differently than major metros like New York
City and Los Angeles, and even Oklahoma City, he said.

"The majority of their funds, I believe, would be found in housing," he said.
"That's their city's most urgent need. But small cities like Webbers Falls,
their most urgent need is their water system. "

That's the most common problem across the state, he said. Funds pay to replace
water lines, make updates to processing plants or to work on water towers.
Often, meeting Clean Water Act standards is too costly for tiny towns to pay for
on their own, so they establish rural water districts. That allows them to share
costs on building the facilities, as well as keeping them staffed.

The small towns couldn't pay for those projects on their own, Hackler said, and
most officials know that.

"If you watch what happens when the House and Senate debate this, I think you'll
see broad bipartisan support for this program," he said.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 1, 2010 Monday

Bank of America Extends $25.9 Billion in Loans to Small and Medium-Sized
Businesses in Third Quarter of 2010

LENGTH: 438  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 01 -- As part of its support of small and medium-sized businesses
and their role in job creation, Bank of America today announced that it loaned
$25.9 billion to these businesses in the third quarter of 2010.

In the first nine months of 2010, the bank loaned a total of $71.2 billion to
small and medium-sized businesses - those with less than $50 million in annual
revenues. That amount represents an increase of $12.6 billion over the same
period last year.

Last December, Bank of America pledged to increase lending to small and
medium-sized businesses by $5 billion in 2010. The company loaned $81.4 billion
to those businesses in 2009.

"In this challenging economy, small and medium-sized businesses are vital to the
nation's ongoing recovery. Without their help, creating new jobs will continue
to be a challenge," said David Darnell, president of Global Commercial Banking
for Bank of America. "While we continue trying to make every good loan we can,
demand for new credit among smaller businesses remains limited. Business owners
instead have told us their greatest need is more demand for their goods and
services."

In addition to lending, Bank of America has launched several initiatives to help
small businesses. Earlier this month, the bank announced it will hire more than
1,000 small business bankers by early 2012. The bank also has pledged to
increase its spending with small, medium-sized and diverse businesses by
purchasing $10 billion in products and services from those suppliers over the
next five years.

Bank of America this summer launched a $10 million grant program for Community
Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and other nonprofit lenders, aimed at
unlocking $100 million in low-cost, long-term capital for small and rural
businesses. As of September 30, the bank had awarded $3.7 million in grants that
allowed CDFIs to access nearly $27.5 million in lending capital. Bank of America
is the nation's largest lender to CDFIs, with more than $1 billion in loans and
investments to 120 CDFIs in 37 states.

Next week, Bank of America will release its Lending and Investing Initiative
report for the third quarter of 2010, which outlines the credit extended in
areas critical to the nation's economic recovery. In addition to small business
lending, the report will detail residential mortgage activity, home loan
modifications, commercial and corporate lending, and financing to CDFIs
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                                 April 20, 2005

Health Matters: Hard work should bear healthy fruit (and veg);

SECTION:  Pg. 52

LENGTH: 614 words


A Co Down community has developed a practical initiative to tackle the growing
levels of childhood obesity in the area.

Mayobridge pharmacist, Paul O'Hare, teamed up with St Patrick's Primary School
in the village to provide information on health issues to the children.

The teachers and schoolchildren have taken this advice and are developing a
school vegetable garden, building on the 'Green Gyms' idea of working to improve
people's health through physical activity and developing their interest in
gardening and growing food.

It is hoped that some of the vegetables grown will be given to the local
luncheon club.

The project is a partnership between the pharmacist, primary school and
Conservation Volunteers Northern Ireland and received funding through the
Community Development and Health Network (CDHN).

To date GBP 500,000 has been given out to over 80 projects across Northern
Ireland.

"As a local pharmacist, I see families and children on a daily basis and I
noticed an increase in awareness about childhood obesity at a local level," Paul
said.

"Our aim is to educate local children about healthy eating and issues that can
have an influence on their health - but in a practical way.

"Encouraging them to work as a team to grow their own vegetables is much more
effective than just talking to them about healthy eating.

"This way they become involved in the project and get a better understanding of
issues which affect them.

"The support and funding we received from the Community Development and Health
Network enabled us to carry this out and improve health awareness within the
local community," he said.

Paul said he hopes the project will prevent many well-publicised childhood
diseases including obesity, diabetes and tooth decay with a long-term role in
the prevention of coronary heart disease, stroke and cancer in the adult
population.

The Community Development and Health Network is encouraging other community
groups and pharmacists to team up to tackle health needs within their community.

It will provide grant aid to projects aimed at addressing those needs through
its Building the Community Pharmacy Partnership (BCPP) programme.

BCPP coordinator, Sharon Bleakley said people living in the community are most
aware of the health needs of the area.

"Local community groups and community pharmacists work with disadvantaged people
of all ages in our society and therefore they are best placed to help the
community to tell us what is required," she said.

"Our project is very much a community-led one and we can provide financial
support to those groups who will work in partnership with their local pharmacist
to develop a way of tackling inequalities in health.

"Our past projects have included supporting carers, sexual health, healthy
eating, women's health, providing an outreach service in a rural area, improving
the health of the elderly and supporting carers.

"Our key aim is to promote community development by strengthening and bringing
about change in our local communities through these initiatives. It's really
about empowering people to make positive changes by working in partnership with
other groups and agencies," she said.

Groups and pharmacists interested in applying for funding should contact Sharon
Bleakley at the Community Development and Health Network or check out the web
page for news of further rounds of funding and current projects (www.cdhn.org)

Closing date for funding applications is April 29 2005.

The Building the Community Pharmacy Partnership is funded by the Department of
Health, Social Services and Public Safety.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 The Irish News Limited


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 10, 2015

2015 Rural Arts and Culture Summit opens registration

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 604  words


Earlybird registration for the 2015 Rural Arts and Culture (RAC) Summit is open.
The RAC Summit will take place Tuesday, June 2, through Thursday, June 4, at the
University of Minnesota, Morris. This year's theme, "From the Ground Up:
Cultivating Creative People and Places," will highlight the important role of
art and culture in shaping the rural narrative. The RAC Summit is a joint
project between the University of Minnesota, Morris Center for Small Towns and
Springboard for the Arts.

The Summit will explore models that support individual artists and their careers
as well as communities that incorporate arts and culture into their development
strategies. The summit will also emphasize cross-sector partnerships that help
communities tap into their cultural assets as they address major challenges or
opportunities.

The keynote speaker of the Summit is Theresa Secord, a traditional Penobscot
basketweaver who founded the Maine Indian Basketweaver's Association (MIBA) in
1993. In 2003 Secord was the first United States citizen to win the Women's
World Summit Foundation prize for Creativity in Rural Life, awarded at the
United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland. Secord's work focuses on preserving the
tradition of her tribe's basketweaving, an artform that was nearly extinct.
Through her efforts, she has led partnerships between her tribe, state and
federal forest services, and the University of Maine to preserve the ash forests
in their region. At the same time she has been spearheading intergenerational
programs to pass basketweaving skills down to the next generation, and
developing economic strategies to help artists sell and promote their work.

"Theresa's story is a great example of how investing time and effort into arts
and culture can build identity and community vitality," says Kelly Asche,
co-chair of the RAC Summit and program director at CST, "and that identity is
key in developing successful community development initiatives."

Registration for the Summit is now open, with special earlybird discounts
available until April 22. A full schedule of breakout sessions will be announced
later this month. To register and find more information, including cost and
sponsorship opportunities, visit ruralartsandculturesummit.com.

The Rural Arts and Culture Summit was founded in 2011 by Rebecca Peterson at A
Center for the Arts in Fergus Falls. This activity is made possible by the
voters of Minnesota through a grant from the Minnesota State Arts Board, thanks
to a legislative appropriation from the arts and cultural heritage fund. The
Summit is also sponsored by the McKnight Foundation and the Bush Foundation.

Springboard for the Arts is an economic and community development organization
for artists and by artists. Their work is about building stronger communities,
neighborhoods, and economies, and they believe that artists are an important
leverage point in that work. Springboard for the Arts' offices are based in
Fergus Falls and Lower-town Saint Paul.

CST is a community outreach program that serves as a point of entry to the
resources of the University of Minnesota. Small towns, local units of
government, K-12 schools, nonprofit organizations, and other University units
are able to utilize CST's resources as they work on rural issues or make
contributions to rural society. CST's mission is to focus the University's
attention and marshal its resources toward assisting Minnesota's small towns
with locally identified issues while creating applied learning opportunities for
faculty and students. CST is dedicated to creating a bright future for small
towns throughout the state.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Ortonville Independent


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday

RP gets $106-million Japan aid

SECTION: Pg. S1/2

LENGTH: 502 words


JAPAN is providing a total of about $106.5 million in various new assistance to
improve fiscal governance, land infrastructure, and storm monitoring, as well as
to help poor farmers and to rehabilitate and develop conflict-affected areas in
Mindanao, the Japanese embassy in Manila said in two statements yesterday.

The signing and exchange of notes yesterday in Manila marked the appropriation
of some Y9.293 billion (about $100 million) in Official Development Assistance
loan for the second phase of the Development Policy Support Program (DPSP2), as
well as the following grants:

     ·    * Y23 million (P12 million) for the detailed design of the Project for
          Improvement of the Meteorological Radar System;


     ·    * Y13 million (about P7 million) for the detailed design of the
          Project for the Bridge Construction for Expanded Agrarian Reform
          Communities Development;


     ·    * Y480 million (P253 million) for the Food Security Project for
          Underprivileged Farmers; and


     ·    * $660,000 (P31 million) for various basic infrastructure and health
          care facilities under the Japan-Bangsamoro Initiatives for
          Reconstruction and Development (J-BIRD).


The DPSP2 is designed to support Philippine government efforts to achieve
macroeconomic and fiscal stability, improve governance in public expenditure
management and anti-corruption measures, among others.

This loan is co-financed by the Asian Development Bank which has already
disbursed $250 million. This latest ODA allocation brings the total program
amount to $350 million.

The Project for Improvement of the Meteorological Radar System seeks to boost
the capability of the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical
Services Administration in typhoon monitoring.

Besides the detailed design for the replacement of existing meteorological radar
systems, the project includes construction of radar towers, the installation of
meteorological data display systems and the establishment of meteorological data
satellite communication systems.

The Project for Bridge Construction for Expanded Agrarian Reform Communities
Development entails the detailed design of Bazal Bridge in Aurora Province that
is expected to link up such communities.

The grant assistance for underprivileged farmers, on the other hand, is the 31st
tranche of the Japan Increased Food Production Program that started in 1977.
This segment entails provision of fertilizers to various farm communities to
improve productivity.

The third batch of assistance under the J-BIRD program entails the construction
of five school buildings, a potable water supply system, a rural health unit and
an irrigation system.

Since the launching of the J-BIRD in 2006, Japan has already assisted 23
projects in Mindanao totalling about $1.3 Million.

"As a close neighbor and friend...Japan is firmly determined to work together
with the Philippines to stand against the [global economic] storm through both
financial and technical cooperation," Japanese Ambassador to the Philippines
Makoto Katsura said in his speech during the signing ceremony.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Community Development Banks Gain Momentum as Overall Bank Count Shrinks

BYLINE: Allison Prang

SECTION: DEALMAKING & STRATEGY Vol. 1 No. 174

LENGTH: 730  words


The number of community development banks is rising at a time when the ranks of
other financial institutions are shrinking.

The special-purpose banks - a subset of community development financial
institutions - serve low- and moderate-income communities. By becoming CDFIs,
banks - along with credit unions and loan institutions - can apply for certain
funding from the Treasury Department and other agencies.

While such institutions have existed since the 1990s, their numbers have
exploded since the financial crisis. Almost three-quarters of the nation's
community development banks have been certified since 2010 - reaching 123
institutions in July - as word about the program has spread and certain
regulations have been relaxed.

For starters, the Treasury's Community Development Capital Initiative
programprovided CDFIs with low-cost capital afterthe crisis. In 2013, CDFIs were
exempted from the ability-to-repay mortgage underwriting rule, helping spur more
than 50 banks to join the program.

The ability-to-repay exemption "sparked yet another wave of interest," Jeannine
Jacokes, president of the Community Development Bankers Association, said. "I
think it basically got the attention of folks " that were always eligible
anyways."

The fact that certain Treasury programs, such as the CDFI Fund, have been around
for nearly two decades - and that the pool of funds has increased - has also
helped give more banks confidence to pursue certification, Jacokes said.

Some of the banks that have recently been certified have been around for years,
including Bank of Rio Vista. The California bank, which applied to become a CDFI
earlier this year, has been around for more than a century.

"Quite frankly, I've been at this bank for four years now, and I didn't know
anything about" the program, said Dave Greiner, the $208 million-asset bank's
chief executive. "A couple of banker friends " were telling me about it and it
just fits us like a glove."

First Southwest Bank became a CDFI after the financial crisis, in part, to
distinguish itself from other banks, said Kent Curtis, the Alamosa, Colo.,
bank's chief executive. The $262 million-asset bank became a CDFI several months
after the Federal Reserve Board released its parent company from a written
agreement.

"I really felt strongly that we needed to find a differentiator " to succeed in
today's banking world - or what was going to become today's banking world,"
Curtis said, noting that First Southwest was already working with underserved
markets.

Becoming a CDFI also allows First Southwest to tap into various Treasury grants
and other assistance, along with opportunities to participate in the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's rural development programs, Curtis added.

Banks aren't the only institutions taking advantage of CDFI certification.

Credit unions have been flocking to the National Credit Union Administration's
low-income designation, as well as the Treasury's CDFI certification. Those
institutions are eager to benefit from access to special grants, as well as
relief from certain regulations - including access to secondary capital and an
exemption from the cap on member-business loans.

The NCUA and Treasury signed an agreement earlier this year to streamline the
application process that allows low-income credit unions to earn CDFI status. In
January, the agencies said they hope to double the number of CDFI-certified
credit unions by the end of this year.

Word of mouth has also spurred more interest in the CDFI certification.

Andy Anderson, chief executive at Bank of Anguilla in Mississippi, heard about
the program from the chairman of another bank. "We were already a CDFI with what
we were doing, we just weren't certified," Anderson said.

The $135 million-asset bank has won $710,000 from the Treasury's CDFI Fund since
it qualified to become a CDFI in 2013.

Anderson, for his part, said the program hasn't been appropriately showcased. "I
don't think it has been well-publicized, or I don't think it has been pushed by
the Treasury," he said.

Jacokes, however, said the Treasury doesn't "have a lot of resources" to promote
the program. Then again, she said the program is receiving plenty of interest
even with limited advertising.

"They've always been so dramatically oversubscribed," Jacokes said. "It's not
like they needed to drum up demand or anything."

Lisa Freeman contributed to this report.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                 Budget Edition

Property players welcome R122bn for homes and amenities

BYLINE: THABANG MOKOPANELE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 513  words


HOUSING

Property players welcome R122bn for homes and amenities

Property Editor

THE real estate industry has welcomed a further R122bn allocated to housing and
community amenities, as well as the government's commitment to spend more than
R21bn over the next three years upgrading 400000 homes in informal settlements.

Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan yesterday announced expanded spending on
housing, rural development, better community services and social assistance
grants.

With an additional R6,1bn allocated over the medium term, planned expenditure on
housing and community amenities increases from R102,1bn in 2010-11 to R138,4bn
in 2013-14. The largest component is in community development, which makes up
47,4% of the expenditure in 2011-12. According to Treasury figures, nearly 60%
of all households in informal settlements are in the country's eight
metropolitan municipalities.

An additional amount of R2,1bn has been allocated over the medium term to the
Department of Human Settlements for municipal infrastructure, to support
informal settlement upgrades through the new urban settlements development
grant.

This grant is expected to enable cities to take greater control of planning and
budgeting for housing and basic services.

Prof Francois Viruly, of the University of Cape Town's department of
construction economics and management, said the budget provided some level of
stimulus for the lower tiers of the residential property sector.

& It also shows the government's commitment to promote household savings through
the residential property sector.

& The emphasis on infrastructure and transport infrastructure bodes well for all
sectors of the property market in the longer term,& he said.

Prof Viruly said the budget provided the first signs that the government was
considering ways to encourage personal saving through the housing sector. & It
may suggest that in time the government will follow international trends and
offer a tax incentive on bond repayments. In many emerging countries state
housing provident funds have been created to direct household savings into the
residential property sector.& He said such initiatives had provided an important
stimulus in the delivery of housing in the lower tiers of the residential
property market.

Realty 1 International Property Group CEO Hano Jacobs said that for the property
industry, the most important aspect of the budget was the focus on job creation
for young people, and the allocations made towards this.

& Growth of the property market is entirely dependent on increasing employment
and thus the number of people who can afford to rent or buy their own homes, and
if the job creation and skills development initiatives announced bear fruit, as
we hope, we can look forward to huge market expansion over the next few years,&
Mr Jacobs said.

The capital restructuring grant for social housing receives an additional R972m
over the medium term to build 6000 affordable rental units.

mokopanelet@bdfm.co.za

SYNERGY: Growth in the property market depends on increasing employment and thus
the number of home buyers

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            June 25, 2008 Wednesday

Penn Puts $20,000 Grant Toward Public Safety Needs

BYLINE: Justin Stoltzfus, Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 164  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY JUSTIN STOLTZFUS

Correspondent

Penn Township plans to support three public safety initiatives as a result of
receiving a $20,000 grant from the state Department of Community and
Development.

Supervisors agreed Monday to apply a portion of the funds to pay for the
township's school resource officer.

The township started the SRO program last year, and Officer Tod Neifert has been
on duty fulltime at the Manheim Central Middle School.

David Kratzer, township manager, said Tuesday Penn also plans to buy a repeater
for radio units used by the township's police and public works staff.

Kratzer said radio signals have been shaky recently, and the repeater will make
the aging system more functional.

The third allocation, he said, will be for a portable monitor that will help
Penn police enforce speed limits on rural township roads.

Supervisors and police Chief Larry Snavely repeatedly have pledged to be
vigilant as residents point out roads where they see frequent speeding
activities.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                                 March 24, 2017
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cash for bike hire and pontoon projects

BYLINE: Kaiya Marjoribanks

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 262 words


A potential bike hire social enterprise, cultural heritage trails, a playpark
and a floating pontoon are just some of the community projects set to benefit
from £16,500 of funding from Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park.

The National Park has awarded the funding through its Community Grant Scheme
which has awarded over £170,000 to community groups since it began in 2009.

The scheme helps communities to develop projects that progress the priorities of
local Community Action Plans as well as support the strategic aims of the
National Park.

The 'Moving Forward' part of the 2016/17 scheme aims to support constituted
community groups to take forward larger-scale community aspirations.

Bodies awarded grants this year include Strathfillan Community Development
Trust, for a feasibility study into the community running a bike hire/outdoor
recreation social enterprise, and Killin and Ardeonaig Community Trust, towards
the community-led design of a play park as part of a three-phase initiative to
improve and enhance Breadalbane Park as the key green space and event hub for
the community.

LLTNPA head of planning and rural development Stuart Mearns said: "The grant
scheme allows us to provide vital funding for groups to progress priority
projects and also help with their running costs.

"This links closely to the increasing opportunities from the new Community
Empowerment legislation which aims to empower community bodies to play a leading
role in the decisions that matter to them."

For more visit the 'Grants and Funding' page at www.lochlomond-trossachs.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STO


                           Copyright 2017 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             March 26, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Building foundations for strong rural community;
The £16m rural poverty and social isolation framework is not a panacea but it is
a strong start, says Michelle O'Neill

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 573 words


As a rural dweller, I am aware of the difficulties facing many people living in
our community. I often meet and hear about the plight of the most vulnerable --
be they the elderly, young people, or those with disabilities.

I am, therefore, fortunate that, as minister, I have the opportunity to help
those most vulnerable living in our rural communities. The Tackling Rural
Poverty and Social Isolation framework provides a package of £16m, to end in
March 2015, to help the most vulnerable rural dwellers.

I aim to bring forward a range of new measures and to build on the previous work
my department has been doing to help those living in poverty.

My department's ongoing work in tackling rural poverty and promoting social
inclusion has been a crucial part of showing others, both inside and outside of
government, what makes a difference in a rural context.

As much as there are challenges that come with living in a rural area, living
there can also bring a sense of pride and belonging.

I want to ensure that our rural areas continue to be sustainable and that we
support the most vulnerable, who are often forgotten about, but who can make an
enormous contribution to society.

This funding will provide a wide range of projects and programmes that address
access poverty (such as access to benefits, education and training programmes
and public transport), financial poverty (addressing low incomes and additional
costs associated with rural areas) and social exclusion and isolation.

This framework has a direct link to the Rural White Paper action plan, which is
being finalised and will be brought to the Executive shortly.

One of the actions in the plan relates to tackling poverty and social isolation
and this framework demonstrates my commitment to addressing the needs of rural
communities. This £16m intervention will not be a panacea for all the problems
faced by vulnerable rural people, but it will go some way to help those in need.

So what we have is a framework that focuses on poverty and disadvantage in rural
areas and provides us with the mechanisms to give people a better quality of
life throughout the rural north.

Most importantly, we have an action plan setting out what will be done and
providing the flexibility to react to emerging issues.

Over the past 10 months, I am pleased to say that intervention on the ground has
continued, through provision of concessionary travel for rural smart pass
holders, maximising access to grants, benefits and services by supporting home
visits by trained enablers, funding the rural support charity to provide
assistance to rural families facing difficulties and community development and
support of more than 800 groups.

New initiatives include: household insulation to improve energy efficiency; a
farm family and rural community health checks programme; a rural youth
employability programme; rural young entrepreneurs programme; and a services for
older people project.

A scheme to assist rural dwellers without access to a wholesome water supply
through provision of a bore well is also nearly ready.

Like most of the initiatives, this scheme is developed in conjunction with
another government department -- the Department for Regional Development.

Work on another scheme to address localised poverty and isolation issues is
underway, while work on rural broadband continues.

I remain committed to addressing poverty and social exclusion for the good of
all who live in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             March 26, 2012 Monday
                                 First Edition

Building foundations for strong rural community;
The £16m rural poverty and social isolation framework is not a panacea but it is
a strong start, says Michelle O'Neill

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 573 words


As a rural dweller, I am aware of the difficulties facing many people living in
our community. I often meet and hear about the plight of the most vulnerable --
be they the elderly, young people, or those with disabilities.

I am, therefore, fortunate that, as minister, I have the opportunity to help
those most vulnerable living in our rural communities. The Tackling Rural
Poverty and Social Isolation framework provides a package of £16m, to end in
March 2015, to help the most vulnerable rural dwellers.

I aim to bring forward a range of new measures and to build on the previous work
my department has been doing to help those living in poverty.

My department's ongoing work in tackling rural poverty and promoting social
inclusion has been a crucial part of showing others, both inside and outside of
government, what makes a difference in a rural context.

As much as there are challenges that come with living in a rural area, living
there can also bring a sense of pride and belonging.

I want to ensure that our rural areas continue to be sustainable and that we
support the most vulnerable, who are often forgotten about, but who can make an
enormous contribution to society.

This funding will provide a wide range of projects and programmes that address
access poverty (such as access to benefits, education and training programmes
and public transport), financial poverty (addressing low incomes and additional
costs associated with rural areas) and social exclusion and isolation.

This framework has a direct link to the Rural White Paper action plan, which is
being finalised and will be brought to the Executive shortly.

One of the actions in the plan relates to tackling poverty and social isolation
and this framework demonstrates my commitment to addressing the needs of rural
communities. This £16m intervention will not be a panacea for all the problems
faced by vulnerable rural people, but it will go some way to help those in need.

So what we have is a framework that focuses on poverty and disadvantage in rural
areas and provides us with the mechanisms to give people a better quality of
life throughout the rural north.

Most importantly, we have an action plan setting out what will be done and
providing the flexibility to react to emerging issues.

Over the past 10 months, I am pleased to say that intervention on the ground has
continued, through provision of concessionary travel for rural smart pass
holders, maximising access to grants, benefits and services by supporting home
visits by trained enablers, funding the rural support charity to provide
assistance to rural families facing difficulties and community development and
support of more than 800 groups.

New initiatives include: household insulation to improve energy efficiency; a
farm family and rural community health checks programme; a rural youth
employability programme; rural young entrepreneurs programme; and a services for
older people project.

A scheme to assist rural dwellers without access to a wholesome water supply
through provision of a bore well is also nearly ready.

Like most of the initiatives, this scheme is developed in conjunction with
another government department -- the Department for Regional Development.

Work on another scheme to address localised poverty and isolation issues is
underway, while work on rural broadband continues.

I remain committed to addressing poverty and social exclusion for the good of
all who live in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Wakefield Express

                                January 13, 2006

Hopes for

cash to

boost

villages

LENGTH: 447 words


THE new year could bring good news for Horbury and surrounding villages with an
announcement that bids for Big Lottery Fund money to refurbish village halls and
other community buildings are being invited later this year.

MP for Wakefield Mary Creagh met Lottery chiefs in December to campaign for a
greater share of funding for her constituents in rural areas.

A total of £50 million in grants will be made available from June for rural
projects nationally throughout this year, with further grants of £2.3 billion
for other community projects distributed throughout the country between now and
April 2009.

Community groups in Crigglestone and Sitlington could benefit from the cash
windfall, which has been earmarked for village halls and buildings across the
country.

The National Lottery stumped up the funding after Ms Creagh and other MPs
highlighted the lack of money available for local community sites.

Ms Creagh wrote to the Big Lottery Fund on behalf of her constituents and the
Yorkshire Rural Community Council earlier this year in a bid to get more cash
for village buildings in what she termed 'neglected villages'.

Community groups in Netherton, Overton, Midgely and Flockton have also been
identified as ones which could claim a share of the £50 million, which will be
rolled out over the next three years.

Ms Creagh said: "I was concerned that Yorkshire had received virtually no money
for this type of building for the last three or four years. Village halls and
community centres act as a focal point for rural areas and give local people the
opportunity to come together as a community.

"I feel it is important that money is made available to these areas, as many
village buildings fall into disrepair and are allowed to deteriorate as money is
not available to refurbish them.

"The fund, which will be available from summer 2006 onwards, will provide money
for the building of new community centres and the refurbishment of older sites.
It also seeks to develop local facilities in rural areas and a wide range of
uses for community buildings.

"I have had a great deal of interest in this fund from constituents and parish
councils. I will make a further announcement when the Big Lottery Fund has
opened the scheme for bids."

Following the last round of grant applications, the release of community cash
for the region will be made on February 28.

Currently the Big Lottery Fund is delivering a multi-million pound package of
funding for 51 Yorkshire and Humberside schemes with more than £7.2 million
benefiting a range of community development initiatives including advice and
support services.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Capito and Manchin Announce $3 Million in ARC Grants for West
Virginia

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today
announced that four West Virginia projects will receive a total of $3 million
from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) for infrastructure, health and
economic development improvements.





 The Logan County Public Service District's Phase III-B1 Wastewater project will
receive $1,500,000; the Town of Union's Water System Improvements project will
receive $1,000,000; the West Virginia Development Office's West Virginia
Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program will receive $100,000; and the
Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will receive
$400,000 for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control and Translation
Project.



 &ldquo;This funding gives a needed boost to struggling West Virginia
communities,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;By improving local water and
sewer programs, investing in economic development initiatives and supporting
diabetes education and prevention, these programs will help improve the quality
of life in some of our most rural communities and pave the way for economic
growth.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;By investing in water infrastructure improvements, economic development,
and health education and prevention programs, we are enhancing the quality of
life for so many West Virginians and helping to revitalize our
communities,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;This funding will provide
underserved communities with access to the resources necessary to keep West
Virginians safe and healthy and create new economic opportunities.&rdquo;



 Program Details:







     The Logan County Public Service District will receive $1,500,000 from ARC
for the Phase III-B1 Wastewater project, which will provide sewer service to 116
households and 15 businesses in Lower Island Creek Road, Cherry Tree, Whites
Addition, Yuma Camp and surrounding areas. The businesses and residents of the
project area do not currently have access to a public wastewater system. This
project will help provide safe and reliable sewer service and attract future
investments in the region. In addition to ARC funding, other federal sources
will provide $836,000, and local sources will provide $2,230,000, bringing the
total project funding to $4,566,000.







     The Town of Union will receive $1,000,000 from ARC for the Union Water
System Improvements project. This project will significantly contribute to the
region's community and economic development goals by increasing the town's water
storage, enhancing reliability, providing the foundation for future water line
extensions to unserved communities and enabling a local manufacturing company to
expand production and create new jobs. In addition to ARC funding, other federal
sources will provide $1,023,000 and local sources will provide $507,000,
bringing the total project funding to $2,530,000.







     The West Virginia Development Office will receive $100,000 from ARC for the
West Virginia Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program. This program
will provide mini-grants for up to $10,000 per project to fund small-scale,
non-construction community development projects. The program is targeted to
serve the state's eight distressed counties, 17 at-risk counties and selected
transitional counties. Highest priority will be given to projects associated
with WV Blueprint Communities and the Turn This Town Around Initiative. In
addition to ARC funding, the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation will provide
$75,000 and local sources will provide $17,300, bringing the total project
funding to $192,300.







     The Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will
receive $400,000 from ARC for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control
and Translation Project, which helps address diabetes in distressed areas
throughout Appalachia. Since 2002, ARC and the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) have sponsored Marshall's efforts to support local coalitions
focused on diabetes education and prevention for thousands of people each year.
This funding will provide additional training and technical assistance, and
support continued grant assistance for the strongest coalitions. This ARC grant
of $400,000 includes $200,000 in transferred CDC funds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Capito and Manchin Announce $3 Million in ARC Grants for West
Virginia

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Shelley Moore Capito has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) today
announced that four West Virginia projects will receive a total of $3 million
from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) for infrastructure, health and
economic development improvements.





 The Logan County Public Service District's Phase III-B1 Wastewater project will
receive $1,500,000; the Town of Union's Water System Improvements project will
receive $1,000,000; the West Virginia Development Office's West Virginia
Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program will receive $100,000; and the
Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will receive
$400,000 for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control and Translation
Project.



 &ldquo;This funding gives a needed boost to struggling West Virginia
communities,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;By improving local water and
sewer programs, investing in economic development initiatives and supporting
diabetes education and prevention, these programs will help improve the quality
of life in some of our most rural communities and pave the way for economic
growth.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;By investing in water infrastructure improvements, economic development,
and health education and prevention programs, we are enhancing the quality of
life for so many West Virginians and helping to revitalize our
communities,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;This funding will provide
underserved communities with access to the resources necessary to keep West
Virginians safe and healthy and create new economic opportunities.&rdquo;



 Program Details:







     The Logan County Public Service District will receive $1,500,000 from ARC
for the Phase III-B1 Wastewater project, which will provide sewer service to 116
households and 15 businesses in Lower Island Creek Road, Cherry Tree, Whites
Addition, Yuma Camp and surrounding areas. The businesses and residents of the
project area do not currently have access to a public wastewater system. This
project will help provide safe and reliable sewer service and attract future
investments in the region. In addition to ARC funding, other federal sources
will provide $836,000, and local sources will provide $2,230,000, bringing the
total project funding to $4,566,000.







     The Town of Union will receive $1,000,000 from ARC for the Union Water
System Improvements project. This project will significantly contribute to the
region's community and economic development goals by increasing the town's water
storage, enhancing reliability, providing the foundation for future water line
extensions to unserved communities and enabling a local manufacturing company to
expand production and create new jobs. In addition to ARC funding, other federal
sources will provide $1,023,000 and local sources will provide $507,000,
bringing the total project funding to $2,530,000.







     The West Virginia Development Office will receive $100,000 from ARC for the
West Virginia Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program. This program
will provide mini-grants for up to $10,000 per project to fund small-scale,
non-construction community development projects. The program is targeted to
serve the state's eight distressed counties, 17 at-risk counties and selected
transitional counties. Highest priority will be given to projects associated
with WV Blueprint Communities and the Turn This Town Around Initiative. In
addition to ARC funding, the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation will provide
$75,000 and local sources will provide $17,300, bringing the total project
funding to $192,300.







     The Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will
receive $400,000 from ARC for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control
and Translation Project, which helps address diabetes in distressed areas
throughout Appalachia. Since 2002, ARC and the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) have sponsored Marshall's efforts to support local coalitions
focused on diabetes education and prevention for thousands of people each year.
This funding will provide additional training and technical assistance, and
support continued grant assistance for the strongest coalitions. This ARC grant
of $400,000 includes $200,000 in transferred CDC funds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) Inviting Applications for the Rural
Community Development Initiative (RCDI) for Fiscal Year 2014

LENGTH: 9804  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice announces the availability of $5,967,000 in Fiscal Year (FY) 2014
funding for competitive grant funds for the Rural Community Development
Initiative (RCDI) program through the Rural Housing Service (RHS), an agency
within the USDA Rural Development mission area herein referred to as the Agency.
Applicants must provide matching funds in an amount at least equal to the
Federal grant. These grants will be made to qualified intermediary organizations
that will provide financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop
their capacity and ability to undertake projects related to housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development that will support the
community.

This Notice lists the information needed to submit an application for these
funds.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Part I--Funding Opportunity Description
    Part II--Award Information
    Part III--Eligibility Information
    A. Eligible Applicants
    B. Program Definitions
    C. Cost Sharing or Matching
    D. Other Program Requirements
    E. Eligible Fund Uses
    F. Ineligible Fund Uses
    G. Program Examples and Restrictions
    Part IV--Application and Submission Information
    A. Address To Request Application Package
    B. Content and Form of Application Submission
    C. Other Submission Information
    D. Funding Restrictions
    Part V--Application Review Information
    A. Evaluation Criteria
    1. Building Capacity--Maximum 60 Points
    2. Expertise--Maximum 30 Points
    3. Population--Maximum 30 Points
    4. Income--Maximum 30 Points
    5. Soundness of Approach--Maximum 50 Points
    6. Technical assistance for the development of Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements--Maximum 20 Points
    7. Regional Collaboration Applications--Maximum 20 Points
    8. Local Investment Points--Maximum 20 Points
    9. Investing in Manufacturing Communities--Maximum 25 Points
    10. State Director's Points Based on Project Merit--Maximum 20 Points
    11. Support of Agency's Strategic Goals--Maximum 20 Points
    12. StrikeForce, Promise Zones and census tracts with poverty rates greater
than or equal to 20 percent--Maximum 20 Points
    B. Review and Selection Process
    1. Rating and ranking
    2. Initial screening
    Part VI--Award Administration Information
    A. General Information
    B. Award Notice
    C. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    D. Reporting
    Part VII--Agency Contact
    Part VIII--Nondiscrimination Statement
    Non-Discrimination Policy
    To File a Program Complaint
    Persons With Disabilities
    Part IX--Appeal Process

DATES: Back to Top

The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, November 12,
2014. The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any
application received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due
applications will not be accepted.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the application documents
and requirements delineated in this Notice from the RCDI Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HAD-RCDI_Grants.html.

Application information for electronic submissions may be found at http://www.
grants.gov.

Applicants may also request paper application packages from the Rural
Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development State offices can
be found via
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/SupportDocuments/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

The Rural Development office for the state the applicant is located. A list of
Rural Development State Office contacts can be found via
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/SupportDocuments/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
Paperwork Reduction Act

The paperwork burden has been cleared by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) under OMB Control Number 0575-0180.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Community Development Initiative.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.446.

Dates: The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, November
12, 2014. The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider
any application received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due
applications will not be accepted.
Part I--Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top

Congress, in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub. L. 113-76)
authorized the RCDI to develop the capacity and ability of qualified private,
nonprofit community-based housing and community development organizations,
low-income rural communities, and federally recognized Native American Tribes to
undertake projects related to housing, community facilities, or community and
economic development in rural areas.
Part II--Award Information Back to Top

Congress appropriated $5,967,000 in FY 2014 for the RCDI program. Qualified
private, nonprofit and public (including tribal) intermediary organizations
proposing to carry out financial and technical assistance programs will be
eligible to receive the funding. The intermediary will be required to provide
matching funds in an amount at least equal to the RCDI grant.

The respective minimum and maximum grant amount per intermediary is $50,000 and
$250,000.

The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical assistance to
a private, nonprofit community-based housing and development organization, a
low-income rural community or a federally recognized tribe.
Part III--Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Eligible Applicants

1. Qualified private, nonprofit, (including faith-based and community
organizations and philanthropic foundations), in accordance with 7 CFR part 16,
and public (including tribal) intermediary organizations. Definitions that
describe eligible organizations and other key terms are listed below.

2. RCDI grantees that have an outstanding grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, will not be eligible to apply for this
round of funding. Grant and matching funds must be utilized in a timely manner
to ensure that the goals and objectives of the program are met.
B. Program Definitions

Agency--The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor.

Beneficiary--Entities or individuals that receive benefits from assistance
provided by the recipient.

Capacity--The ability of a recipient to implement housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development projects.

Conflict of interest--A situation in which a person or entity has competing
personal, professional, or financial interests that make it difficult for the
person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both grant and matching
funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a real
or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or
their immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the
outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used for services or
goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent
conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their
immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the
grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either, have
the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant.

Federally recognized tribes--Tribal entities recognized and eligible for funding
and services from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, based on the current notice in
the Federal Register published by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Tribally
Designated Housing Entities are eligible RCDI recipients.

Financial assistance--Funds, not to exceed $10,000 per award, used by the
intermediary to purchase supplies and equipment to build the recipient's
capacity.

Funds--The RCDI grant and matching money.

Intermediary--A qualified private, nonprofit (including faith-based and
community organizations and philanthropic organizations), or public (including
tribal) organization that provides financial and technical assistance to
multiple recipients.

Low-income rural community--An authority, district, economic development
authority, regional council, or unit of government representing an incorporated
city, town, village, county, township, parish, or borough whose income is at or
below 80 percent of either the state or national Median Household Income as
measured by the 2010 Census.

Matching funds--Cash or confirmed funding commitments. Matching funds must be at
least equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not less than the
grant performance period.

Recipient--The entity that receives the financial and technical assistance from
the Intermediary. The recipient must be a nonprofit community-based housing and
development organization, a low-income rural community or a federally recognized
Tribe.

Regional Collaboration--Multi-jurisdictional areas typically within a State,
territory, or federally-designated Tribal land but which can cross State,
territory, or Tribal boundaries. The Regional Collaboration approach is intended
to combine the resources of the Agency with those of State and local
governments, educational institutions, and the private and nonprofit sectors to
implement regional economic and community development strategies.

Rural and rural area--Any area other than (i) a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and (ii) the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such city or town.

Technical assistance--Skilled help in improving the recipient's abilities in the
areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic development.
C. Cost Sharing or Matching

Matching funds are cash or confirmed funding commitments and must be at least
equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not less than the grant
performance period. These funds can only be used for eligible RCDI activities.
Matching funds must be used to support the overall purpose of the RCDI program.

In-kind contributions such as salaries, donated time and effort, real and
nonexpendable personal property and goods and services cannot be used as
matching funds.

Grant funds and matching funds must be used in equal proportions. This does not
mean funds have to be used equally by line item.

The request for advance or reimbursement and supporting documentation must show
that RCDI fund usage does not exceed the cumulative amount of matching funds
used.

Grant funds will be disbursed pursuant to relevant provisions of 7 CFR parts
3015, 3016, and 3019, as applicable. Verification of matching funds must be
submitted with the application.

The intermediary is responsible for demonstrating that matching funds are
available, and committed for a period of not less than the grant performance
period to the RCDI proposal. Matching funds may be provided by the intermediary
or a third party. Other Federal funds may be used as matching funds if
authorized by statute and the purpose of the funds is an eligible RCDI purpose.

RCDI funds will be disbursed on an advance or reimbursement basis. Matching
funds cannot be expended prior to execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.

No reimbursement will be made for any funds expended prior to execution of the
RCDI Grant Agreement unless the intermediary is a non-profit or educational
entity and has requested and received written Agency approval of the costs prior
to the actual expenditure.

This exception is applicable for up to 90 days prior to grant closing and only
applies to grantees that have received written approval but have not executed
the RCDI Grant Agreement.

The Agency cannot retroactively approve reimbursement for expenditures prior to
execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.
D. Other Program Requirements

1. The recipient and beneficiary, but not the intermediary, must be located in
an eligible rural area. The physical location of the recipient's office that
will be receiving the financial and technical assistance must be in an eligible
rural area. If the recipient is a low-income community, the median household
income of the area where the office is located must be at or below 80 percent of
the State or national median household income, whichever is higher. The
applicable Rural Development State Office can assist in determining the
eligibility of an area.

A listing of Rural Development State Office contacts can be found via
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/SupportDocuments/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. A map
showing eligible rural areas can be found at the following link:
http://eligibility.test.sc.egov.usda.gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do?pageAction
=RBSmenu&NavKey=property@13.

2. The recipient must be a nonprofit, which may include a faith-based
organization, philanthropic foundation, community-based housing and development
organization, low-income rural community, or federally recognized tribe based on
the RCDI definitions of these groups.

3. Documentation must be submitted to verify recipient eligibility. Acceptable
documentation varies depending on the type of recipient. Private nonprofit,
faith or community-based organizations must provide a certificate of
incorporation and good standing from the Secretary of the State of
incorporation, or other similar and valid documentation of nonprofit status. For
low-income rural community recipients, the Agency requires evidence that the
entity is a public body and census data verifying that the median household
income of the community where the office receiving the financial and technical
assistance is located is at, or below, 80 percent of the State or national
median household income, whichever is higher.

For federally recognized tribes, the Agency needs the page listing their name
from the current Federal Register list of tribal entities recognized and
eligible for funding services (see the definition of federally recognized tribes
in this Notice for details on this list).

4. Individuals cannot be recipients.

5. The intermediary must provide matching funds at least equal to the amount of
the grant. Verification of matching funds must be submitted with the
application. Matching funds must be committed for a period equal to the grant
performance period.

6. The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical assistance
to the recipient.

7. The intermediary organization must have been legally organized for a minimum
of 3 years and have at least 3 years prior experience working with private
nonprofit community-based housing and development organizations, low-income
rural communities, or tribal organizations in the areas of housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development.

8. Proposals must be structured to utilize the grant funds within 3 years from
the date of the award.

9. Each applicant, whether singularly or jointly, may only submit one
application for RCDI funds under this Notice. This restriction does not preclude
the applicant from providing matching funds for other applications.

10. Recipients can benefit from more than one RCDI application; however, after
grant selections are made, the recipient can only benefit from multiple RCDI
grants if the type of financial and technical assistance the recipient will
receive is not duplicative. The services described in multiple RCDI grant
applications must have separate and identifiable accounts for compliance
purposes.

11. The intermediary and the recipient cannot be the same entity. The recipient
can be a related entity to the intermediary, if it meets the definition of a
recipient, provided the relationship does not create a conflict of interest that
cannot be resolved to Rural Development's satisfaction.

12. A nonprofit recipient must provide evidence that it is a valid nonprofit
when the intermediary applies for the RCDI grant. Organizations with pending
requests for nonprofit designations are not eligible.

13. If the recipient is a low-income rural community, identify the unit of
government to which the financial and technical assistance will be provided,
e.g., town council or village board. The financial and technical assistance must
be provided to the organized unit of government representing that community, not
the community at large.

14. If a grantee has an outstanding RCDI grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, it is not eligible to apply for this round
of funding.

15. The indirect cost category in the project budget should be used only when a
grant applicant has a federally negotiated indirect cost rate. A copy of the
current rate agreement must be provided with the application.

16. Grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number and register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior
to submitting a pre-application pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an
entity applicant must maintain registration in SAM at all times during which it
has an active Federal award or an application or plan under construction by the
Agency. Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier subawards and executive compensation in
accordance to 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
E. Eligible Fund Uses

Fund uses must be consistent with the RCDI purpose. A nonexclusive list of
eligible grant uses includes the following:

1. Provide technical assistance to develop recipients' capacity and ability to
undertake projects related to housing, community facilities, or community and
economic development, e.g., the intermediary hires a staff person to provide
technical assistance to the recipient or the recipient hires a staff person,
under the supervision of the intermediary, to carry out the technical assistance
provided by the intermediary.

2. Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct community development programs,
e.g., homeownership education or training for business entrepreneurs.

3. Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct development initiatives, e.g.,
programs that support micro-enterprise and sustainable development.

4. Develop the capacity of recipients to increase their leveraging ability and
access to alternative funding sources by providing training and staffing.

5. Develop the capacity of recipients to provide the technical assistance
component for essential community facilities projects.

6. Assist recipients in completing pre-development requirements for housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development projects by
providing resources for professional services, e.g., architectural, engineering,
or legal.

7. Improve recipient's organizational capacity by providing training and
resource material on developing strategic plans, board operations, management,
financial systems, and information technology.

8. Purchase of computers, software, and printers, limited to $10,000 per award,
at the recipient level when directly related to the technical assistance program
being undertaken by the intermediary.

9. Provide funds to recipients for training-related travel costs and training
expenses related to RCDI.
F. Ineligible Fund Uses

The following is a list of ineligible grant uses:

1. Pass-through grants, capacity grants, and any funds provided to the recipient
in a lump sum that are not reimbursements.

2. Funding a revolving loan fund (RLF).

3. Construction (in any form).

4. Salaries for positions involved in construction, renovations, rehabilitation,
and any oversight of these types of activities.

5. Intermediary preparation of strategic plans for recipients.

6. Funding prostitution, gambling, or any illegal activities.

7. Grants to individuals.

8. Funding a grant where there may be a conflict of interest, or an appearance
of a conflict of interest, involving any action by the Agency.

9. Paying obligations incurred before the beginning date without prior Agency
approval or after the ending date of the grant agreement.

10. Purchasing real estate.

11. Improvement or renovation of the grantee's, or recipient's office space or
for the repair or maintenance of privately owned vehicles.

12. Any purpose prohibited in 7 CFR parts 3015, 3016, or 3019, as applicable.

13. Using funds for recipient's general operating costs.

14. Using grant or matching funds for Individual Development Accounts.

15. Purchasing vehicles.
G. Program Examples and Restrictions

The purpose of this initiative is to develop or increase the recipient's
capacity through a program of financial and technical assistance to perform in
the areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development. Strengthening the recipient's capacity in these areas will benefit
the communities they serve. The RCDI structure requires the intermediary
(grantee) to provide a program of financial and technical assistance to
recipients.

The recipients will, in turn, provide programs to their communities
(beneficiaries). The following are examples of eligible and ineligible purposes
under the RCDI program. (These examples are illustrative and are not meant to
limit the activities proposed in the application. Activities that meet the
objectives of the RCDI program and meet the criteria outlined in this Notice
will be considered eligible.)

1. The intermediary must work directly with the recipient, not the ultimate
beneficiaries. As an example:

The intermediary provides training to the recipient on how to conduct
homeownership education classes. The recipient then provides ongoing
homeownership education to the residents of the community--the ultimate
beneficiaries. This "train the trainer" concept fully meets the intent of this
initiative. The intermediary is providing technical assistance that will build
the recipient's capacity by enabling them to conduct homeownership education
classes for the public.

This is an eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary directly provided
homeownership education classes to individuals in the recipient's service area,
this would not be an eligible purpose because the recipient would be bypassed.

2. If the intermediary is working with a low-income community as the recipient,
the intermediary must provide the technical assistance to the entity that
represents the low-income community and is identified in the application.
Examples of entities representing a low-income community are a village board or
a town council.

If the intermediary provides technical assistance to the Board of the low-income
community on how to establish a cooperative, this would be an eligible purpose.
However, if the intermediary works directly with individuals from the community
to establish the cooperative, this is not an eligible purpose.

The recipient's capacity is built by learning skills that will enable them to
support sustainable economic development in their communities on an ongoing
basis.

3. The intermediary may provide technical assistance to the recipient on how to
create and operate a revolving loan fund. The intermediary may not monitor or
operate the revolving loan fund. RCDI funds, including matching funds, cannot be
used to fund revolving loan funds.

4. The intermediary may work with recipients in building their capacity to
provide planning and leadership development training. The recipients of this
training would be expected to assume leadership roles in the development and
execution of regional strategic plans. The intermediary would work with multiple
recipients in helping communities recognize their connections to the greater
regional and national economies.

5. The intermediary could provide training and technical assistance to the
recipients on developing emergency shelter and feeding, short-term housing,
search and rescue, and environmental accident, prevention, and cleanup program
plans. For longer term disaster and economic crisis responses, the intermediary
could work with the recipients to develop job placement and training programs,
and develop coordinated transit systems for displaced workers.
Part IV--Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. Address To Request Application Package

Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the application documents
and requirements delineated in this Notice from the RCDI Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HAD-RCDI_Grants.html.

Application information for electronic submissions may be found at http://www.
grants.gov.

Applicants may also request paper application packages from the Rural
Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development State office
contacts can be found via
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/SupportDocuments/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
B. Content and Form of Application Submission

If the applicant is ineligible or the application is incomplete, the Agency will
inform the applicant in writing of the decision, reasons therefore, and its
appeal rights and no further evaluation of the application will occur.

A complete application for RCDI funds must include the following:

1. A summary page, double-spaced between items, listing the following: (This
information should not be presented in narrative form.)

a. Applicant's name,

b. Applicant's address,

c. Applicant's telephone number,

d. Name of applicant's contact person and telephone number,

e. Applicant's fax number,

f. County where applicant is located,

g. Congressional district number where applicant is located,

h. Amount of grant request, and

i. Number of recipients.

2. A detailed Table of Contents containing page numbers for each component of
the application.

3. A project overview, no longer than five pages, including the following items,
which will also be addressed separately and in detail under "Building Capacity"
of the "Evaluation Criteria."

a. The type of technical assistance to be provided to the recipients and how it
will be implemented.

b. How the capacity and ability of the recipients will be improved.

c. The overall goals to be accomplished.

d. The benchmarks to be used to measure the success of the program. Benchmarks
should be specific and quantifiable.

4. Organizational documents, such as a certificate of incorporation and a
current good standing certification from the Secretary of State where the
applicant is incorporated and other similar and valid documentation of
non-profit status, from the intermediary that confirms it has been legally
organized for a minimum of 3 years as the applicant entity.

5. Verification of source and amount of matching funds, e.g., a copy of a bank
statement if matching funds are in cash or a copy of the confirmed funding
commitment from the funding source.

The verification must show that matching funds are available for the duration of
the grant performance period. The verification of matching funds must be
submitted with the application or the application will be considered incomplete.

The applicant will be contacted by the Agency prior to grant award to verify
that the matching funds provided with the application continue to be available.
The applicant will have 15 days from the date contacted to submit verification
that matching funds continue to be available.

If the applicant is unable to provide the verification within that timeframe,
the application will be considered ineligible. The applicant must maintain bank
statements on file or other documentation for a period of at least 3 years after
grant closing except that the records shall be retained beyond the 3-year period
if audit findings have not been resolved.

6. The following information for each recipient:

a. Recipient's entity name,

b. Complete address (mailing and physical location, if different),

c. County where located,

d. Number of Congressional district where recipient is located,

e. Contact person's name and telephone number, and

f. Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement." If the Form RD 400-4 is not submitted
for a recipient, the recipient will be considered ineligible. No information
pertaining to that recipient will be included in the income or population
scoring criteria and the requested funding may be adjusted due to the deletion
of the recipient.

7. Submit evidence that each recipient entity is eligible:

a. Nonprofits--provide a current valid letter confirming non-profit status from
the Secretary of the State of incorporation or the IRS, a current good standing
certification from the Secretary of the State of incorporation, or other valid
documentation of nonprofit status of each recipient.

b. Low-income rural community--provide evidence the entity is a public body, and
a copy of the 2010 census data to verify the population, and evidence that the
median household income is at, or below, 80 percent of either the State or
national median household income. We will only accept data and printouts from
http://www.census.gov.

c. Federally recognized tribes--provide the page listing their name from the
Federal Register list of tribal entities published by the Bureau of Indian
Affairs on May 6, 2013 (78 FR 26384) or from the 2014 list which can be found at
http://www.bia.gov/cs/groups/public/documents/text/idc006989.

8. Each of the "Evaluation Criteria" must be addressed specifically and
individually by category. Present these criteria in narrative form.
Documentation must be limited to three pages per criterion. The "Population" and
"Income" criteria for recipient locations can be provided in the form of a list;
however, the source of the data must be included on the page(s).

9. A timeline identifying specific activities and proposed dates for completion.

10. A detailed project budget that includes the RCDI grant amount and matching
funds. This should be a line-item budget, by category. Categories such as
salaries, administrative, other, and indirect costs that pertain to the proposed
project must be clearly defined. Supporting documentation listing the components
of these categories must be included. The budget should be dated: Year 1, year
2, year 3, as applicable.

11. Form SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance." (Do not complete Form
SF-424A, "Budget Information." A separate line-item budget should be presented
as described in No. 13 of this section.)

12. Form SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

13. Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions."

14. Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion--Lower Tier Covered Transactions."

15. Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements."

16. Certification of Non-Lobbying Activities.

17. Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.

18. Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," for the applicant.

19. Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees. (A statement acknowledging whether or not a relationship exists is
required).

20. For grants, the applicant's Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
Systems (DUNS) number and registration in the System for Award Management (SAM)
in accordance with 2 CFR part 25. As required by the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), all grant applications must provide a DUNS number when applying
for Federal grants, on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a
DUNS number at no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at
1-866-705-5711 or via Internet at http://www.dnb.com/us/. Additional information
concerning this requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at
http://www.grants.gov. Similarly, applicants may register for SAM at
https://www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220.

The DUNS number should be identified in the "Organizational DUNS" field on
Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal Assistance." Since there are no
specific fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and
expiration date, they may be identified anywhere on the Form SF 424. If the
applicant does not provide the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS number
in the application, it will not be considered for funding. The required forms
and certifications can be downloaded from the RCDI Web site at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HAD-RCDI_Grants.html.
C. Other Submission Information

Survey on Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants, OMB No. 1894-0010 (applies
only to nonprofit applicants only--submission is optional).

The original application package must be submitted to the Rural Development
State Office where the applicant's headquarters is located. A listing of Rural
Development State Offices can be found via
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/SupportDocuments/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
Applications will not be accepted via FAX or electronic mail.

Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov. Grants.
gov contains full instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and
software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting
an electronic application. If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs
with an electronic application, please use the customer support resources
available at the Grants.gov Web site.

Technical difficulties submitting an application through Grants.gov will not be
a reason to extend the application deadline. If an application is unable to be
submitted through Grants.gov, a paper application must be received in the
appropriate Rural Development State Office by the deadline noted previously.

First time Grants.gov users should carefully read and follow the registration
steps listed on the Web site. These steps need to be initiated early in the
application process to avoid delays in submitting your application online.

In order to register with System for Award Management (SAM), your organization
will need a DUNS number. Be sure to complete the Marketing Partner ID (MPID) and
Electronic Business Primary Point of Contact fields during the SAM registration
process.

These are mandatory fields that are required when submitting grant applications
through Grants.gov. Additional application instructions for submitting an
electronic application can be found by selecting this funding opportunity on
Grants.gov.
D. Funding Restrictions

Meeting expenses. In accordance with 31 U.S.C. 1345, "Expenses of Meetings,"
appropriations may not be used for travel, transportation, and subsistence
expenses for a meeting. RCDI grant funds cannot be used for these
meeting-related expenses. Matching funds may, however, be used to pay for these
expenses.

RCDI funds may be used to pay for a speaker as part of a program, equipment to
facilitate the program, and the actual room that will house the meeting.

RCDI funds cannot be used for meetings; they can, however, be used for travel,
transportation, or subsistence expenses for program-related training and
technical assistance purposes. Any training not delineated in the application
must be approved by the Agency to verify compliance with 31 U.S.C. 1345. Travel
and per diem expenses (including meals and incidental expenses) will be similar
to those paid to Agency employees.

Rates are based upon location. Rate information can be obtained from the
applicable Rural Development State Office. When lodging is not available at the
government rate, grantees and recipients may exceed the Government rate for
lodging by a maximum of 20 percent.

Grantees and recipients will be restricted to traveling coach class on common
carrier airlines. Mileage and gas reimbursement will be the same rate used by
Agency employees. This rate may be obtained from the applicable Rural
Development State Office.
Part V--Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Evaluation Criteria

Applications will be evaluated using the following criteria and weights:
1. Building Capacity--Maximum 60 Points

The applicant must demonstrate how they will improve the recipients' capacity,
through a program of financial and technical assistance, as it relates to the
RCDI purposes.

Capacity-building financial and technical assistance should provide new
functions to the recipients or expand existing functions that will enable the
recipients to undertake projects in the areas of housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development that will benefit the community.
Capacity-building financial and technical assistance may include, but is not
limited to: training to conduct community development programs, e.g.,
homeownership education, or the establishment of minority business
entrepreneurs, cooperatives, or micro-enterprises; organizational development,
e.g., assistance to develop or improve board operations, management, and
financial systems; instruction on how to develop and implement a strategic plan;
instruction on how to access alternative funding sources to increase leveraging
opportunities; staffing, e.g., hiring a person at intermediary or recipient
level to provide technical assistance to recipients.

The program of financial and technical assistance provided, its delivery, and
the measurability of the program's effectiveness will determine the merit of the
application.

All applications will be competitively ranked with the applications providing
the most improvement in capacity development and measurable activities being
ranked the highest.

a. The narrative response must:

i. Describe the nature of financial and technical assistance to be provided to
the recipients and the activities that will be conducted to deliver the
technical assistance;

ii. Explain how financial and technical assistance will develop or increase the
recipient's capacity. Indicate whether a new function is being developed or if
existing functions are being expanded or performed more effectively;

iii. Identify which RCDI purpose areas will be addressed with this assistance:
Housing, community facilities, or community and economic development; and

iv. Describe how the results of the technical assistance will be measured. What
benchmarks will be used to measure effectiveness? Benchmarks should be specific
and quantifiable.

b. The maximum 60 points for this criterion will be broken down as follows:

i. Type of financial and technical assistance and implementation activities. 35
points.

ii. An explanation of how financial and technical assistance will develop
capacity. 10 points.

iii. Identification of the RCDI purpose. 5 points.

iv. Measurement of outcomes. 10 points.
2. Expertise--Maximum 30 Points

The applicant must demonstrate that it has conducted programs of financial and
technical assistance and achieved measurable results in the areas of housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.

Provide the name, contact information, and the type and amount of the financial
and technical assistance the applicant organization has provided to the
following for the last 3 years:

a. Nonprofit organizations in rural areas.

b. Low-income communities in rural areas (also include the type of entity, e.g.,
city government, town council, or village board).

c. Federally recognized tribes or any other culturally diverse organizations.
3. Population--Maximum 30 Points

Population is based on the average population from the 2010 census data for the
communities in which the recipients are located. The physical address, not
mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this criterion. Community
is defined for scoring purposes as a city, town, village, county, parish,
borough, or census-designated place where the recipient's office is physically
located.

The applicant must submit the census data from the following Web site in the
form of a printout of the applicable "Fact Sheet" to verify the population
figures used for each recipient. The data can be accessed on the Internet at
http://www.census.gov; click on "American FactFinder," fill in field and click
"Go"; the name and population data for each recipient location must be listed in
this section.

The average population of the recipient locations will be used and will be
scored as follows:
Population  Scoring (points)
5,000 or less  30
5,001 to 10,000  20
10,001 to 20,000  10
20,001 to 50,000  5
4. Income--Maximum 30 Points

The average of the median household income for the communities where the
recipients are physically located will determine the points awarded. The
physical address, not mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this
criterion. Applicants may compare the average recipient median household income
to the State median household income or the national median household income,
whichever yields the most points. The national median household income to be
used is $51,914.

The applicant must submit the income data in the form of a printout of the
applicable information from the following Web site to verify the income for each
recipient.

The data being used is from the 2010 census. The data can be accessed on the
Internet at http://www.census.gov; click on "American FactFinder," fill in field
and click "Go"; the name and income data for each recipient location must be
listed in this section. Points will be awarded as follows:
Average recipient median income  Scoring (points)
Less than 60 percent of state or national median household income  30
From 60 to 70 percent of state or national median household income  20
Greater than 70 to 80 percent of state or national median household income  10
In excess of 80 percent of state or national median household income  0
5. Soundness of Approach--Maximum 50 Points

The applicant can receive up to 50 points for soundness of approach. The overall
proposal will be considered under this criterion. Applicants must list the page
numbers in the application that address these factors.

The maximum 50 points for this criterion will be broken down as follows:

a. The ability to provide the proposed financial and technical assistance based
on prior accomplishments has been demonstrated. 10 Points.

b. The proposed financial and technical assistance program is clearly stated and
the applicant has defined how this proposal will be implemented. The plan for
implementation is viable. 10 Points.

c. Cost effectiveness will be evaluated based on the budget in the application.
The proposed grant amount and matching funds should be utilized to maximize
capacity building at the recipient level. 15 points.

d. The proposal fits the objectives for which applications were invited. 15
points.
6. Technical assistance for the development of Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements--Maximum 20 Points

The applicant must demonstrate how they will improve the recipients' capacity to
carry out activities related to the development of renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements for housing, community facilities, or community
and economic development.
7. Regional Collaboration Applications--Maximum 20 Points

The Agency encourages applications that promote substantive economic growth,
including job creation, as well as specifically addressing the circumstances of
those sectors within the region that have fewer prospects and the greatest need
for improved economic opportunity.

A Regional Collaboration project should implement goals, objectives or actions
identified in a Regional Strategic Plan which addresses priorities specified at
a regional scale. Applications should demonstrate:

a. Clear leadership at the Intermediary level in organizing and coordinating a
regional initiative;

b. Evidence that the Recipient's region has a common economic basis that
supports the likelihood of success in implementing its strategy; and

c. Evidence that technical assistance will be provided that will increase the
Recipient's capacity to assess their circumstance, determine a long term
sustainable vision for the region, and implement a comprehensive strategic plan,
including identifying performance measures and establishing a system to collect
the data to allow assessment of those performance measures.
8. Local Investment Points--Maximum 20 Points

Intermediaries must be physically located in an eligible rural community and
must include evidence of investment in the community. The intent is to ensure
that RCDI funds are expended in the rural community.
9. Investing in Manufacturing Communities--Maximum 25 Points

Grant applicants demonstrating a technical assistance plan to help boost
investing in manufacturing communities will be awarded a maximum of 25
additional points.

The applicant must demonstrate how their efforts will attract manufacturers and
their supply chain of local innovators, producers, and distributors to create
new jobs and strengthen the local economy. Applicant must demonstrate how it
will support the redevelopment of manufacturing communities that have had major
plant closings, in partnership with local leaders, workers and businesses. The
maximum 25 points for this criterion will be awarded as follows:

a. Demonstrates how this project will attract manufacturing to the region. (10
points)

b. The ability to provide technical assistance to develop and implement long
term strategies to orient the communities' and regions' economies for
innovation, job creation, and export promotion. (5 Points)

c. Emphasizes some combination of public-private partnership, including higher
education collaboration. (5 Points)

d. Demonstrates how this project will lead to further development of the
region's industrial ecosystem. (5 points)
10. State Director's Points Based on Project Merit--Maximum 20 Points

a. This criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant.

b. Up to 20 points may be awarded by the Rural Development State Director to any
application that benefits their state regardless of whether the applicant is
headquartered in their state.

c. When an intermediary submits an application that will benefit a state that is
not the same as the state in which the intermediary is headquartered, it is the
intermediary's responsibility to notify the State Director of the state which is
receiving the benefit of their application. In such cases, State Directors
awarding points to applications benefiting their state must notify the reviewing
state in writing.

d. State Directors have a maximum of 20 points per state that may be awarded to
one or more applications.

e. The total points that may be awarded to any application may not exceed 20.

f. Assignment of any points under this criterion requires a written
justification and must be tied to and awarded based on how closely the
application aligns with the Rural Development State Office's strategic goals.
11. Support of Agency's Strategic Goals--Maximum 20 Points

This criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant. The Agency
Administrator may award up to 20 points to any application to the extent that
the application supports Strategic Goal One in the USDA Strategic Plan
2014-2018. This plan can be found at the following link:
www.usda.gov/documents/usda-strategic-plan-fy-2014-2018.pdf.
12. StrikeForce, Promise Zones and census tracts with poverty rates greater than
or equal to 20 percent--Maximum 20 Points

Applicants can receive 20 points if their project is based in or serving
StrikeForce, Promise Zones or census tracts with poverty rates greater than or
equal to 20 percent and are eligible under this RCDI program. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of life for rural
Americans and our commitment to directing resources to those who most need them.

USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity Initiative is part of the
Agency's commitment to growing economies, increasing investments and creating
opportunities in poverty-stricken rural communities. The Promise Zone Initiative
designates a number of high poverty urban, rural and tribal communities as
Promise Zones, where the federal government will partner with and invest in
communities to create jobs, leverage private investment, increase economic
activity, expand educational opportunities, and improve public safety. For a
listing of StrikeForce areas and designated Promise Zones, click on the
following link: http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=STRIKE_FORCE,
then click the StrikeForce or Promise Zones button from the left menu. For a
mapping tool identifying census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal
to 20 percent, click on the following link:
http://rdgdwe.sc.egov.usda.gov/rdpoverty/index.html.

The maximum 20 points for this criterion will be awarded for any of the
following:

a. StrikeForce--The project serves a StrikeForce area. Identify the StrikeForce
area and clearly demonstrate to what extent the project will support the
StrikeForce area.

b. Promise Zones--The project serves a Promise Zone, and eligible applicant
provides evidence of partnership with a Promise Zone Lead Applicant
organization. Identify the specific Promise Zone, the expected benefits of the
project to the Promise Zone strategy, and a statement expressing the nature of
the partnership with the Promise Zone Lead Applicant organization. Or,

c. Poverty greater than or equal to 20 percent--At least 50 percent of the
combined recipient(s) service area includes census tracts with poverty rates
greater than or equal to 20 percent. Must provide the address and census tract
in which the recipient will conduct or deliver approved project activity.
B. Review and Selection Process
1. Rating and ranking

Applications will be rated and ranked on a national basis by a review panel
based on the "Evaluation Criteria" contained in this Notice.

If there is a tied score after the applications have been rated and ranked, the
tie will be resolved by reviewing the scores for "Building Capacity" and the
applicant with the highest score in that category will receive a higher ranking.
If the scores for "Building Capacity" are the same, the scores will be compared
for the next criterion, in sequential order, until one highest score can be
determined.
2. Initial screening

The Agency will screen each application to determine eligibility during the
period immediately following the application deadline. Listed below are examples
of reasons for rejection from previous funding rounds. The following reasons for
rejection are not all inclusive; however, they represent the majority of the
applications previously rejected.

a. Recipients were not located in eligible rural areas based on the definition
in this Notice.

b. Applicants failed to provide evidence of recipient's status, i.e.,
documentation supporting nonprofit evidence of organization.

c. Applicants failed to provide evidence of committed matching funds or matching
funds were not committed for a period at least equal to the grant performance
period.

d. Application did not follow the RCDI structure with an intermediary and
recipients.

e. Recipients were not identified in the application.

f. Intermediary did not provide evidence it had been incorporated for at least 3
years as the applicant entity.

g. Applicants failed to address the "Evaluation Criteria."

h. The purpose of the proposal did not qualify as an eligible RCDI purpose.

i. Inappropriate use of funds (e.g., construction or renovations).

j. The applicant proposed providing financial and technical assistance directly
to individuals.

k. The application package not received by closing date and time.
Part VI--Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. General Information

Within the limit of funds available for such purpose, the awarding official of
the Agency shall make grants in ranked order to eligible applicants under the
procedures set forth in this Notice.
B. Award Notice

Applicants will be notified of selection by letter. In addition, selected
applicants will be requested to verify that components of the application have
not changed at the time of selection and on the award obligation date, if
requested by the Agency.

The award is not approved until all information has been verified, and the
awarding official of the Agency has signed Form RD 1940-1, "Request for
Obligation of Funds."

Unsuccessful applicants will receive notification including appeal rights by
mail.
C. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Grantees will be required to do the following:

1. Execute a Rural Community Development Initiative Grant Agreement.

2. Execute Form RD 1940-1.

3. Use Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," to request
reimbursements. Provide receipts for expenditures, timesheets and any other
documentation to support the request for reimbursement.

4. Provide financial status and project performance reports on a quarterly basis
starting with the first full quarter after the grant award.

5. Maintain a financial management system that is acceptable to the Agency.

6. Ensure that records are maintained to document all activities and
expenditures utilizing RCDI grant funds and matching funds. Receipts for
expenditures will be included in this documentation.

7. Provide annual audits or management reports on Form RD 442-2, "Statement of
Budget, Income and Equity," and Form RD 442-3, "Balance Sheet," depending on the
amount of Federal funds expended and the outstanding balance.

8. Collect and maintain data provided by recipients on race, sex, and national
origin and ensure recipients collect and maintain the same data on
beneficiaries. Race and ethnicity data will be collected in accordance with OMB
Federal Register notice, "Revisions to the Standards for the Classification of
Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity," (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data
will be collected in accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of
1972. These items should not be submitted with the application but should be
available upon request by the Agency.

9. Provide a final project performance report.

10. Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees.

11. The intermediary and recipient must comply with Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Executive Order 12250, and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart
E.

12. The grantee must comply with policies, guidance, and requirements as
described in the following applicable OMB Circulars and Code of Federal
Regulations:

a. OMB Circular A-87 (Cost Principles for State, Local, and Indian Tribal
Government);

b. OMB Circular A-122 (Cost Principles for Non-profit Organizations);

c. OMB Circular A-133 (Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-Profit
Organizations);

d. 7 CFR part 3015 (Uniform Federal Assistance Regulations);

e. 7 CFR part 3016 (Uniform Administrative Requirements for Grants and
Cooperative Agreements to State and Local Governments);

f. 2 CFR parts 417 and 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension
(Nonprocurement);

g. 7 CFR part 3019 (Uniform Administrative Requirements for Grants and
Agreements with Institutions of Higher Education, Hospitals, and Other
Non-profit Organizations); and

h. 7 CFR part 3052 (Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-Profit
Organizations).
D. Reporting

Reporting requirements can be found in the Grant Agreement.
Part VII--Agency Contact Back to Top

Contact the Rural Development office in the State where the applicant's
headquarters is located. A list of Rural Development State Offices is included
in this Notice.
Part VIII--Nondiscrimination Statement Back to Top
Non-Discrimination Policy

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
To File a Program Complaint

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form.

You may also write a letter containing all of the information requested in the
form. Send your completed complaint form or letter to us by mail at U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email.

If you require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Part IX--Appeal Process Back to Top

All adverse determinations regarding applicant eligibility and the awarding of
points as part of the selection process are appealable pursuant to 7 CFR part
11. Instructions on the appeal process will be provided at the time an applicant
is notified of the adverse decision.

In the event the applicant is awarded a grant that is less than the amount
requested, the applicant will be required to modify its application to conform
to the reduced amount before execution of the grant agreement. The Agency
reserves the right to reduce or withdraw the award if acceptable modifications
are not submitted by the awardee within 15 working days from the date the
request for modification is made. Any modifications must be within the scope of
the original application.

Dated: August 1, 2014.

Tony Hernandez,

Administrator, Rural Housing Service.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                           September 4, 2010 Saturday

New name but same aim to gel community

BYLINE:  Melissa Grant

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 361  words


MACKAY'S social development group has a new name, new logo and new initiatives
to match.

Mackay Regional Council for Social Development (MRCSD) yesterday relaunched
itself as the Regional Social Development Centre (RSDC).

RSDC volunteer president Shane Hopkinson said the group had been known as the
MRCSD since 1974, but a name change was required as the public mistakenly
thought the group came under the umbrella of the Mackay Regional Council.

Mr Hopkinson also said the social development centre had a new strategic plan.

"We went across the region to organisations, volunteers and individuals to
capture what issues were important for the region.

"The main issues were the need for affordable housing, public transport, youth
services and planning and infrastructure."

Mr Hopkinson said the aim of the centre was to get people together to reach
solutions on these and other issues, rather than solve people's problems.

He said another of the centre's new initiatives was a volunteer hub that aimed
to connect volunteers to volunteer-run organisations.

He said RSDC would also provide people with volunteer training focussed on
community development work, how to speak to the media and quality control.

A regional arts development "Creative Generators" would also be launched. Mr
Hopkinson said this initiative would bring artists and performers together to
create a culture of arts throughout the region.

RSDC was also developing a Welcome Centre where new residents could connect with
others and get information about local services.

"We know that people come to Mackay and don't stay and that's because they don't
feel part of the community," he said.

Anthony Kelly works on community relations with international mining firms and
spoke at yesterday's launch about community development and mining.

Mr Kelly's involvement with the group spans many years - he was present at the
RSDC's, then MRCSD, initial launch in 1974.

Yesterday's re-launch at the RSDC's headquarters in Wellington Street attracted
representatives from the Department of Communities, CQUniversity, Mackay
Regional Council as well as volunteers.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Funding Availability: Rural Community Development Initiative for Fiscal Year
2016

LENGTH: 10495  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an agency within the USDA Rural Development
mission area herein referred to as the Agency announces the availability of
funding under the Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program.
Applicants must provide matching funds in an amount at least equal to the
Federal grant. These grants will be made to qualified intermediary organizations
that will provide financial and technical assistance to recipients to develop
their capacity and ability to undertake projects related to housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development that will support the
community.





 This Notice lists the information needed to submit an application for these
funds. This Notice contains revised evaluation criteria that are streamlined, in
order to enhance program efficiency and delivery.

 Dates



 The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, July 22, 2016.
The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any
application received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), electronic mail
and postage due applications will not be accepted.

 Addresses



 Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the application documents
and requirements delineated in this Notice from the RCDI Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.



 Application information for electronic submissions may be found at http://www.
grants.gov.



 Applicants may also request paper application packages from the Rural
Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development State offices
contacts can be found via http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.

 For Further Information Contact



 The Rural Development office for the state in which the applicant is located. A
list of Rural Development State Office contacts is provided at the following
link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 The paperwork burden has been cleared by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) under OMB Control Number 0575-0180.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Community Development Initiative.



 Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.446.



 Dates: The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, July
22, 2016. The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider
any application received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), electronic mail
and postage due applications will not be accepted.

 A. Program Description



 Congress first authorized the RCDI in 1999 (Pub. L. 106-78, which was amended
most recently by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113)).
The RCDI was authorized to develop the capacity and ability of qualified
private, nonprofit community-based housing and community development
organizations, low-income rural communities, and federally recognized Native
American Tribes to undertake projects related to housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development in rural areas. Strengthening the
recipient's capacity in these areas will benefit the communities they serve. The
RCDI structure requires the intermediary (grantee) to provide a program of
financial and technical assistance to recipients. The recipients will, in turn,
provide programs to their communities (beneficiaries).



 Of particular note this year, the Agency is encouraging applications for
projects based in or servicing high poverty areas. This emphasis will support
Rural Development's (RD) mission of improving the quality of life for rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need them.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Congress, in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L. 114-113),
appropriated $4,000,000 in Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 for the RCDI program. The
amount of funding received in the FY 2016 Appropriations Act can also be found
at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RD_FY2016AppropriationsTable.pdf.



 Qualified private, nonprofit and public (including tribal) intermediary
organizations proposing to carry out financial and technical assistance programs
will be eligible to receive the grant funding.



 The intermediary will be required to provide matching funds in an amount at
least equal to the RCDI grant.



 A grant will be the type of assistance instrument awarded to successful
applications.



 The respective minimum and maximum grant amount per intermediary is $50,000 and
$250,000.



 Grant funds must be utilized within 3 years from date of the award.



 A grantee that has an outstanding RCDI grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, is not eligible to apply for this round of
funding.



 The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical assistance
to one or more of the following: A private, nonprofit community-based housing
and development organization, a low-income rural community or a federally
recognized tribe.



 Applicants must certify compliance with sections 743 and 744 of the
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, Public Law 114-113. These provisions
state:



 SEC. 743.



 (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any
other Act may be available for a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with
an entity that requires employees or contractors of such entity seeking to
report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality agreements or
statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or contractors
from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated
investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or
agency authorized to receive such information.



 (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not contravene requirements
applicable to Standard Form 312, Form 4414, or any other form issued by a
Federal department or agency governing the nondisclosure of classified
information.



 SEC. 744.



 (a) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or
enforce the agreements in Standard Forms 312 and 4414 of the Government or any
other nondisclosure policy, form, or agreement if such policy, form, or
agreement does not contain the following provisions: "These provisions are
consistent with and do not supersede, conflict with, or otherwise alter the
employee obligations, rights, or liabilities created by existing statute or
Executive order relating to (1) classified information, (2) communications to
Congress, (3) the reporting to an Inspector General of a violation of any law,
rule, or regulation, or mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of
authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety, or
(4) any other whistleblower protection. The definitions, requirements,
obligations, rights, sanctions, and liabilities created by controlling Executive
orders and statutory provisions are incorporated into this agreement and are
controlling.": Provided, That notwithstanding the preceding provision of this
section, a nondisclosure policy form or agreement that is to be executed by a
person connected with the conduct of an intelligence or intelligence-related
activity, other than an employee or officer of the United States Government, may
contain provisions appropriate to the particular activity for which such
document is to be used. Such form or agreement shall, at a minimum, require that
the person will not disclose any classified information received in the course
of such activity unless specifically authorized to do so by the United States
Government. Such nondisclosure forms shall also make it clear that they do not
bar disclosures to Congress, or to an authorized official of an executive agency
or the Department of Justice, that are essential to reporting a substantial
violation of law.



 (b) A nondisclosure agreement may continue to be implemented and enforced
notwithstanding subsection (a) if it complies with the requirements for such
agreement that were in effect when the agreement was entered into.



 (c) No funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to implement or
enforce any agreement entered into during fiscal year 2014 which does not
contain substantially similar language to that required in subsection (a).

 C. Eligibility Information



 Applicants must meet all of the following eligibility requirements by the
application deadline. Applications which fail to meet any of these requirements
by the application deadline will be deemed ineligible and will not be evaluated
further, and will not receive a Federal award.

 1. Eligible Applicants



 (a) Qualified private, nonprofit, (including faith-based and community
organizations and philanthropic foundations), in accordance with 7 CFR part 16,
and public (including tribal) intermediary organizations are eligible
applicants. Definitions that describe eligible organizations and other key terms
are listed below.



 (b) The recipient must be a nonprofit community-based housing and development
organization, low-income rural community, or federally recognized tribe based on
the RCDI definitions of these groups.



 (c) Private nonprofit, faith or community-based organizations must provide a
certificate of incorporation and good standing from the Secretary of the State
of incorporation, or other similar and valid documentation of current nonprofit
status. For low-income rural community recipients, the Agency requires evidence
that the entity is a public body and census data verifying that the median
household income of the community where the office receiving the financial and
technical assistance is located is at, or below, 80 percent of the State or
national median household income, whichever is higher. For federally recognized
tribes, the Agency needs the page listing their name from the current Federal
Register list of tribal entities recognized and eligible for funding services
(see the definition of federally recognized tribes in this Notice for details on
this list).



 (d) Any corporation (1) that has been convicted of a felony criminal violation
under any Federal law within the past 24 months or (2) that has any unpaid
Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and
administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not
being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority
responsible for collecting the tax liability; is not eligible for financial
assistance provided with funds appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations
Act, 2016, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government.

 2. Cost Sharing or Matching



 There is a matching requirement of at least equal to the amount of the grant.
If this matching funds requirement is not met, the application will be deemed
ineligible. See section D, Application and Submission Information, for required
pre-award and post award matching funds documentation submission.



 The intermediary must provide matching funds at least equal to the amount of
the grant. Verification of matching funds must be submitted with the
application. Matching funds must be committed for a period equal to the grant
performance period. The intermediary will be required to provide matching funds
in an amount at least equal to the RCDI grant. In-kind contributions such as
salaries, donated time and effort, real and nonexpendable personal property and
goods and services cannot be used as matching funds.



 Matching funds are cash or confirmed funding commitments and must be at least
equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not less than the grant
performance period. These funds can only be used for eligible RCDI activities.
Matching funds must be used to support the overall purpose of the RCDI program.



 In-kind contributions such as salaries, donated time and effort, real and
nonexpendable personal property and goods and services cannot be used as
matching funds.



 Grant funds and matching funds must be used in equal proportions. This does not
mean funds have to be used equally by line item.



 The request for advance or reimbursement and supporting documentation must show
that RCDI fund usage does not exceed the cumulative amount of matching funds
used.



 Grant funds will be disbursed pursuant to relevant provisions of 2 CFR parts
200 and 400. Verification of matching funds must be submitted with the
application. See Section D, other program requirements, for matching funds
documentation and pre-award requirements.



 The intermediary is responsible for demonstrating that matching funds are
available, and committed for a period of not less than the grant performance
period to the RCDI proposal. Matching funds may be provided by the intermediary
or a third party. Other Federal funds may be used as matching funds if
authorized by statute and the purpose of the funds is an eligible RCDI purpose.



 RCDI funds will be disbursed on an advance or reimbursement basis. Matching
funds cannot be expended prior to execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.

 3. Other Program Requirements



 (a) The recipient and beneficiary, but not the intermediary, must be located in
an eligible rural area. The physical location of the recipient's office that
will be receiving the financial and technical assistance must be in an eligible
rural area. If the recipient is a low-income community, the median household
income of the area where the office is located must be at or below 80 percent of
the State or national median household income, whichever is higher. The
applicable Rural Development State Office can assist in determining the
eligibility of an area.



 A listing of Rural Development State Office contacts can be found at the
following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. A map
showing eligible rural areas can be found at the following link:
http://eligibility.sc.egov.usda.gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do?pageAction=RBSm
enu&NavKey=property@13.



 (b) RCDI grantees that have an outstanding grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, will not be eligible to apply for this
round of funding. Grant and matching funds must be utilized in a timely manner
to ensure that the goals and objectives of the program are met.



 (c) Individuals cannot be recipients.



 (d) The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical
assistance to the recipient.



 (e) The intermediary organization must have been legally organized for a
minimum of 3 years and have at least 3 years prior experience working with
private nonprofit community-based housing and development organizations,
low-income rural communities, or tribal organizations in the areas of housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development.



 (f) Proposals must be structured to utilize the grant funds within 3 years from
the date of the award.



 (g) Each applicant, whether singularly or jointly, may only submit one
application for RCDI funds under this Notice. This restriction does not preclude
the applicant from providing matching funds for other applications.



 (h) Recipients can benefit from more than one RCDI application; however, after
grant selections are made, the recipient can only benefit from multiple RCDI
grants if the type of financial and technical assistance the recipient will
receive is not duplicative. The services described in multiple RCDI grant
applications must have separate and identifiable accounts for compliance
purposes.



 (i) The intermediary and the recipient cannot be the same entity. The recipient
can be a related entity to the intermediary, if it meets the definition of a
recipient, provided the relationship does not create a Conflict of Interest that
cannot be resolved to Rural Development's satisfaction.



 (j) If the recipient is a low-income rural community, identify the unit of
government to which the financial and technical assistance will be provided,
e.g., town council or village board. The financial and technical assistance must
be provided to the organized unit of government representing that community, not
the community at large.

 4. Eligible Grant Purposes



 Fund uses must be consistent with the RCDI purpose. A nonexclusive list of
eligible grant uses includes the following:



 (a) Provide technical assistance to develop recipients' capacity and ability to
undertake projects related to housing, community facilities, or community and
economic development, e.g., the intermediary hires a staff person to provide
technical assistance to the recipient or the recipient hires a staff person,
under the supervision of the intermediary, to carry out the technical assistance
provided by the intermediary.



 (b) Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct community development
programs, e.g., homeownership education or training for business entrepreneurs.



 (c) Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct development initiatives,
e.g., programs that support micro-enterprise and sustainable development.



 (d) Develop the capacity of recipients to increase their leveraging ability and
access to alternative funding sources by providing training and staffing.



 (e) Develop the capacity of recipients to provide the technical assistance
component for essential community facilities projects.



 (f) Assist recipients in completing pre-development requirements for housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development projects by
providing resources for professional services, e.g., architectural, engineering,
or legal.



 (g) Improve recipient's organizational capacity by providing training and
resource material on developing strategic plans, board operations, management,
financial systems, and information technology.



 (h) Purchase of computers, software, and printers, limited to $10,000 per
award, at the recipient level when directly related to the technical assistance
program being undertaken by the intermediary.



 (i) Provide funds to recipients for training-related travel costs and training
expenses related to RCDI.

 5. Ineligible Fund Uses



 The following is a list of ineligible grant uses:



 (a) Pass-through grants, and any funds provided to the recipient in a lump sum
that are not reimbursements.



 (b) Funding a revolving loan fund (RLF).



 (c) Construction (in any form).



 (d) Salaries for positions involved in construction, renovations,
rehabilitation, and any oversight of these types of activities.



 (e) Intermediary preparation of strategic plans for recipients.



 (f) Funding prostitution, gambling, or any illegal activities.



 (g) Grants to individuals.



 (h) Funding a grant where there may be a conflict of interest, or an appearance
of a conflict of interest, involving any action by the Agency.



 (i) Paying obligations incurred before the beginning date without prior Agency
approval or after the ending date of the grant agreement.



 (j) Purchasing real estate.



 (k) Improvement or renovation of the grantee's, or recipient's office space or
for the repair or maintenance of privately owned vehicles.



 (l) Any purpose prohibited in 2 CFR part 200 or 400.



 (m) Using funds for recipient's general operating costs.



 (n) Using grant or matching funds for Individual Development Accounts.



 (o) Purchasing vehicles.

 6. Program Examples and Restrictions



 The following are examples of eligible and ineligible purposes under the RCDI
program. (These examples are illustrative and are not meant to limit the
activities proposed in the application. Activities that meet the objectives of
the RCDI program and meet the criteria outlined in this Notice will be
considered eligible.)



 (a) The intermediary must work directly with the recipient, not the ultimate
beneficiaries. As an example:



 The intermediary provides training to the recipient on how to conduct
homeownership education classes. The recipient then provides ongoing
homeownership education to the residents of the community--the ultimate
beneficiaries. This "train the trainer" concept fully meets the intent of this
initiative. The intermediary is providing technical assistance that will build
the recipient's capacity by enabling them to conduct homeownership education
classes for the public.



 This is an eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary directly provided
homeownership education classes to individuals in the recipient's service area,
this would not be an eligible purpose because the recipient would be bypassed.



 (b) If the intermediary is working with a low-income community as the
recipient, the intermediary must provide the technical assistance to the entity
that represents the low-income community and is identified in the application.
Examples of entities representing a low-income community are a village board or
a town council.



 If the intermediary provides technical assistance to the Board of the
low-income community on how to establish a cooperative, this would be an
eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary works directly with individuals
from the community to establish the cooperative, this is not an eligible
purpose.



 The recipient's capacity is built by learning skills that will enable them to
support sustainable economic development in their communities on an ongoing
basis.



 (c) The intermediary may provide technical assistance to the recipient on how
to create and operate a revolving loan fund. The intermediary may not monitor or
operate the revolving loan fund. RCDI funds, including matching funds, cannot be
used to fund revolving loan funds.



 (d) The intermediary may work with recipients in building their capacity to
provide planning and leadership development training. The recipients of this
training would be expected to assume leadership roles in the development and
execution of regional strategic plans. The intermediary would work with multiple
recipients in helping communities recognize their connections to the greater
regional and national economies.



 (e) The intermediary could provide training and technical assistance to the
recipients on developing emergency shelter and feeding, short-term housing,
search and rescue, and environmental accident, prevention, and cleanup program
plans. For longer term disaster and economic crisis responses, the intermediary
could work with the recipients to develop job placement and training programs,
and develop coordinated transit systems for displaced workers.

 D. Application and Submission Information

 1. Address To Request Application Package



 Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the application documents
and requirements delineated in this Notice from the RCDI Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.



 Application information for electronic submissions may be found at http://www.
grants.gov.



 Applicants may also request paper application packages from the Rural
Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development State office
contacts can be found via http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.
You may also obtain a copy by calling 202-205-9685.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 If the applicant is ineligible or the application is incomplete, the Agency
will inform the applicant in writing of the decision, reasons therefore, and its
appeal rights and no further evaluation of the application will occur.



 A complete application for RCDI funds must include the following:



 (a) A summary page, double-spaced between items, listing the following: (This
information should not be presented in narrative form.)



 (1) Applicant's name,



 (2) Applicant's address,



 (3) Applicant's telephone number,



 (4) Name of applicant's contact person, email address and telephone number,



 (5) Applicant's fax number,



 (6) County where applicant is located,



 (7) Congressional district number where applicant is located,



 (8) Amount of grant request, and



 (9) Number of recipients.



 (b) A detailed Table of Contents containing page numbers for each component of
the application.



 (c) A project overview, no longer than one page, including the following items,
which will also be addressed separately and in detail under "Building Capacity
and Expertise" of the "Evaluation Criteria."



 (1) The type of technical assistance to be provided to the recipients and how
it will be implemented.



 (2) How the capacity and ability of the recipients will be improved.



 (3) The overall goals to be accomplished.



 (4) The benchmarks to be used to measure the success of the program. Benchmarks
should be specific and quantifiable.



 (d) Organizational documents, such as a certificate of incorporation and a
current good standing certification from the Secretary of State where the
applicant is incorporated and other similar and valid documentation of current
non-profit status, from the intermediary that confirms it has been legally
organized for a minimum of 3 years as the applicant entity.



 (e) Verification of source and amount of matching funds, e.g., a copy of a bank
statement if matching funds are in cash or a copy of the confirmed funding
commitment from the funding source.



 The verification must show that matching funds are available for the duration
of the grant performance period. The verification of matching funds must be
submitted with the application or the application will be considered incomplete.




 The applicant will be contacted by the Agency prior to grant award to verify
that the matching funds provided with the application continue to be available.
The applicant will have 15 days from the date contacted to submit verification
that matching funds continue to be available.



 If the applicant is unable to provide the verification within that timeframe,
the application will be considered ineligible. The applicant must maintain bank
statements on file or other documentation for a period of at least 3 years after
grant closing except that the records shall be retained beyond the 3-year period
if audit findings have not been resolved.



 (f) The following information for each recipient:



 (1) Recipient's entity name,



 (2) Complete address (mailing and physical location, if different),



 (3) County where located,



 (4) Number of Congressional district where recipient is located,



 (5) Contact person's name, email address and telephone number and,



 (6) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement." If the Form RD 400-4 is not submitted
for the applicant and each recipient, the recipient will be considered
ineligible. No information pertaining to that recipient will be included in the
income or population scoring criteria and the requested funding may be adjusted
due to the deletion of the recipient.



 (g) Submit evidence that each recipient entity is eligible. Documentation must
be submitted to verify recipient eligibility. Acceptable documentation varies
depending on the type of recipient:



 (1) Nonprofits--provide a current valid letter confirming non-profit status
from the Secretary of the State of incorporation, a current good standing
certification from the Secretary of the State of incorporation, or other valid
documentation of current nonprofit status of each recipient.



 A nonprofit recipient must provide evidence that it is a valid nonprofit when
the intermediary applies for the RCDI grant. Organizations with pending requests
for nonprofit designations are not eligible.



 (2) Low-income rural community--provide evidence the entity is a public body
(copy of Charter, relevant Acts of Assembly, relevant court orders (if created
judicially) or other valid documentation), a copy of the 2010 census data to
verify the population, and 2010 American Community Survey (ACS) 5-year estimates
(2006-2010 data set) data as evidence that the median household income is at, or
below, 80 percent of either the State or national median household income. We
will only accept data and printouts from http://www.census.gov.



 (3) Federally recognized tribes--provide the page listing their name from the
Federal Register list of tribal entities published most recently by the Bureau
of Indian Affairs. The 2015 list is available at 80 FR 1942-48 and
http://www.indianaffairs.gov/cs/groups/public/documents/text/idc1-029079.pdf.



 (h) Each of the "Evaluation Criteria" must be addressed specifically and
individually by category. Present these criteria in narrative form.
Documentation must be limited to five pages per criterion. The "Population and
Income" criteria for recipient locations can be provided in the form of a list;
however, the source of the data must be included on the page(s).



 (i) A timeline identifying specific activities and proposed dates for
completion.



 (j) A detailed project budget that includes the RCDI grant amount and matching
funds. This should be a line-item budget, by category. Categories such as
salaries, administrative, other, and indirect costs that pertain to the proposed
project must be clearly defined. Supporting documentation listing the components
of these categories must be included. The budget should be dated: Year 1, year
2, year 3, as applicable.



 (k) The indirect cost category in the project budget should be used only when a
grant applicant has a federally negotiated indirect cost rate. A copy of the
current rate agreement must be provided with the application. Non-federal
entities that have never received a negotiated indirect cost rate, except for
those non-Federal entities described in Appendix VII to Part 200--States and
Local Government and Indian Tribe Indirect Cost Proposals, paragraph (d)(1)(B),
may use the de minimis rate of 10% of modified total direct costs (MTDC).



 (l) Form SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance." (Do not complete Form
SF-424A, "Budget Information." A separate line-item budget should be presented
as described in Letter (J) of this section.)



 (m) Form SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."



 (n) Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions."



 (o) Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion--Lower Tier Covered Transactions."



 (p) Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements."



 (q) Certification of Non-Lobbying Activities.



 (r) Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.



 (s) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," for the applicant and each recipient.




 (t) Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees. (A statement acknowledging whether or not a relationship exists is
required).



 (u) Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants," if you are a corporation. A
corporation is any entity that has filed articles of incorporation in one of the
50 States, the District of Columbia, the Federated States of Micronesia, the
Republic of Palau, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands, or the various
territories of the United States including American Samoa, Guam, Midway Islands,
Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, or the U.S. Virgin Islands. Corporations
include both for profit and non-profit entities.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System for
Awards Management (SAM)



 Grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number and register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior
to submitting a pre-application pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an
entity applicant must maintain registration in SAM at all times during which it
has an active Federal award or an application or plan under consideration by the
Agency. Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier subawards and executive compensation in
accordance to 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).



 An applicant, unless excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(b), (c), or (d), is required
to:



 (a) Be registered in SAM before submitting its application;



 (b) Provide a valid DUNS number in its application; and



 (c) Continue to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan
under consideration by a Federal awarding agency.



 The Federal awarding agency may not make a federal award to an applicant until
the applicant has complied with all applicable DUNS and SAM requirements and, if
an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements by the time the
Federal awarding agency is ready to make a Federal award, the Federal awarding
agency may determine that the applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal
award and use that determination as a basis for making a Federal award to
another applicant.



 As required by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), all grant
applications must provide a DUNS number when applying for Federal grants, on or
after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS number at no cost by
calling the dedicated toll-free number at 1-866-705-5711 or via Internet at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Additional information concerning this
requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.gov.
Similarly, applicants may register for SAM at https://www.sam.gov or by calling
1-866-606-8220.



 The DUNS number should be identified in the "Organizational DUNS" field on
Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal Assistance." Since there are no
specific fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and
expiration date, they may be identified anywhere on the Form SF 424. If the
applicant does not provide the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS number
in the application, it will not be considered for funding. The required forms
and certifications can be downloaded from the RCDI Web site at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
rural-community-development-initiative-grants.

 4. Submission Dates and Times



 The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, July 22, 2016.
The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any
application received after the deadline. You may submit your application in
paper form or electronically through Grants.gov. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), electronic mail
and postage due applications will not be accepted.



 To submit a paper application, the original application package must be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the applicant's
headquarters is located.



 A listing of Rural Development State Offices contacts can be found via
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf. Applications will not be
accepted via FAX or electronic mail.



 Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov. Grants.
gov contains full instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and
software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting
an electronic application. If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs
with an electronic application, please use the customer support resources
available at the Grants.gov Web site.



 Technical difficulties submitting an application through Grants.gov will not be
a reason to extend the application deadline. If an application is unable to be
submitted through Grants.gov, a paper application must be received in the
appropriate Rural Development State Office by the deadline noted previously.



 First time Grants.gov users should carefully read and follow the registration
steps listed on the Web site. These steps need to be initiated early in the
application process to avoid delays in submitting your application online.



 In order to register with System for Award Management (SAM), your organization
will need a DUNS number. Be sure to complete the Marketing Partner ID (MPID) and
Electronic Business Primary Point of Contact fields during the SAM registration
process.



 These are mandatory fields that are required when submitting grant applications
through Grants.gov. Additional application instructions for submitting an
electronic application can be found by selecting this funding opportunity on
Grants.gov.

 5. Funding Restrictions



 Meeting expenses. In accordance with 31 U.S.C. 1345, "Expenses of Meetings,"
appropriations may not be used for travel, transportation, and subsistence
expenses for a meeting. RCDI grant funds cannot be used for these
meeting-related expenses. Matching funds may, however, be used to pay for these
expenses.



 RCDI funds may be used to pay for a speaker as part of a program, equipment to
facilitate the program, and the actual room that will house the meeting.



 RCDI funds cannot be used for meetings; they can, however, be used for travel,
transportation, or subsistence expenses for program-related training and
technical assistance purposes. Any training not delineated in the application
must be approved by the Agency to verify compliance with 31 U.S.C. 1345. Travel
and per diem expenses (including meals and incidental expenses) will be allowed
in accordance with 2 CFR parts 200 and 400.

 E. Application Review Information

 1. Evaluation Criteria



 Applications will be evaluated using the following criteria and weights:

 (a) Building Capacity and Expertise--Maximum 40 Points



 The applicant must demonstrate how they will improve the recipients' capacity,
through a program of financial and technical assistance, as it relates to the
RCDI purposes.



 Capacity-building financial and technical assistance should provide new
functions to the recipients or expand existing functions that will enable the
recipients to undertake projects in the areas of housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development that will benefit the community.
Capacity-building financial and technical assistance may include, but is not
limited to: Training to conduct community development programs, e.g.,
homeownership education, or the establishment of minority business
entrepreneurs, cooperatives, or micro-enterprises; organizational development,
e.g., assistance to develop or improve board operations, management, and
financial systems; instruction on how to develop and implement a strategic plan;
instruction on how to access alternative funding sources to increase leveraging
opportunities; staffing, e.g., hiring a person at intermediary or recipient
level to provide technical assistance to recipients.



 The program of financial and technical assistance that is to be provided, its
delivery, and the measurability of the program's effectiveness will determine
the merit of the application.



 All applications will be competitively ranked with the applications providing
the most improvement in capacity development and measurable activities being
ranked the highest.



 The narrative response must contain the following items. This list also
contains the points for each item.



 (1) Describe the nature of financial and technical assistance to be provided to
the recipients and the activities that will be conducted to deliver the
technical assistance; (10 Points)



 (2) Explain how financial and technical assistance will develop or increase the
recipient's capacity. Indicate whether a new function is being developed or if
existing functions are being expanded or performed more effectively; (7 Points)



 (3) Identify which RCDI purpose areas will be addressed with this assistance:
Housing, community facilities, or community and economic development; (3 Points)




 (4) Describe how the results of the technical assistance will be measured. What
benchmarks will be used to measure effectiveness? Benchmarks should be specific
and quantifiable; (5 Points)



 (5) Demonstrate that it has conducted programs of financial and technical
assistance and achieved measurable results in the areas of housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas; (10 Points)



 (6) Provide in a chart or excel spreadsheet, the organization name, point of
contact, address, phone number, email address, and the type and amount of the
financial and technical assistance the applicant organization has provided to
the following for the last 3 years: (5 Points)



 (i) Nonprofit organizations in rural areas.



 (ii) Low-income communities in rural areas (also include the type of entity,
e.g., city government, town council, or village board).



 (iii) Federally recognized tribes or any other culturally diverse
organizations.

 (b) Soundness of Approach--Maximum 15 Points



 The applicant can receive up to 15 points for soundness of approach. The
overall proposal will be considered under this criterion.



 Applicants must list the page numbers in the application that address these
factors.



 The maximum 15 points for this criterion will be based on the following:



 (1) The proposal fits the objectives for which applications were invited, is
clearly stated, and the applicant has defined how this proposal will be
implemented. (7 Points)



 (2) The ability to provide the proposed financial and technical assistance
based on prior accomplishments. (6 Points)



 (3) Cost effectiveness will be evaluated based on the budget in the
application. The proposed grant amount and matching funds should be utilized to
maximize capacity building at the recipient level. (2 Points)

 (c) Population and Income--Maximum 15 Points



 Population is based on the average population from the 2010 census data for the
communities in which the recipients are located. The physical address, not
mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this criterion. Community
is defined for scoring purposes as a city, town, village, county, parish,
borough, or census-designated place where the recipient's office is physically
located.



 The applicant must submit the census data from the following Web site in the
form of a printout of the applicable "Fact Sheet" to verify the population
figures used for each recipient. The data can be accessed on the Internet at
http://www.census.gov; click on "American FactFinder," fill in field and click
"Go"; the name and population data for each recipient location must be listed in
this section.



 The average population of the recipient locations will be used and will be
scored as follows:

 &emsp; Population    Scoring(points)

 10,000 or less    5

 10,001 to 20,000    4

 20,001 to 30,000    3

 30,001 to 40,000    2

 40,001 to 50,000    1



 The average of the median household income for the communities where the
recipients are physically located will determine the points awarded. The
physical address, not mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this
criterion. Applicants may compare the average recipient median household income
to the State median household income or the national median household income,
whichever yields the most points. The national median household income to be
used is $51,914.



 The applicant must submit the income data in the form of a printout of the
applicable information from the following Web site to verify the income for each
recipient. The data being used is from the 2010 American Community Survey (ACS)
5-year estimates (2006-2010 data set). The data can be accessed on the Internet
at http://www.census.gov; click on "American FactFinder" (under "Find Data" at
bottom of page), "Advanced Search" (click on "Show Me All" tab, "Topics,"
"Dataset," locate 2010 ACS 5 year estimates, close table, check the "Median
Income" table (S1903 on page 2), fill in the "state, county or place" field (at
top of page), select "Go" and click "View"; the name and income data for each
recipient location must be listed in this section (use the Household and Median
Income column). Points will be awarded as follows:

 &emsp; Average recipient median income    Scoring (points)

 Less than or equal to 70 percent of state or national median household income
10

 Greater than 70, but less than or equal to 80 percent of state or national
median household income    5

 In excess of 80 percent of state or national median household Income    0

 (d) State Director's Points Based on Project Merit--Maximum 10 Points



 (1) This criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant.



 (2) Up to 10 points may be awarded by the Rural Development State Director to
any application(s) that benefits their state regardless of whether the applicant
is headquartered in their state. The total points awarded under this criterion,
to all applications, will not exceed 10.



 (3) When an intermediary submits an application that will benefit a state that
is not the same as the state in which the intermediary is headquartered, it is
the intermediary's responsibility to notify the State Director of the state
which is receiving the benefit of their application. In such cases, State
Directors awarding points to applications benefiting their state must notify the
reviewing state in writing.



 (4) Assignment of any points under this criterion requires a written
justification and must be tied to and awarded based on how closely the
application aligns with the Rural Development State Office's strategic goals.

 (e) Support of Agency's Strategic Goals--Maximum 20 Points



 This criterion will be addressed by the Agency, not the applicant. The Agency
Administrator may award up to 20 points to any application to the extent that
the application supports Strategic Goal One in the USDA Strategic Plan
2014-2018. This plan can be found at the following link:
www.usda.gov/documents/usda-strategic-plan-fy-2014-2018.pdf.



 Points may be awarded to applications that meet at least one of the following
six criteria below (note: the maximum points can be given to any one of the
following six criteria):



 (1) The project is based in a census tract with poverty greater than or equal
to 20% (should provide the address and census tract in which the recipient is
located);



 (2) The project is based in a community (village, town, city, or Census
Designated Place) that is 75% CF grant eligible (rural community having a
population of 5,000 or less and median household income (MHI) of 60% or less of
the state's non-metropolitan median household income (NMHI) (should provide
address, population (2010 census) and MHI (ACS 2006-2010 dataset) data in which
the recipient is located);



 (3) The project's service area includes at least one census tract with poverty
greater than or equal to 20% (should provide the address and census tract in
which the recipient will conduct or deliver approved project activity);



 (4) The project's service area includes at least one community (village, town,
city, or Census Designated Place) that is 75% CF grant eligible (rural community
having a population of 5,000 or less and MHI of 60% or less of the state's NMHI)
(should provide address, population (2010 census) and MHI (ACS 2006-2010
dataset) data in which the recipient will conduct or deliver approved project
activity);



 (5) The project serves a StrikeForce area (see link below) (should identify the
StrikeForce area).



 (6) The project serves a Promise Zone (see link below) (should identify the
specific Promise Zone) and eligible applicant provides evidence of partnership
with a Promise Zone Lead Applicant organization.



 For a listing of StrikeForce areas and designated Promise Zones, click on the
following link: http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=STRIKE_FORCE,
then click the StrikeForce or Promise Zones button from the left menu. For a
mapping tool identifying census tracts with poverty greater than or equal to 20
percent, click on the following link:
http://rdgdwe.sc.egov.usda.gov/rdpoverty/index.html.

 2. Review and Selection Process

 (a) Rating and Ranking



 Applications will be rated and ranked on a national basis by a review panel
based on the "Evaluation Criteria" contained in this Notice.



 If there is a tied score after the applications have been rated and ranked, the
tie will be resolved by reviewing the scores for "Building Capacity and
Expertise" and the applicant with the highest score in that category will
receive a higher ranking. If the scores for "Building Capacity and Expertise"
are the same, the scores will be compared for the next criterion, in sequential
order, until one highest score can be determined.

 (b) Initial Screening



 The Agency will screen each application to determine eligibility during the
period immediately following the application deadline. Listed below are examples
of reasons for rejection from previous funding rounds. The following reasons for
rejection are not all inclusive; however, they represent the majority of the
applications previously rejected.



 (1) Recipients were not located in eligible rural areas based on the definition
in this Notice.



 (2) Applicants failed to provide evidence of recipient's status, i.e.,
documentation supporting nonprofit evidence of organization.



 (3) Applicants failed to provide evidence of committed matching funds or
matching funds were not committed for a period at least equal to the grant
performance period.



 (4) Application did not follow the RCDI structure with an intermediary and
recipients.



 (5) Recipients were not identified in the application.



 (6) Intermediary did not provide evidence it had been incorporated for at least
3 years as the applicant entity.



 (7) Applicants failed to address the "Evaluation Criteria."



 (8) The purpose of the proposal did not qualify as an eligible RCDI purpose.



 (9) Inappropriate use of funds (e.g., construction or renovations).



 (10) The applicant proposed providing financial and technical assistance
directly to individuals.



 (11) The application package was not received by closing date and time.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notice



 Within the limit of funds available for such purpose, the awarding official of
the Agency shall make grants in ranked order to eligible applicants under the
procedures set forth in this Notice.



 Successful applicants will receive a selection letter by mail containing
instructions on requirements necessary to proceed with execution and performance
of the award.



 This letter is not an authorization to begin performance. In addition, selected
applicants will be requested to verify that components of the application have
not changed at the time of selection and on the award obligation date, if
requested by the Agency.



 The award is not approved until all information has been verified, and the
awarding official of the Agency has signed Form RD 1940-1, "Request for
Obligation of Funds" and the grant agreement.



 Unsuccessful applicants will receive notification including appeal rights by
mail.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 Grantees will be required to do the following:



 (a) Execute a Rural Community Development Initiative Grant Agreement.



 (b) Execute Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."



 (c) Use Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," to request
reimbursements. Provide receipts for expenditures, timesheets and any other
documentation to support the request for reimbursement.



 (d) Provide financial status and project performance reports on a quarterly
basis starting with the first full quarter after the grant award.



 (e) Maintain a financial management system that is acceptable to the Agency.



 (f) Ensure that records are maintained to document all activities and
expenditures utilizing RCDI grant funds and matching funds. Receipts for
expenditures will be included in this documentation.



 (g) Provide annual audits or management reports on Form RD 442-2, "Statement of
Budget, Income and Equity," and Form RD 442-3, "Balance Sheet," depending on the
amount of Federal funds expended and the outstanding balance.



 (h) Collect and maintain data provided by recipients on race, sex, and national
origin and ensure recipients collect and maintain the same data on
beneficiaries. Race and ethnicity data will be collected in accordance with OMB
Federal Register notice, "Revisions to the Standards for the Classification of
Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity," (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data
will be collected in accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of
1972. These items should not be submitted with the application but should be
available upon request by the Agency.



 (i) Provide a final project performance report.



 (j) Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees.



 (k) The intermediary and recipient must comply with Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of
the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Executive Order 12250, Age Act of 1975,
Executive Order 13166 Limited English Proficiency and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart
E.



 (l) The grantee must comply with policies, guidance, and requirements as
described in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any
successor regulations:



 (i) 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements For Federal Awards).



 (ii) 2 CFR parts 417 and 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension
(Nonprocurement).



 (m) Form AD-3031, "Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants," Must be signed by corporate applicants who
receive an award under this Notice.

 3. Reporting



 After grant approval and through grant completion, you will be required to
provide the following, as indicated in the Grant Agreement:



 (a) SF-425, "Federal Financial Report" and SF-PPR, "Performance Progress
Report" will be required on a quarterly basis (due 30 working days after each
calendar quarter). The Performance Progress Report shall include the elements
described in the grant agreement.



 (b) Final financial and performance reports will be due 90 calendar days after
the period of performance end date.



 (c) A summary at the end of the final report with elements as described in the
grant agreement to assist in documenting the annual performance goals of the
RCDI program for Congress.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact



 Contact the Rural Development office in the State where the applicant's
headquarters is located. A list of Rural Development State Offices contacts can
be found via http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/RCDI_State_Contacts.pdf.

 H. Other Information



 Survey on Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants, OMB No. 1894-0010 (applies
to nonprofit applicants only--submission is optional).



 No reimbursement will be made for any funds expended prior to execution of the
RCDI Grant Agreement unless the intermediary is a non-profit or educational
entity and has requested and received written Agency approval of the costs prior
to the actual expenditure.



 This exception is applicable for up to 90 days prior to grant closing and only
applies to grantees that have received written approval but have not executed
the RCDI Grant Agreement.



 The Agency cannot retroactively approve reimbursement for expenditures prior to
execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.

 Program Definitions



 Agency--The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor.



 Beneficiary--Entities or individuals that receive benefits from assistance
provided by the recipient.



 Capacity--The ability of a recipient to implement housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development projects.



 Conflict of interest--A situation in which a person or entity has competing
personal, professional, or financial interests that make it difficult for the
person or business to act impartially. Regarding use of both grant and matching
funds, Federal procurement standards prohibit transactions that involve a real
or apparent conflict of interest for owners, employees, officers, agents, or
their immediate family members having a financial or other interest in the
outcome of the project; or that restrict open and free competition for
unrestrained trade. Specifically, project funds may not be used for services or
goods going to, or coming from, a person or entity with a real or apparent
conflict of interest, including, but not limited to, owner(s) and their
immediate family members. An example of conflict of interest occurs when the
grantee's employees, board of directors, or the immediate family of either, have
the appearance of a professional or personal financial interest in the
recipients receiving the benefits or services of the grant.



 Federally recognized tribes--Tribal entities recognized and eligible for
funding and services from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, based on the most recent
notice in the Federal Register published by the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Tribally Designated Housing Entities are eligible RCDI recipients.



 Financial assistance--Funds, not to exceed $10,000 per award, used by the
intermediary to purchase supplies and equipment to build the recipient's
capacity.



 Funds--The RCDI grant and matching money.



 Intermediary--A qualified private, nonprofit (including faith-based and
community organizations and philanthropic organizations), or public (including
tribal) organization that provides financial and technical assistance to
multiple recipients.



 Low-income rural community--An authority, district, economic development
authority, regional council, or unit of government representing an incorporated
city, town, village, county, township, parish, or borough whose income is at or
below 80 percent of either the state or national Median Household Income as
measured by the 2010 Census.



 Matching funds--Cash or confirmed funding commitments. Matching funds must be
at least equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not less than
the grant performance period.



 Recipient---The entity that receives the financial and technical assistance
from the Intermediary. The recipient must be a nonprofit community-based housing
and development organization, a low-income rural community or a federally
recognized Tribe.



 Rural and rural area--Any area other than (i) a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and (ii) the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such city or town.



 Technical assistance--Skilled help in improving the recipient's abilities in
the areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development.

 Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) By mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture Office of the Assistant Secretary
for Civil Rights 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov

 Persons With Disabilities



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email.



 If you require alternative means of communication for program information
(e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET
Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Appeal Process



 All adverse determinations regarding applicant eligibility and the awarding of
points as part of the selection process are appealable pursuant to 7 CFR part
11. Instructions on the appeal process will be provided at the time an applicant
is notified of the adverse decision.



 In the event the applicant is awarded a grant that is less than the amount
requested, the applicant will be required to modify its application to conform
to the reduced amount before execution of the grant agreement. The Agency
reserves the right to reduce or withdraw the award if acceptable modifications
are not submitted by the awardee within 15 working days from the date the
request for modification is made. Any modifications must be within the scope of
the original application.

 Dated: May 17, 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-12070 Filed 5-20-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               November 11, 2016

Building Gender Equality Through Rural Devt

BYLINE: Peter Uzoho

LENGTH: 2062 words


In line with its support for gender equality as a veritable tool for mobilising
men and women, the Education Co-operation Society has been able to carry out a
number of community development projects across rural communities in Nigeria.

Till date, the issue of gender equality is yet to receive a perfect resolution
and application. This is because in spite of the discussions and agreements
reached on the issue at different national and international fora, there still
exists such conflicts arising from misconception of such resolution by either
the men or the women folks.

From culture to religion, politics to economy, down to social and marital lives,
men and women are on daily basis faced with each other in what may be regarded
as war of supremacy and dominance. This no

doubt has not helped in engendering the needed development that can make life
meaningful for the people, particularly the rural communities.

However, Education Co-operation Society, a non-governmental organisation,
understands gender equality as when men and women see each other as partners for
stimulating development for the improvement

of lives. It believes that a joint participation by men and women in initiating
and implementing rural development plans would reduce the rate of
under-development and poverty among rural people.

With its long experience working with rural communities in Nigeria, the Society
has found out that gender equality aside being a subject of controversy, is a
veritable tool of realising government

plans. It argues that, women, just like men, are influential enough in driving
development if only they can be properly incorporated by the government, into
developmental activities.

Consequently, with proper understanding and deployment of the philosophy of
gender equality to community development, the Education Co-operation Society was
able to mobilise men and women across communities in Nigeria to jointly initiate
plans and execute them for the benefits of their people. Just recently, the
Society inaugurated and donated a block of 4 classrooms to St. Aloysius Catholic
Primary School Iloti/Itamapako community, in Ijebu-Ode Local Government Area of
Ogun State- a project initiated by the women of the community and jointly
executed by the men and women for their children.

Speaking at the inauguration and handover ceremony, the Chairman of Education
Co-operation Society, Mr. Charles Osezua, said the project was aimed at
strengthening civil society in rural areas of Nigeria by

means of promoting rural processes that foster gender equality in communities,
noting that gender equality is considered a viable strategy for social
development and poverty reduction.

Osezua explained that when men and women are involved in development of the
community, all hands are on deck for a common purpose, saying to acknowledge
equality of persons is to observe the rule of civility and to set a good
foundation for equitable development.

Osezua who was represented at the occasion by Mr. Soboma Ajumogobia, stated that
the project was focused on equality of gender that is based on the principle
that human persons are born equal.

"Consequently, the project had been geared to help rural communities identify
with this philosophy of equality of gender, through practical approaches and the
result is what is witnessed here today.

"Women planned for their community and made a five-year development plan which
they brought to the attention of their community leaders for adoption and
execution. Organised community women and men worked jointly to come up with
social initiatives such as the Community Development Forum (CDF) and agreed to
supervise the reconstruction of this new block of classrooms for their children.
Women have taken steps in economic empowerment to augment their family
resources. A curriculum has been developed to enshrine gender studies at primary
levels in public and primary school in Ijebu-Ode."

He urged the state and local governments concerned to encourage the rural
initiatives of the Iloti/Itamapako community by supporting their development
plans and spread the teaching of gender studies in their

schools.

"I know that the plans by the women include the improvement of access roads to
their community. We look forward to a cordial partnership between the community
and the LGA that can facilitate the rehabilitation of one of the rural roads
that lead to the Iroto Community Rural Development Centre, which serves these
cluster of communities."

Hinting on the sources of funds for their projects, Osezua added "ECS partnered
with the Association Zabalketa and the Itamapako community. Most of the funding
was received from the Diputacion Foral

de Bizkaia which is like a local government authority in Spain."

Giving further insight on the development, the General Manager, Education
Co-operation Society, Dr. Emmanuel Iheanacho said the project was to develop the
people by allowing them to take active part in

developing their communities, noting that their participatory activities yielded
the result.

"So what we've done is to prepare the people especially women to get them make
plans, work with their men, prioritise their plans and the money was available
for them to start implementing, and what you see

here is the result of the implementation to develop the educational
infrastructure for their children. They've got the government to come and see
and use the opportunity to let the government to come and play their own part."

Commenting on the seemingly special interest ECS as a body has for the Iloti
community, Iheanacho explained "It's because we've known them earlier in the 80s
when we're looking for a place to put a rural

project. Some of their sons approached us and they have land; they're ready to
cooperate; we saw them and we saw other communities,

eventually we chose here, and since we put the rural women development and
conference centre and the rural clinic here, the presence here has made us
discover more needs. And this project we're inaugurating here today is just a
thought of the women. We had implemented similar projects in Adiba, Elekan,
Badore and Idado, all clustered together in Ibeju Local Development Area. And
then this is part of our commitment to do this type of project in Ijebu-Ode
Local Government Area."

Speaking on the expansive nature of their projects, he said "Our projects extend
to other states as well. In Igbora in Igbarapa Local Government Area of Oyo
State, we've worked in 2001/2003. Igbora is one of the rural areas in the world
where there is still high infestation of guinea worm.

In Igbora there is no water- water is their major problem. So we managed to put
water in their schools and in their public places. We even brought in other NGOs
to come and put their own there. In Nsukka, Enugu State, the water they have now
in Obukwa, we provided it- it's in one borehole that the radius is about 4kms.
We have equally done school refurbishment in Nzeagu, Idu area.

"We have a rural clinic that is very functional and a rural development centre
as we have here in Iwolo which is also in Idu Local Development Area in Enugu
State. We're in Oyo; we're in Benin in Edo

State. So it depends on the need and the readiness of the people; because you
must have a community that is ready to receive and ready to protect and
implement that. The toilet that this community has is

the only pit toilet there and it was put in place by ECS and it's still there."

Correcting the impression that only the government has the responsibility of
developing and improving education in the country, Iheanacho said "What we're
trying to teach the people is that it is they more than government that is
supposed to do it.

Because government has taken over people now sit back and the schools have gone
down. We are teaching them that these things are for their children. So they
should take initiative and decide what has to be

here. We are also teaching them how to approach the Local Government.

So instead of quarreling, they are able to attract those things. And when there
are funds to help they should try to help themselves and start doing it and
government will come and help.

Like as we've done this now, it's obvious that the government has agreed to come
to do a road that leads to their clinic and to come and renovate other
infrastructure here. So the main project is on the people which the government
is not doing-to make participation from grassroots to them.

"It's not infrastructure that we're after, it is the people. So we inform the
women and the men to realise that there is equality between men and women in
community service participation. If you have 50 per cent of Nigerian women and
you don't use them and you use only men you're just undoing yourself. So
government should incorporate and make use of both males and females for
effective participation.

Appreciating the Society for the gesture, the Head Teacher of the school, Mrs.
Kehinde Afusat Oguniyi, said "I'm highly delighted because I'm posted to this
school when good things are happening. This surely, is a sign of many good
things to come during my tenure here. I thank Education Cooperation Society for
giving us a conducive learning environment through this project. I pray God to
grant them success in their future endeavours.

Similarly, the immediate past Head Teacher, Mrs. Mercy Onadeko said "Education
Cooperation Society has done a remarkable thing in this community. They
renovated the classrooms; they gave us seminar on civil education and even
provided us with the textbooks; they don't want us (women) to be jobless and
suffer in poverty. They gave us free cassava stems for our cultivation. They
love our children so much and want to give everything to them to make life
meaningful to them. In fact, they are like parents to us and I pray that God
will reward them abundantly."

A nine-year-old primary six pupil of the school, Miss Adesoya Busannya in her
closing remarks thanked ECS for coming to their aid. "I thank them for building
these classrooms for us. May God bless them abundantly."

For Mrs. Felicia Adeleye, a teacher in the school said that ECS has been their
ultimate helper. "Since they came here the face of this community has changed.
Any project we tell them we need they will come in immediately to see that it is
actualised. They have been our ultimate helper in this community and in this
school. So I thank them so much and I pray that God will bless them in return."

The Baale of Iloti community, High Chief Omonitoju Fesobi, represented by Mr.
Felix Ayinkola started by thanking Education Co-operation Society for coming to
their need. "We really appreciate their labour, money, counseling, mentorship
and all resources they put in here for the benefit of our community. This
community has not benefitted from any government project. All the projects in
this community were built by ECS and other non-governmental organizations."

Also speaking, the Chairman, Ogun State Universal Basic Education Board, Alhaji
Abdul Jeleel Olatunde Okewole, represented by Mr. Gbenga Ogunsola praised
Education Cooperation Society for the refurbished block of four classrooms.
"Indeed, your gesture at renovating this block of four classrooms is worthy of
praise and in line with the present administration's determination at improving
physical structures by building a befitting edifice for our pupils.

"From all available facts, Education Cooperation Society has had a lot of
influence in developing many schools in this area since 2003. I'm also aware
that this non-governmental organisation had supplied 21 chairs and desks for
pupils of this school. It has also provided 40 plastic chairs and tables as well
as 10 plastic tables for the Early Child Development Classes (ECDC). Information
reaching me also had it that the philanthropic non-governmental organisation
made available a water distiller for the use of the pupils, teaching and
non-teaching staff of the school.

"Accordingly, permit me to use the opportunity of this occasion to appeal to
other well-meaning corporate organisations as well as the well-to-do in our
society to emulate the laudable philanthropic gesture of this non-governmental
organisation in supporting government in the provision of necessary
infrastructural facilities for a conducive learning environment and making
education free and affordable to the good people of the state," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Awards a $36,200 Planning Grant to Porter County

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: STATEHOUSE


STATEHOUSE, March 26 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman has awarded a $36,200 planning grant to Porter
County to fund a sanitary and storm sewer planning study in the unincorporated
area of the county near Lake Eliza. These federal dollars are from the Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) program. Indiana's Office of Community and Rural
Affairs (OCRA) administers the grants.

"These planning studies are often the first step for communities that want to
pursue new economic development opportunities," said Lt. Governor Skillman, who
oversees OCRA. "These studies are costly for communities, but the state will
continue to support communities that have a vision for improving the quality of
life for Hoosiers."

The plan will provide preliminary engineering and cost estimates for the
establishment of sanitary sewer service to the residents in the project area as
well as suggestions for storm water management solutions. The area the study
will address for future improvements includes over 200 county residents.

The CDBG grant program has proven to be an effective tool for community-based
planning and research initiatives. Visit www.in.gov/ocra for additional
information on this grant program.

For more information please Visit: www.state.in. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           February 24, 2008, Sunday

Benedum gives $12.6 million to 100 W.Va. groups

BYLINE: Bob Schwarz

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6B

LENGTH: 3233 words


bobschwarz@wvgazette.com

The Pittsburgh-based Benedum Foundation last year awarded 100 grants totaling
more than $12.6 million in West Virginia.

The foundation gives roughly two-thirds of its grant money annually to West
Virginia, where the late oil wildcatter Michael Benedum was born and got his
start buying oil leases from rural landowners. The other third goes to Benedum's
adoptive city of Pittsburgh and to nearby areas of southwestern Pennsylvania.

Since its inception in 1944, the foundation has given $219 million - $50 million
of that in the last four years - in philanthropic grants to West Virginia
organizations.

The foundation works best as a partner with local groups, which come up with the
projects and come to Benedum with proposals, Pat Getty, Benedum president, has
said.

"We try to ask hard questions," said Beverly Railey Robinson, the vice president
in charge of West Virginia programs. "We ask for data, for specific outcomes and
we ask people to measure what they do."

The foundation is apolitical, Robinson said. "We monitor quite closely, but we
don't lobby. We don't care who the political administration is. We work with
whomever is in power. We're here for the long haul."

The grants are intended to promote and improve economic development, education,
health and human services, and community development. Within the broad goals,
foundation officials decide on strategic initiatives that they'll focus on for a
few years, Robinson said.

Oral health of young children and pregnant mothers, teacher training programs,
technology-based economic development, and affordable housing are among 17 areas
the foundation now concentrates on, Robinson said.

"It's really the staff time we put in as much as the money," Robinson said. "We
get a lot of people together who might not know each other. Take oral health,
for instance. There were several good programs around the state that didn't know
each other. We believe that critical mass leads to stronger leadership and more
effective programs."

The foundation's assets stood at $453 million on Dec. 31, up from $425 million a
year ago, and up from $295 million five years ago, when the financial markets
had plunged during the last recession.

Michael Benedum and his wife, Sarah, began the foundation as a memorial to their
only child, Claude Worthington Benedum, who died in the influenza epidemic of
1918 while serving in the U.S. Army.

Here is a complete list of Benedum grants awarded during 2007 to West Virginia
groups:

The Alliance for Children, Charleston: Support for CARE project to better
coordinate care, reduce multiple placements and decrease out-of-state placement
for children in state custody, $110,000.

Appalachian Leadership & Education Foundation, Charleston: Continued leadership
development, young adults, $75,000.

Berea College, Berea, Ky.: Plan, promote annual Brushy Fork Institute in West
Virginia; provide scholarships for West Virginia organizations to attend,
$25,000.

Blanchette Rockefeller Neuro-sciences Institute, Morgantown: WV Dementia
Outreach Program: increase community awareness; offer education, early detection
and improved treatment of adult dementia patients, $200,000.

Bluefield State College Research and Development Corp.: continued support,
Partnerships for Teacher Quality, to develop a model of teacher preparation and
professional development, $10,000.

Braxton County Development Authority, Sutton: Develop small-business incubator
for technology-related companies in partnership with West Virginia High
Technology Consortium Foundation, $75,000.

Collaborative for the 21st Century Appalachia Inc., Charleston: create and
implement marketing strategy to grow demand for local products in restaurants
and among state shoppers, $175,000.

Community Collaborative, Inc., Charleston: Establish statewide coordinated
system of community and economic development, using common methodology among
providers and funders, $38,000.

Community Collaborative, Inc., Charleston: Collaborative effort with Community
Development Partnership to implement new community development model, $175,000.

Community Connect Foundation, Charleston: Pilot project in six cities to develop
an e-government portal for use by citizens and localities to improve services,
$24,000.

Community Foundation for the Ohio Valley, Wheeling: Planned giving program to
build the endowment, $100,000.

The Community Foundation of North Central West Virginia, Fairmont: Continued
staffing, community foundation serving Marion and Harrison Counties, $90,000.

CommunityWorks in West Virginia, Charleston: Continued operating, program
support for low-income housing initiatives, $65,000.

Concord University Foundation, Athens: Continued support, Partnerships for
Teacher Quality, to develop a model of teacher preparation and professional
development, $15,000.

Discover the REAL West Virginia Foundation, Charleston: Staffing to support
educational programs, $80,000.

Dollar Energy Fund, Pittsburgh: Staffing and funding for the West Virginia
Statewide Utility Hardship Program, $343,500.

Duquesne University, Pittsburgh: Host a work force summit on energy industry in
West Virginia and Southwestern Pennsylvania, $50,000.

Eastern West Virginia Community Foundation, Martinsburg: Staffing of the Hardy
and Hampshire affiliates, $200,000.

EdVenture Group, Morgantown: Help Advanced Placement teachers meet new College
Board requirements, $162,000.

Fairmont State Foundation: Create network of education policy fellows and host
local study groups to guide state education policy, $210,000.

Fairmont State Foundation: Continued support, Partnerships for Teacher Quality,
to develop a model of teacher preparation and professional development, $15,000.

Fairmont State Foundation: Support the National Network for Educational Renewal
conference hosted by Benedum Collaborative, $5,000.

Fayette County Education Fund, Oak Hill: Challenge grant to develop Fayette
County Wolf Creek Park Nature & Science Center, $40,000.

Glenville State College: Continued support, Partnerships for Teacher Quality;
develop a model of teacher preparation and professional development, $15,000.

Greater Kanawha Valley Foundation: Continue the funding pool for proposed
sustainable development projects, Kanawha and Putnam counties, $10,000.

Harts Community Development, Inc., Harts: Operating support, $40,000.

City of Huntington: Increase citizen engagement by identifying and completing
targeted projects that are part of strategic community plan, $50,000.

Kids in Distressed Situations, New York: Statewide distribution, in
collaboration with Mountaineer Food Bank, of clothing, school supplies and other
items to needy children, families, $25,000.

Marshall University Foundation: Three-year research and development project to
help state teachers identify and serve gifted students living in poverty,
$350,000.

Marshall University Foundation: Create a model laboratory school for the state's
"21st Century Learning" initiative, $280,000.

Marshall University Foundation: Design, plan and evaluate school-based dental
services through community health centers and school-based health centers,
$43,000.

Marshall University Foundation: Continued support, Partnerships for Teacher
Quality Initiative; develop a model of teacher preparation and professional
development, $20,000.

Marshall University Foundation: Support for School-Based Health Center Technical
Assistance team, providing services in areas of quality, self-management and
service development, $170,000.

Marshall University Research Corp.: "Let's Get Moving," multi-county childhood
obesity project promotes family-centered education and interventions involving
nutrition, exercise and physician follow-up, $150,000.

Milan Puskar Health Right, Morgantown: Community Dental Partners, pilot program
of clinics providing free dental care and community education for low-income
patients, $35,000.

Mission West Virginia, Hurricane: Continued support for Wellspring Center to
build capacity of faith-based and community-based organizations statewide as
matching funds for a federal Health and Human Services grant, $125,000.

Mission West Virginia, Hurricane: Provide support for foster and adoptive family
networks statewide, $150,000.

Mission West Virginia, Hurricane: Continued support, STEP UP project that
provides free community technology centers to rural distressed counties,
$60,000.

New River Health Association, Scarbro: Develop oral health program serving
infants and mothers; also improve access to care for school-aged children,
$200,000.

North Central West Virginia Community Action Association, Fairmont: Help with
local match for group work camp that repairs 60-70 homes in Greenbrier County,
$9,500.

North Central West Virginia Community Action Association, Fairmont: Provide
training to Head Start, Taylor County Board of Education, and child-care
professionals in nine-county area using the "I Am Moving, I Am Learning"
physical fitness and nutrition program aimed at combating childhood obesity,
$12,500.

Office of the Governor: Demonstrate technology curriculum in selected high
schools, after-school programs and a community college, $183,000.

Oglebay Institute, Wheeling: Develop, present and market glass-related events in
conjunction with Year of Glass 2007, $35,000.

Oglebay Institute, Wheeling: Develop, pilot and implement statewide after-school
arts program, $235,500.

One Economy Corp., Washington, D.C.: Create statewide "West Virginia Beehive"
Web portal to provide online self-help and educational content to low-income
West Virginians, $150,000.

Regional Education Service Agency (RESA II), Huntington: Develop coaching
program to supplement the West Virginia Department of Education's "21st Century
Learning" professional development plan, $128,300.

Regional Education Service Agency (RESA VIII), Martinsburg: Pilot
cyber-mentoring program for full-time substitute teachers in Eastern Panhandle,
$107,500.

Rural Emergency Trauma Institute, Wheeling: Support analysis of improved
communications system to maximize care of trauma patients, $150,000.

Rural Emergency Trauma Institute, Wheeling: Develop the West Virginia Statewide
Centralized Hospital and Emergency Medical Triage and Coordination Center; train
local providers, $300,000.

Shenandoah Valley Medical System, Martinsburg: Develop sustainable school-based
dental screening, community oral health education and volunteer referral dentist
program for low-income children in Berkeley, Jefferson and Morgan Counties,
$250,000.

Shepherd University Foundation, Shepherdstown: Continued support of Partnerships
for Teacher Quality Initiative; develop a model of teacher preparation and
professional development, $5,000.

Southern Appalachian Labor School Foundation, Kincaid: Matching funds to buy
building materials for Fayette County homes being repaired by Group Workcamps,
$30,000.

Southern Appalachian Labor School Foundation, Kincaid: Administrative support
for low-income housing initiatives, $50,000.

Tamarack Foundation, Beckley: Business development program designed to develop
artisan-entrepreneur businesses and professional skills, $247,000.

Team for West Virginia Children, Huntington: Promote and coordinate statewide
efforts to reduce child abuse and neglect, $300,190.

Thanks Plain and Simple, Cross Lanes: Build public support for West Virginian
veterans, stressing individual, social and human capital improvements, $50,000.

Travel Beautiful Appalachia Inc., Welch: Develop tourism in Southern West
Virginia with an emphasis on McDowell and Wyoming counties through sale of West
Virginia products, $50,000.

United Way of America, Alexandria, Va.: Provide partial scholarships for staff
of small United Ways in West Virginia and Southwestern Pennsylvania to attend
National Staff Leaders' Conference in Pittsburgh, $10,000.

Vision Shared, Charleston: Operating support for Vision Shared and Imagine West
Virginia, $150,000.

Vision Shared, Charleston: "Generation West Virginia" provides planning,
marketing and leadership development to a consortium of young leaders to retain,
attract and advance young talent, $25,000.

Vision Shared, Charleston: Partners in Implementing an Early Care and Education
System (PIECES) creates Web site that gives information about early child
development, $25,000.

Weirton Area Civic Foundation, dba Weirton Area Community Foundation: support
Valley Ventures, a program for entrepreneurial development, $200,000.

West Liberty State College Foundation: Continued support, Partnerships for
Teacher Quality Initiative; develop a model of teacher preparation and
professional development, $20,000.

West Virginia Affordable Housing Trust Fund, Charleston: Finance housing
counseling providers and develop affordable housing units serving low- and
moderate-income families statewide, $500,000.

West Virginia Association of Community Health Centers dba West Virginia Primary
Care Association, Charleston: Develop, in collaboration with the West Virginia
Academy of Family Physicians, pilot community networks using a "medical home"
model, $150,000.

West Virginia Association of Free Clinics, Charleston: Support for oral health
service model development, data collection and analysis, and mini-grants to free
clinics, and expansion of the Diabetes Management Project, $200,000.

West Virginia Community Voices, Charleston: Improve availability and use of oral
health services, especially for children, through coordination and improved oral
health policy, $50,000.

West Virginia Community Voices, Charleston: Establish statewide Perinatal
Partnership to improve health outcomes and provide support for related
demonstration projects, $250,000.

West Virginia Council for Community and Technical College Education, Charleston:
Support for joint program, West Virginia Department of Education and three
community colleges, to help Adult Basic Education students advance to higher
education, $108,000.

West Virginia Council of Churches, Charleston: Start-up funding to offer support
to West Virginia's soldiers and their families, $75,000.

West Virginia Council of Churches, Charleston: Support for West Virginia Healthy
Kids and Families Coalition Conference on Child Health and Development, $35,000.

West Virginia Council of Churches, Charleston: Support for CARE-NET to
coordinate and offer mini-grants to community agencies working with military
families to find and create mechanisms for community support, $250,000.

West Virginia Department of Education: Professional development of elementary
teachers integrating 21st Century Learning Skills into state math standards,
$115,000.

West Virginia Department of Education: Grants to West Virginia's 19 teacher
preparation programs to train teachers to teach 21st Century Skills, $300,000.

West Virginia Department of Education: Team-generated professional development
of arts educators using community arts groups, higher education, parents and
RESAs, $50,000.

West Virginia Department of Education: Improve delivery of quality oral health
education programs by making materials available to schools and supporting
School Wellness Councils, $105,250.

West Virginia Department of Education and the Arts: Increase the enrollment of
minority and low-income students in Advanced Placement courses, $183,650.

West Virginia Development Office: Provide matching funds for program initiatives
for the 2007 West Virginia Flex-E-Grant program, $140,000.

West Virginia Grant Makers Association, Weston: Competitive grants to West
Virginia community foundations for activities targeting endowment growth,
$300,000.

West Virginia Grant Makers Association Inc., Weston: Provide mini-grants to West
Virginia community foundations to address oral health in children and pregnant
women, $300,000.

West Virginia Health Right, Charleston: Expansion of Prescription Assistance
Program for uninsured poor through partnership between West Virginia Health
Right and Beckley Health Right, $75,000;

West Virginia Hospital Research and Education Foundation, Charleston: Pilot
project for West Virginia Coalition for Quality Health Care to improve acute
stroke care, $75,000.

West Virginia Kids Count Fund, Charleston: Help launch "Kids First Communities"
coalitions of parents, child care providers and business leaders to improve
quality, accountability of West Virginia early child development system,
$135,000.

West Virginia Primary Care Network Inc dba Community Health Network of West
Virginia, Scott Depot: Improve statewide tele-health use and Web-based
health-care education and training, $300,000.

West Virginia State University Foundation, Institute: Continued support,
Partnerships for Teacher Quality Initiative; develop a model of teacher
preparation and professional development, $20,000.

West Virginia Symphony Orchestra, Charleston: Support costs of endowment
campaign, $300,000.

West Virginia University Foundation: Develop the WV Coalition for
Technology-Based Economic Development, create and publish a strategic plan and
assist projects advancing TBED statewide, $150,000.

West Virginia University Foundation, Morgantown: Support research and
professional development activities of West Virginia Afterschool Network,
$70,000.

West Virginia University Foundation: Matching grant expands CARDIAC program of
screening and intervention to meet requirements of West Virginia Healthy
Lifestyle Act for Children, $750,000.

West Virginia University Foundation: Continued support, Partnerships for Teacher
Quality Initiative to develop a model of teacher preparation and professional
development, $60,000.

West Virginia University Foundation: Support Smiles Across America-West Virginia
program to provide dental sealants to uninsured/underinsured children and
educate parents on importance of preventive services, $100,000 over two years.

West Virginia University Foundation: Support for Statewide Collegiate Student
Business Plan Competition, $75,000.

West Virginia University Foundation: Support Three Rivers Clean Energy project
to advance energy and environment sectors in West Virginia and Southwestern
Pennsylvania, $32,000.

Wheeling-Ohio County Health Department: Establish Web-based, interactive
training tool to encourage use of Wheeling Walks by other communities, $15,000.

Wood County Schools, Parkersburg: Support for expanded health screening,
improved physical education curriculum, increased role of Wellness Policy
Council and expanded evaluation, $102,000.

Work4WV-Region 1, Beckley: Build in collaboration with West Virginia
Entrepreneurial Alliance a regional entrepreneurial resource model to serve 11
counties, $130,000 over two years.

WORKFORCE West Virginia, Charleston: Pilot additional assessment and
job-matching services in set of employment centers, $210,000.

WV Welfare Reform Coalition, dba West Virginia Alliance for Sustainable
Families, Charleston: Continued support for statewide campaign to expand use of
Earned Income Tax Credit by eligible families, $95,000.

WV Welfare Reform Coalition, dba West Virginia Alliance for Sustainable
Families, Charleston: Support creation of West Virginia Center for Budget and
Policy with mission to provide timely and credible policy recommendations,
especially related to tax policy impact on working families, $75,000.

WVU at Parkersburg Foundation, Parkersburg: Continued support, Partnerships for
Teacher Quality Initiative; develop a model of teacher preparation and
professional development, $20,000.

To contact staff writer Bob Schwarz, use e-mail or call 348-1249.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             March 26, 2012 Monday
                                   Edition 5;
                                National Edition

Building foundations for strong rural community;
The £16m rural poverty and social isolation framework is not a panacea but it is
a strong start, says Michelle O'Neill

BYLINE: Michelle O'Neill

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 584 words


As a rural dweller, I am aware of the difficulties facing many people living in
our community. I often meet and hear about the plight of the most vulnerable -
be they the elderly, young people, or those with disabilities.

I am, therefore, fortunate that, as minister, I have the opportunity to help
those most vulnerable living in our rural communities. The Tackling Rural
Poverty and Social Isolation framework provides a package of £16m, to end in
March 2015, to help the most vulnerable rural dwellers.

I aim to bring forward a range of new measures and to build on the previous work
my department has been doing to help those living in poverty.

My department's ongoing work in tackling rural poverty and promoting social
inclusion has been a crucial part of showing others, both inside and outside of
government, what makes a difference in a rural context.

As much as there are challenges that come with living in a rural area, living
there can also bring a sense of pride and belonging.

I want to ensure that our rural areas continue to be sustainable and that we
support the most vulnerable, who are often forgotten about, but who can make an
enormous contribution to society. This funding will provide a wide range of
projects and programmes that address access poverty (such as access to benefits,
education and training programmes and public transport), financial poverty
(addressing low incomes and additional costs associated with rural areas) and
social exclusion and isolation.

This framework has a direct link to the Rural White Paper action plan, which is
being finalised and will be brought to the Executive shortly.

One of the actions in the plan relates to tackling poverty and social isolation
and this framework demonstrates my commitment to addressing the needs of rural
communities.

This £16m intervention will not be a panacea for all the problems faced by
vulnerable rural people, but it will go some way to help those in need.

So what we have is a framework that focuses on poverty and disadvantage in rural
areas and provides us with the mechanisms to give people a better quality of
life throughout the rural north.

Most importantly, we have an action plan setting out what will be done and
providing the flexibility to react to emerging issues.

Over the past 10 months, I am pleased to say that intervention on the ground has
continued, through provision of concessionary travel for rural smart pass
holders, maximising access to grants, benefits and services by supporting home
visits by trained enablers, funding the rural support charity to provide
assistance to rural families facing difficulties and community development and
support of more than 800 groups.

New initiatives include: household insulation to improve energy efficiency; a
farm family and rural community health checks programme; a rural youth
employability programme; rural young entrepreneurs programme; and a services for
older people project.

A scheme to assist rural dwellers without access to a wholesome water supply
through provision of a bore well is also nearly ready.

Like most of the initiatives, this scheme is developed in conjunction with
another government department - the Department for Regional Development.

Work on another scheme to address localised poverty and isolation issues is
underway, while work on rural broadband continues.

I remain committed to addressing poverty and social exclusion for the good of
all who live in rural areas.

Michelle O'Neill is Minister for Agriculture and Rural Development

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTE


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                             March 26, 2012 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Building foundations for strong rural community;
The £16m rural poverty and social isolation framework is not a panacea but it is
a strong start, says Michelle O'Neill

BYLINE: Michelle O'Neill

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 584 words


As a rural dweller, I am aware of the difficulties facing many people living in
our community. I often meet and hear about the plight of the most vulnerable -
be they the elderly, young people, or those with disabilities.

I am, therefore, fortunate that, as minister, I have the opportunity to help
those most vulnerable living in our rural communities. The Tackling Rural
Poverty and Social Isolation framework provides a package of £16m, to end in
March 2015, to help the most vulnerable rural dwellers.

I aim to bring forward a range of new measures and to build on the previous work
my department has been doing to help those living in poverty.

My department's ongoing work in tackling rural poverty and promoting social
inclusion has been a crucial part of showing others, both inside and outside of
government, what makes a difference in a rural context.

As much as there are challenges that come with living in a rural area, living
there can also bring a sense of pride and belonging.

I want to ensure that our rural areas continue to be sustainable and that we
support the most vulnerable, who are often forgotten about, but who can make an
enormous contribution to society. This funding will provide a wide range of
projects and programmes that address access poverty (such as access to benefits,
education and training programmes and public transport), financial poverty
(addressing low incomes and additional costs associated with rural areas) and
social exclusion and isolation.

This framework has a direct link to the Rural White Paper action plan, which is
being finalised and will be brought to the Executive shortly.

One of the actions in the plan relates to tackling poverty and social isolation
and this framework demonstrates my commitment to addressing the needs of rural
communities.

This £16m intervention will not be a panacea for all the problems faced by
vulnerable rural people, but it will go some way to help those in need.

So what we have is a framework that focuses on poverty and disadvantage in rural
areas and provides us with the mechanisms to give people a better quality of
life throughout the rural north.

Most importantly, we have an action plan setting out what will be done and
providing the flexibility to react to emerging issues.

Over the past 10 months, I am pleased to say that intervention on the ground has
continued, through provision of concessionary travel for rural smart pass
holders, maximising access to grants, benefits and services by supporting home
visits by trained enablers, funding the rural support charity to provide
assistance to rural families facing difficulties and community development and
support of more than 800 groups.

New initiatives include: household insulation to improve energy efficiency; a
farm family and rural community health checks programme; a rural youth
employability programme; rural young entrepreneurs programme; and a services for
older people project.

A scheme to assist rural dwellers without access to a wholesome water supply
through provision of a bore well is also nearly ready.

Like most of the initiatives, this scheme is developed in conjunction with
another government department - the Department for Regional Development.

Work on another scheme to address localised poverty and isolation issues is
underway, while work on rural broadband continues.

I remain committed to addressing poverty and social exclusion for the good of
all who live in rural areas.

Michelle O'Neill is Minister for Agriculture and Rural Development

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTM


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce $3 Million in ARC Grants for West
Virginia

LENGTH: 751 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced that four West Virginia projects will receive a total of $3 million
from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) for infrastructure, health and
economic development improvements.





 The Logan County Public Service District's Phase III-B1 Wastewater project will
receive $1,500,000; the Town of Union's Water System Improvements project will
receive $1,000,000; the West Virginia Development Office's West Virginia
Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program will receive $100,000; and the
Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will receive
$400,000 for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control and Translation
Project.



 &ldquo;By investing in water infrastructure improvements, economic development,
and health education and prevention programs, we are enhancing the quality of
life for so many West Virginians and helping to revitalize our
communities,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;This funding will provide
underserved communities with access to the resources necessary to keep West
Virginians safe and healthy and create new economic opportunities.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;This funding gives a needed boost to struggling West Virginia
communities,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;By improving local water and
sewer programs, investing in economic development initiatives and supporting
diabetes education and prevention, these programs will help improve the quality
of life in some of our most rural communities and pave the way for economic
growth.&rdquo;



 Program Details:



 &bull;        The Logan County Public Service District will receive $1,500,000
from ARC for the Phase III-B1 Wastewater project, which will provide sewer
service to 116 households and 15 businesses in Lower Island Creek Road, Cherry
Tree, Whites Addition, Yuma Camp and surrounding areas. The businesses and
residents of the project area do not currently have access to a public
wastewater system. This project will help provide safe and reliable sewer
service and attract future investments in the region. In addition to ARC
funding, other federal sources will provide $836,000, and local sources will
provide $2,230,000, bringing the total project funding to $4,566,000.



 &bull;        The Town of Union will receive $1,000,000 from ARC for the Union
Water System Improvements project. This project will significantly contribute to
the region's community and economic development goals by increasing the town's
water storage, enhancing reliability, providing the foundation for future water
line extensions to unserved communities and enabling a local manufacturing
company to expand production and create new jobs. In addition to ARC funding,
other federal sources will provide $1,023,000 and local sources will provide
$507,000, bringing the total project funding to $2,530,000.



 &bull;        The West Virginia Development Office will receive $100,000 from
ARC for the West Virginia Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program.
This program will provide mini-grants for up to $10,000 per project to fund
small-scale, non-construction community development projects. The program is
targeted to serve the state's eight distressed counties, 17 at-risk counties and
selected transitional counties. Highest priority will be given to projects
associated with WV Blueprint Communities and the Turn This Town Around
Initiative. In addition to ARC funding, the Claude Worthington Benedum
Foundation will provide $75,000 and local sources will provide $17,300, bringing
the total project funding to $192,300.



 &bull;        The Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University
will receive $400,000 from ARC for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes
Control and Translation Project, which helps address diabetes in distressed
areas throughout Appalachia. Since 2002, ARC and the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention (CDC) have sponsored Marshall's efforts to support local
coalitions focused on diabetes education and prevention for thousands of people
each year. This funding will provide additional training and technical
assistance, and support continued grant assistance for the strongest coalitions.
This ARC grant of $400,000 includes $200,000 in transferred CDC funds. ###



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                        May 10, 2000, Wednesday Edition

Some eerie echoes of the past in plans for families, bush

SECTION: A;33

LENGTH: 870 words


According to those in the Public Service who have the corporate memory to recall
the '70s, there are some eerie echoes of the Whitlam government's community
development-focused Australian Assistance Plan in this year's Stronger Families
and Communities Strategy.

It seems that the strategy has been mentioned more than once by old hands.

'A key feature of the strategy will be its flexibility in meeting and delivering
tailored solutions for regional communities,' according to the statement by John
Anderson and Ian Macdonald.

There are lots of good things for rural and regional Australia in this Budget,
and so it seems that the Government, having gutted the old Social Security and
Employment Departments to create the new agency CentreLink, to be the main/sole
service delivery agency in the country - single-point-of- entry, one-stop-shop,
etc - is now about to re-energise the (rump) policy Department of Family and
Community Services.

But since the regional communities might find it difficult to make quick contact
with the capital city based FACS offices (there is one regional based office -
in Townsville), there could be problems in achieving take-up.

And of course the departmental culture in those offices might not be about
outreach and flexibility and development. Not in an agency responsible for an
income security system described elsewhere in the Budget papers as 'highly
targeted'.

'Highly targeted' and 'locally flexible' don't fit in the same head space.

So it seems likely that, just as was found necessary in 1974, to get the
child-care program and the Australian Assistance Plan up, there will have to be
programs to 'change the culture' in the department, as well as funds to employ
consultants to get out and about (mobile as well as flexible) to 'work with
local communities' to develop their strategies. And, of course, to apply for the
money.

Maybe there'll be a re-run of local government as employer of community
development personnel - but only in the bush, of course. And don't mention
regional bodies, just regions, or RaRA.

Something of a pity that we won't see the same help extended to the depressed
and depressing outer 'burbs of expanding cities where services are few (like the
Outer Barcoo/ where churches were few/ and men of religion were scanty).

It's hard to sound unwelcome to Budget offers of flexible funds for local
projects, and the means to help expand parenting programs and to challenge
substance abuse and domestic violence, or the Child Nutrition Program, let alone
the pilot programs to test out some of the ideas in the recent Welfare Reform
Report.

But history (and personal experience) suggest that if these welcome elements are
to reach deep into the bush, and in particular are to be realised in indigenous
communities in RaRA (and we feel sure that Ministers Anderson and Macdonald mean
them to - they couldn't be for whites alone, given references in their paper to
indigenous Australians) then there will have to be tailored outreach strategies
which include consultants/development workers experienced in helping indigenous
communities write funding proposals (with attached budgets) in what may well be
fairly truncated time frames so as to achieve expenditure within the Budget
cycle.

Business and philanthropic initiatives are to be encouraged, too. The Sydney
Myer Foundation has already made a very substantial contribution to the
Government's new Foundation for Rural and Regional Renewal, to which the
Government has allocated $14.5 million. This is to 'boost the economic and
social stocks of regional Australia . . . with focus on economic development,
job creation and stimulation regional and rural renewal'.

Alongside all this, we can anticipate that there will be not a few irritated
backbenchers of all political persuasions that their constituents may not
benefit, either from a flexible community approach, nor from some of the
programs. Ross Cameron and others thinking like him, balanced on narrow margins,
could feel they have missed out. Development consultants can be as necessary for
ensuring projects are developed and submissions made in town as well as country
- particularly where a disadvantaged or non-English- background group is
concerned.

The Whitlam government's initiatives in integrated early childhood services
which were to build on the McMahon government's Child Care Act of 1972 were
almost swallowed by the readiness of existing pre-school lobbies to seek money
when there were few active promoters for child-care grants. It took energetic
action by the Fraser government to really push the development of child-care
services, including school holiday programs - using a community development
approach, and re-sensitised public servants.

The risk for this quite worthwhile set of social initiatives, not least those
solely for the bush, is that the squeaky wheels will get the most oil most
quickly, and that some of the most disadvantaged communities will be too slow
off the starting blocks.

A new RaRA development strategy will need some careful targeting and a lot of
rahrah to get off the ground.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

             Copyright 2000 The Federal Capital Press of Australia
                                  Pty Limited


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hazard Herald (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

Kentucky to form working group for Next Generation effort to help rural
communities attract, retain future leaders

BYLINE: The Hazard Herald, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 892 words


May 17--As a component of their "Next Generation: The Future of Rural Arts and
Culture Placemaking" initiative, Art of the Rural (AOTR) and the Rural Policy
Research Institute (RUPRI) today announced the formation of a Kentucky working
group to help rural communities attract and retain the next generation of
leaders. It also named co-chairs of the effort.

Lori Meadows, executive director of the Kentucky Arts Council; and Sandi Curd,
Promise Zone coordinator for Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation, will
serve as the co-chairs of the Kentucky Regional Network Working Group. The
initiative is part of the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) Our Town
"knowledge building" grant.

Curd and Meadows will be taking this initiative forward along with diverse and
experienced working group team members from across Kentucky's regions and
sectors. Working Group members are Sarah Allan, Jessica Bellamy, Joe Berry,
Aleta Botts, Brandon Coan, Ron Daley, Allison Davis, Katherine Frank, Alexander
Gibson, Hilda Legg, Timothy McNeilly, Gerry Roll, Rita Smart, Brandon Smith,
Regina Stivers, and Debbie Zuerner-Johnson. For a complete list of Working Group
member affiliations, please see the roster below.

Kentucky's Next Generation Working Group has defined creative placemaking as
"any artistic, food, crafts, small business/entrepreneurial activity or endeavor
that tells a community's unique story -- both past and present -- to pull people
together, create a sense of place, strengthen the health and improve the quality
of life for everyone in that community." The goal of the initiative is to help
rural communities attract and retain the next generation of leaders.

Designed and facilitated by Art of the Rural and the Rural Policy Research
Institute, the initiative engages artists, organizations and communities across
the public and private sector to collaborate, share innovative strategies and
research, and elevate emerging leaders in the field.

The first public meeting will be held from 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. on May 20 in
Whitesburg.

"These Kentucky partnerships and the national efforts of Art of the Rural and
the Rural Policy Research Institute unite strong public policy perspectives with
robust arts and culture innovations taking place across America," said Matthew
Fluharty, executive director of Art of the Rural. "The next generation of rural
citizens and leaders demand resilient, inclusive and creative places. We find
the pathways to that future in the space where these fields converge."

The working group team members are from across Kentucky's regions and sectors.
(See below for a complete list.)

"Kentucky has a strong creative industry that is growing," Meadows said. "The
Next Generation initiative will bring diverse sectors together to share best
practices and develop innovative ways to address challenges. Kentucky's emerging
leaders will use this integration to engage stakeholders, mobilize opportunities
and leverage investment to further creative placemaking in the Commonwealth."

Curd added: "Kentuckians are known for having a strong sense of place. We have a
deep connection to our hometowns. This effort will create successful strategies
for making communities leverage their strengths in a way that appeals to these
future leaders."

May 20 meeting

Hosted at Appalshop in Whitesburg from 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. on May 20, the Next
Generation Kentucky Convening will be the first opportunity for the newly
established Regional Network Working Group to connect emerging innovators with
established leadership, and create opportunities for cross-sector collaboration
across regions of the Commonwealth.

Together, they will debut their newly created definition of creative placemaking
that is specific to Kentucky. The vision for this convening is to exchange best
practices; advance institutional, public and private support for creative
placemaking in Kentucky; and begin to inform state leverage for such work.
Participants will have opportunities to engage with sub-committees of the
Working Group, as well connect with rural creative placemaking exemplars in
eastern Kentucky, many of whom have attracted significant federal and
philanthropic investment for the Commonwealth.

It is open to the public. Registration is free, but space is limited. Please
register by May 16 at:
http://artscouncil.ky.gov/Opportunities/NextGeneration-Register.htm.Travel
support may be available to help with mileage expenses.

"Appalshop is excited to bring this network together in eastern Kentucky, where
innovative creative placemaking projects are revitalizing communities that are
struggling economically as a result of a declining coal industry," said
Appalshop Executive Director Alex Gibson. "We're designing this event as a place
for leaders from across the state to come together, learn about, and collaborate
on new approaches to community development in order to move our Commonwealth
forward."

For additional information about the National Next Generation Initiative, visit
the website as Next Generation, email info@ruralgeneration.org, and follow Next
Generation on Facebook and Twitter. To learn more about the Kentucky Network,
visit: https://ruralgeneration.org/regions/kentucky/

___ (c)2016 The Hazard Herald (Hazard, Ky.) Visit The Hazard Herald (Hazard,
Ky.) at www.hazard-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160517-ZD-Kentucky-to-form-working-group-for-Next-Generation-effort-to-help-
rural-communities-attract-retain-future-leaders-0517-20160517

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZD


                        Copyright 2016 The Hazard Herald


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

Minnesota: DEED Awards $500,000 in Child Care Grants

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Dapertment of employment and economic development, Minnesota
has issued the foallowing news release:



 Grants totaling $500,000 were awarded to eight groups that will work to
increase the number of child care providers in their Greater Minnesota
communities.





 The funding was awarded under the Greater Minnesota Childcare Grants Program,
which was created by the Minnesota Legislature last year to increase child care
services in order to support regional economic development. The program will be
managed by the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development
(DEED) with guidance from the Minnesota Department of Human Services.



 "Affordable, excellent child care is a building block for economic
opportunity," said Lt. Governor Tina Smith. "Without excellent, affordable child
care, working parents can't work, student parents can't finish school, and
parents adding to their job skills can't get ahead. Children need excellent,
affordable early education too, so they can be ready for school. These grants
will create options and opportunities for families."



 Grant funds must be used to implement solutions to reduce the child care
shortage in the state. Examples include funding for child care business start-up
or expansion, training, facility modifications or improvements required for
licensing, and assistance with licensing and other regulatory requirements.



 "The shortage of quality, affordable child care in Minnesota is having a ripple
effect across the state, affecting families, employers, economies and
communities," said DEED Commissioner Shawntera Hardy. "This funding will
increase child care options in Greater Minnesota communities that have a
demonstrated shortage of providers."



 A report by the Mankato-based Center for Rural Policy and Development last year
called the shortage of child care in Minnesota "a quiet crisis." According to
the report, in-home family child care providers are leaving the field at a high
rate in Minnesota because they aren't making enough money to stay in business.
The number of licensed in-home family child care providers decreased by 27
percent across the state between 2006 and 2015, the report said.



 Fifteen proposals were submitted to DEED, with a total of $1.3 million
requested. The following groups were approved for funding for proposed child
care projects:



 Northland Foundation , Duluth, $125,000



 West Central Initiative , Fergus Falls, $50,000



 Tri-Valley Opportunity Council , Crookston, $51,500



 Lake of the Woods Economic Development Authority , Baudette, $31,000



 Southwest Initiative , Hutchinson, $110,000



 Lakes and Pines Community Action Council Inc. , Mora, $110,000



 United Way New Ulm , New Ulm, $21,000



 Lake Crystal School District , Lake Crystal, $1,500



 DEED is the state's principal economic development agency, promoting business
recruitment, expansion and retention, workforce development, international trade
and community development





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com











LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

Minnesota: DEED Awards $500,000 in Child Care Grants

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Dapertment of employment and economic development, Minnesota
has issued the foallowing news release:



 Grants totaling $500,000 were awarded to eight groups that will work to
increase the number of child care providers in their Greater Minnesota
communities.





 The funding was awarded under the Greater Minnesota Childcare Grants Program,
which was created by the Minnesota Legislature last year to increase child care
services in order to support regional economic development. The program will be
managed by the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development
(DEED) with guidance from the Minnesota Department of Human Services.



 "Affordable, excellent child care is a building block for economic
opportunity," said Lt. Governor Tina Smith. "Without excellent, affordable child
care, working parents can't work, student parents can't finish school, and
parents adding to their job skills can't get ahead. Children need excellent,
affordable early education too, so they can be ready for school. These grants
will create options and opportunities for families."



 Grant funds must be used to implement solutions to reduce the child care
shortage in the state. Examples include funding for child care business start-up
or expansion, training, facility modifications or improvements required for
licensing, and assistance with licensing and other regulatory requirements.



 "The shortage of quality, affordable child care in Minnesota is having a ripple
effect across the state, affecting families, employers, economies and
communities," said DEED Commissioner Shawntera Hardy. "This funding will
increase child care options in Greater Minnesota communities that have a
demonstrated shortage of providers."



 A report by the Mankato-based Center for Rural Policy and Development last year
called the shortage of child care in Minnesota "a quiet crisis." According to
the report, in-home family child care providers are leaving the field at a high
rate in Minnesota because they aren't making enough money to stay in business.
The number of licensed in-home family child care providers decreased by 27
percent across the state between 2006 and 2015, the report said.



 Fifteen proposals were submitted to DEED, with a total of $1.3 million
requested. The following groups were approved for funding for proposed child
care projects:



 Northland Foundation , Duluth, $125,000



 West Central Initiative , Fergus Falls, $50,000



 Tri-Valley Opportunity Council , Crookston, $51,500



 Lake of the Woods Economic Development Authority , Baudette, $31,000



 Southwest Initiative , Hutchinson, $110,000



 Lakes and Pines Community Action Council Inc. , Mora, $110,000



 United Way New Ulm , New Ulm, $21,000



 Lake Crystal School District , Lake Crystal, $1,500



 DEED is the state's principal economic development agency, promoting business
recruitment, expansion and retention, workforce development, international trade
and community development.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com











LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                             June 28, 2007 Thursday

ENVIRONMENT BRIEFS

BYLINE: COMPILED BY ANDY DENNISON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B-11

LENGTH: 500 words


Local advocates join national initiative

Amigos Bravos, a river advocacy group based in Taos, has been named to
participate in a regional effort to improve communication among environmental
groups.

The organization will join 56 others across the nation in receiving funds from
the W.K. Kellogg Foundation to "strengthen and build networks among diverse
rural alliances" so that, together, they can work toward common goals, according
to release from the Center for Rural Strategies.

Through Kellogg grants, Amigos Bravos will link with four other rural-issue
organizations in New Mexico and Arizona: Catholic Community Services of Southern
Arizona in Prescott Valley, Ariz.; New Mexico Voices for Children in
Albuquerque; Nogales Community Development Corp. in Nogales, Ariz.; and Rural
Health Office of University of Arizona in Tucson.

Utilities must factor in emissions

In 2008, electric utilities in New Mexico will have to include the cost of
carbon emissions into their state-regulated energy plans.

Each utility must decide upon the most cost-efficient energy resources for its
customer -- fossil fuel or renewable. By including so-called carbon costs into
the equation, the state's Public Regulation Commission can "direct future
development away from coal-fired generation plants" that contribute to
greenhouse gas emissions, said PRC commissioner Jason Marks.

Carbon costs range from $8 to $40 a metric ton. PRC officials said customers
will not bear any financial burden for the decision; rather, utilities must
adjust the mix of energy types they use to provide electricity to their
customers.

Bears hit Great Sand Dunes

Visitors to the Great Sand Dunes National Park now need to keep an eye out for
black bears.

The park, located northeast of Alamosa, Colo., is experiencing a number of black
bear sightings, so visitors and campers must take precautions, according to park
officials.

All food, trash and toiletries must be stored away -- not in tents where people
are sleeping -- because bears are attracted to anything edible, park officials
said.

Visitors should stop at the park center for more information.

Fire safety still paramount

Despite wetter than normal conditions this winter and spring, the danger of
forest fire still exists, according to Forest Service officials.

With people heading into the hills to camp, forest managers note that an
increase in ground cover -- grasses, weeds and other small plants -- can ignite,
especially if a campfire is not attended to. Tips for campfire safety include:

* Use established fire ring clear of debris;

* Build fires away from overhanging limbs, steep sloes, rotten stumps, logs, dry
grass, pine needles and leaves;

* Pile extra wood away from fire;

* Clear area down to bare ground;

* Keep fire small, especially if windy;

* Never leave fire unattended;

* Do not bury coals because they can re-ignite;

* Drown fire with water, stir remains, and drown and stir again; and

* Make sure fire is cool and out before leaving campsite.

-- Compiled by Andy Dennison

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Beware of bears at the Great Sand Dunes National Park.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Mississippi: Population Studies Center Advances Understanding of Post-Recession
Era

LENGTH: 925  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: The University of Mississippi has issued the following news release:



 Recognizing that the seeds of many social ills were planted after the Great
Recession, the Center for Population Studies at the University of Mississippi is
collaborating with researchers across the country to share findings and examine
courses of action.





 A group of scholars associated with the Western Association of Agricultural
Experiment Directors recently held its 2016 meeting in Mississippi, co-hosted
and co-sponsored by the Center for Population Studies and the UM Department of
Sociology and Anthropology and McLean Institute for Public Service and Community
Engagement.



 "The Center for Population Studies is somewhat unique among our peers across
the country in focusing on connecting multimethod population studies with
community development research, especially in relation to health and local food
systems," said John J. Green, UM professor of sociology and director of the
center and the Society and Health minor program in the College of Liberal Arts.



 "With ever-increasing access to data online, we are doing more and more work
focused on helping organizations to access and utilize population data to inform
their work. In addition to filling data requests, providing technical assistance
and analysis, we also provide participatory workshops to assist people in
accessing, interpreting and actually using data."



 As part of a multistate research project on "The Great Recession: Its Aftermath
and Patterns of Rural and Small Town Demographic Change," 16 scholars from
Alabama, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, New Hampshire, New York, Ohio, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, Vermont, Wisconsin and Washington, D.C., joined seven of
their Mississippi colleagues to present research on demographic and
socioeconomic issues of concern.



 "We discussed strategies for better disseminating our work to the public and
developed plans for the next five years of work together," Green said. "There is
attention being directed toward population health in Mississippi, nationally and
globally.



 "We are working through the center to help people understand the demographic
basis for population health, including attention to population structures,
characteristics and composition. In order to improve population health, we have
to understand the population."
 The Center for Population Studies is working with Volunteer Mississippi to
conduct a series of workshops across north Mississippi to help nonprofit
organizations use research to inform their strategic plans and grant proposals.
In early November, the center will host the State Data Center of Mississippi's
Annual Affiliates Meeting in collaboration with Planning and Development
Districts from around the state.



 To better understand issues faced by rural community and health development
professionals, the center's staff also met with representatives from the Aaron
E. Henry Community Health Center, Community Foundation of Northwest Mississippi,
Delta Directions Consortium, Delta State University Center for Community and
Economic Development and DSU Delta Center for Culture and Learning, Green said.



 "Building on meetings held in Hernando, an interactive panel session was held
at the Coahoma County Higher Education Center in Clarksdale," he said.



 Sannie Snell, who runs the Right! from the Start maternal-child health program
and is a longtime partner of the center, said that it was natural that the
organization would gravitate toward the center.



 "The center has been beneficial, because it takes our ideas and frames them for
research and evaluation," Snell said. "It provides us the expertise needed to
develop evidence-based rural models of health care.



 "Collaborating with the center also brings in really bright students, who have
an interest in the work we're doing."
 The partnership creates a synergy between the university, students and the
community that will affect how Right! from the Start does community-focused
research in the future, she said.



 "This synergistic relationship is not only beneficial for my organization, but
also for building groups of future professionals, who understand the plight of
our population from a community level and, hopefully, can create more
patient-focused health care systems in the future," Snell said.



 Funded through a mixture of sources, including state-budgeted funds combined
with external grants and contracts from agencies and foundations in Mississippi
and nationally, the center has a long history.



 Through its affiliation with the State Data Center Program in conjunction with
the U.S. Census Bureau, the Center for Population Studies houses the State Data
Center of Mississippi, represents Mississippi in the Federal-State Cooperative
for Population Studies and works as liaison between diverse users of data and
the Census Bureau.



 Additionally, the center houses a program for community-based research through
which it works with nonprofit organizations across the state to assist them with
research design, data collection and analysis, especially for community
development and health-related initiatives.



 "This is our fifth and final year hosting the editorial office for the
peer-reviewed journal Community Development," Green said. "Published in
association with the Community Development Society and Routledge, Taylor &
Francis, this is an international publication focused on connecting research and
practice."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Mississippi: Population Studies Center Advances Understanding of Post-Recession
Era

LENGTH: 925  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: The University of Mississippi has issued the following news release:



 Recognizing that the seeds of many social ills were planted after the Great
Recession, the Center for Population Studies at the University of Mississippi is
collaborating with researchers across the country to share findings and examine
courses of action.





 A group of scholars associated with the Western Association of Agricultural
Experiment Directors recently held its 2016 meeting in Mississippi, co-hosted
and co-sponsored by the Center for Population Studies and the UM Department of
Sociology and Anthropology and McLean Institute for Public Service and Community
Engagement.



 "The Center for Population Studies is somewhat unique among our peers across
the country in focusing on connecting multimethod population studies with
community development research, especially in relation to health and local food
systems," said John J. Green, UM professor of sociology and director of the
center and the Society and Health minor program in the College of Liberal Arts.



 "With ever-increasing access to data online, we are doing more and more work
focused on helping organizations to access and utilize population data to inform
their work. In addition to filling data requests, providing technical assistance
and analysis, we also provide participatory workshops to assist people in
accessing, interpreting and actually using data."



 As part of a multistate research project on "The Great Recession: Its Aftermath
and Patterns of Rural and Small Town Demographic Change," 16 scholars from
Alabama, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, New Hampshire, New York, Ohio, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Utah, Vermont, Wisconsin and Washington, D.C., joined seven of
their Mississippi colleagues to present research on demographic and
socioeconomic issues of concern.



 "We discussed strategies for better disseminating our work to the public and
developed plans for the next five years of work together," Green said. "There is
attention being directed toward population health in Mississippi, nationally and
globally.



 "We are working through the center to help people understand the demographic
basis for population health, including attention to population structures,
characteristics and composition. In order to improve population health, we have
to understand the population."
 The Center for Population Studies is working with Volunteer Mississippi to
conduct a series of workshops across north Mississippi to help nonprofit
organizations use research to inform their strategic plans and grant proposals.
In early November, the center will host the State Data Center of Mississippi's
Annual Affiliates Meeting in collaboration with Planning and Development
Districts from around the state.



 To better understand issues faced by rural community and health development
professionals, the center's staff also met with representatives from the Aaron
E. Henry Community Health Center, Community Foundation of Northwest Mississippi,
Delta Directions Consortium, Delta State University Center for Community and
Economic Development and DSU Delta Center for Culture and Learning, Green said.



 "Building on meetings held in Hernando, an interactive panel session was held
at the Coahoma County Higher Education Center in Clarksdale," he said.



 Sannie Snell, who runs the Right! from the Start maternal-child health program
and is a longtime partner of the center, said that it was natural that the
organization would gravitate toward the center.



 "The center has been beneficial, because it takes our ideas and frames them for
research and evaluation," Snell said. "It provides us the expertise needed to
develop evidence-based rural models of health care.



 "Collaborating with the center also brings in really bright students, who have
an interest in the work we're doing."
 The partnership creates a synergy between the university, students and the
community that will affect how Right! from the Start does community-focused
research in the future, she said.



 "This synergistic relationship is not only beneficial for my organization, but
also for building groups of future professionals, who understand the plight of
our population from a community level and, hopefully, can create more
patient-focused health care systems in the future," Snell said.



 Funded through a mixture of sources, including state-budgeted funds combined
with external grants and contracts from agencies and foundations in Mississippi
and nationally, the center has a long history.



 Through its affiliation with the State Data Center Program in conjunction with
the U.S. Census Bureau, the Center for Population Studies houses the State Data
Center of Mississippi, represents Mississippi in the Federal-State Cooperative
for Population Studies and works as liaison between diverse users of data and
the Census Bureau.



 Additionally, the center houses a program for community-based research through
which it works with nonprofit organizations across the state to assist them with
research design, data collection and analysis, especially for community
development and health-related initiatives.



 "This is our fifth and final year hosting the editorial office for the
peer-reviewed journal Community Development," Green said. "Published in
association with the Community Development Society and Routledge, Taylor &
Francis, this is an international publication focused on connecting research and
practice."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              North Devon Journal

                                August 12, 2004

Grant worth thousands will help 1646 centre expand

SECTION: News; Business; Leisure/Tourism; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 371 words


A charitable trust in Torrington has landed a massive grant to develop a 17th
Century tourist attraction's work with children.  Great Torrington and District
Community Development Trust was awarded £23,856 by the Local Heritage Initiative
to develop Torrington 1646's outreach education project.

The cash will go towards helping costumed guides take history into schools
across North Devon.

Manager Richard Simmons said: "We are absolutely delighted. Even if we can bring
history alive for just one child then we have done our job." At Torrington 1646,
visitors can wander around a mock-up of the streets of Torrington during the
English Civil War and the famous Battle of Torrington.

Costumed guides take visitors on a town tour, put on weaponry displays and teach
visitors about the use of herbs during the 17th century.

The grant was awarded to develop the skills of existing and new volunteers in a
bid to provide an outreach education programme of living history to schools and
community groups.

Costumed guides from the attraction aim to bring history to life in the
classroom through a variety of ways: songs, stories, role play and displays.

Mr Simmons said: "What we have had to do is make Torrington 1646 profitable and
financially viable and now that has been achieved, we are able to develop our
education strategy.

"We are liaising with a team of history teachers from schools across North Devon
to take our work into the community to bring history alive to pupils.

"This grant will go a long way towards helping us fulfil our goal." The grant
will also cover training for volunteers including characterisation classes,
civil war study, language development and classroom and child management for
community volunteers.

It will also allow the heritage centre to reach rural schools which may not be
able to travel to Torrington.

Development trust project manager, Joanna Winterburn, said: "The 1646 team will
really be able to make a difference in the community.

"By visiting schools we can take living history into the classroom and provide
an entertaining and educational insight into 17th century life - an experience
we hope young people will never forget."

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                       Copyright 2004 North Devon Journal


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Ballymena Times

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Opening of The Window'

LENGTH: 789  words


A new community enterprise shop opened in Ballymena this week, stocking arts and
crafts made by local people.

The Window - Bringing Community Ideas to Life' is operated by Bann Maine West
Community Cluster in the Northern Zone Social Enterprise Hub premises on the
corner of Bridge Street and Castle Street.

The shop - managed by LEDCOM - will be open two to three days per week and is
one of 11 hubs established across the nine Social Investment Zones under the
Northern Ireland Executive's Delivering Social Change Framework.

The Window will also be an area where people can come in to find out more
information about what is going on in the local area and attend workshops and
other events.

It's also an opportunity to raise the profile of the communities within the Bann
Maine West cluster including Cloney, Cullybackey, Grange, Hillstown, Portglenone
and Tullygarley.

With £4 million of funding from the Executive's Delivering Social Change Fund,
the Social Enterprise Hub Signature Programme tackles poverty, dereliction and
unemployment by encouraging social enterprise business start-up within local
communities.

Joanne Brown Kerr, Development Officer for Bann Maine West, said : "It's a
tremendous opportunity for us to trial a retail outlet that has the potential to
bring in finance to support the work that we are doing in the community.

"The Window will be staffed by volunteers from seven rural community groups -
our cluster has really pulled together and we  would never have been able to
achieve anything like this without working in partnership. We have some
wonderful unique products created by our own local people that would make ideal
gifts."

Mayor of Mid and East Antrim Councillor Billy Ashe said: "I am very pleased to
attend the launch of this dynamic community enterprise initiative by the
Northern Zone Social Enterprise Hub.

"It will allow members of no less than seven separate community development
associations across the Bann Maine West Community Cluster to work together on
this enterprise, with the aim of improving communities at grass roots level
where it matters most.

"I commend the volunteers from the various associations for their hard work and
welcome the overall initiative that is in itself designed to empower local
communities by opening a window' on the start of something new and exciting."

Ken Nelson, from the Northern Zone Social Enterprise Hub, added: "The Hub is an
important catalyst supporting social enterprise within this large region which
includes four council areas - Mid and East Antrim, Antrim and Newtownabbey, Mid
Ulster and Causeway Coast and Glens.

"This new enterprise demonstrates how the hub initiative supports local
communities to develop entrepreneurial spirit and respond to the needs and
wishes of people and industry in the region."

The community cluster concept was initiated by Ballymena Borough Council in
2010.

Bann Maine West is one of four clusters and members are Cloney Rural Development
Association, Cullybackey Development Association, Cullybackey Improvement
Association, Grange Cross Community Association, Hillstown Rural Community
Group, Portglenone Enterprise Group and Tullygarley Residents and District
Association with the Lead Partner being Portglenone Enterprise Group.

All involved with Bann Maine West are volunteers apart from one part time
development officer.

Successes have included attracting almost £200,000 into the Bann Maine West
area, an ongoing successful Lunch & Learn programme for older people and youth
initiatives.

Bann Maine West also work closely with the other Clusters and are currently in
the process of developing community wind turbines with generated income coming
straight into local community initiatives.

Joanne added: "It's important for community groups to look at alternative
sources of finance and not to be wholly reliant on grants in today's economic
situation.

"Our cluster is forward-thinking and we are excited to be opening this shop in
the centre of Ballymena. We hope people will call in and see what we have to
offer."

The shop stocks a range of unique gift products including handcrafted wooden
candlesticks, bowls, goblets, pens and cutting boards.

There are paintings created by two local art clubs, gorgeous renovated vintage
furniture, handmade jewellery, blankets and bed spreads as well as small craft
items like cards and plaques.

In addition to the handcrafted items there is also a range of beautiful new
handbags and scarves, as well as used books for sale.

For more information on the shop, products or volunteering opportunities, don't
hesitate to get in touch with Joanne on either 028 2588 2281 or 07866408092.
Information is also available on www.bannmainewest.co.uk or its Facebook page.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INBT


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            February 1, 2009 Sunday

Once free ride is now hitting city's coffers

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1199 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


COLUMN: POLITICS AND THE CITY

When is a loan not a loan?

When you don't have to pay for it.

That's exactly the kind of arrangement the city of Worcester had between August
2004 and August 2008 regarding the $5.8 million Section 108 loan it received
from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for the Gardner Kilby
Hammond Revitalization Project in the Main South area.

During that time, the city actually never had to use a dime of its own money to
make payments on the loan. Instead, the federal government made the payments on
the federal loan.

The Section 108 loan was obtained by the city to finance the acquisition,
demolition and preparation of a 7.5-acre parcel in Main South so it could be
redeveloped into recreational opportunities for Clark University and
neighborhood residents through the Gardner Kilby Hammond Neighborhood Initiative
- a $30 million public-private effort to revitalize a blighted 30-acre tract in
that area.

The recreational components of the redevelopment initiative include the new $7.5
million Boys & Girls Club, which opened in September 2006, and a $2.5 million
track and field complex that will be constructed by Clark University.

Previously, all other Section 108 loans obtained by the city were strictly used
to guarantee conventional bank loans that other entities had taken out for
development projects. That made the city the guarantor of those loans and, as a
result, it did not have to make any payments to the Department of Housing and
Urban Development on them.

The Section 108 loan obtained for the Gardner Kilby Hammond Neighborhood
Initiative was different, however. For the first time, the city is the actual
borrower and is responsible for making payments on it.

For the first few years, the semiannual payments on it were made from federal
earmarks that U.S. Rep. James P. McGovern, D-Worcester, and U.S. Sen. Edward M.
Kennedy, D-Massachusetts, had secured for the project. Thanks to their
legislative efforts, the city was able to obtain $1.1 million in federal money
to pay down the loan.

Not a bad deal, to say the least, and that was considered key in getting the
project off the ground.

Things changed last year, however, when the Bush administration pulled the plug
on the use of federal earmarks for local projects.

Faced with federal budget pressures caused by the war effort, a succession of
natural disasters, and national economic pressures caused by foreclosures and
Wall Street crises, federal outlays for projects such as the Gardner Kilby
Hammond initiative were not approved in the past two budget cycles.

That meant the city was actually going to have to start paying the debt service
on its loan. Can you imagine that?

Anticipating that the federal earmarks would some day disappear, Worcester City
Manager Michael V. O'Brien had the foresight to build up a funding source that
could be used to make future debt service payments on the loan. He did that by
setting aside unexpended balances from the federal Community Development Block
grant allocation.

That strategy paid dividends when the federal earmarks for the project did
indeed stop and the city had to make a $232,000 loan payment last August. Mr.
O'Brien and the City Council then had to go to that same well

and tap the unexpended block grant balances last month when it had to make a
$132,939 payment on the Section 108 loan.

But now there's a problem: With another $232,061 debt payment due in August,
city officials have warned that the funding source it used to make the last two
loan payments has also run dry.

The remaining principal balance on the loan is $4.7 million and debt service
payments will run through August 2024. The annual debt service payments will
average about $365,000 a year during the life of the loan, with balloon payments
due in 2018 ($1.87 million) and 2024 ($1.27 million).

"We will not have sufficient (Community Development Block Grant) unexpended
balances to make additional payments due in August and future years without
additional federal earmarks," Assistant City Manager Julie A. Jacobson recently
told the City Council. "If additional federal funding is not received, we will
recommend funding this debt service through our annual (block grant) entitlement
in the amount of $365,000 (annually)."

That prospect has rubbed some people the wrong way. They contend that such
action will have a significant impact on those agencies and services that
receive block grant funds from the city because they will have $365,000 less to
work with. And with the pot of block grant money shrinking year after year, the
loss of $365,000 would be significant.

Bill Randell, a local businessman who has closely followed the Gardner Kilby
Hammond project and written extensively about it on his blog, has questioned why
the city should be the sole party on the hook for the loan when Clark University
and the Main South Community Development Corp., the two partners with the city
on the project, are clearly going to benefit from it.

He believes those two parties should also have some responsibility for paying
off the Section 108 loan.

"The city of Worcester takes out a $5.8 million loan to develop this 7.5-acre
parcel, and does not require any one part benefiting to pay anything?" Mr.
Randell asked last week. "Now, the rest of us will be penalized since block
grant money that could be used for sidewalks and other community improvements
will go toward paying this loan."

Certainly a point worth noting.

But Ms. Jacobson said the city secured the Section 108 loan as part of a
comprehensive neighborhood revitalization project that Clark, the Main South CDC
and the Boys & Girls Club are all committed to implementing.

She said while the city is responsible for the $5.8 million Section 108 loan,
Clark University will be purchasing the parcel from the city at fair market
value, with deed restrictions on the property that will include provisions for
access to its new athletic fields by the Boys & Girls Club and neighborhood
children.

She added that the total investment is estimated to be about $2.5 million,
including the purchase price of the parcel and the development of the athletic
facilities.

"The partnership that was formed to undertake this initiative is unique," Ms.
Jacobson said in an interview last week. "All of the partners have financial
stakes in this development. The Boys & Girls Club and Clark components, totaling
over $11.5 million, are complemented by significant investment by the Main South
CDC and the city.

"This project has been the linchpin of the revitalization efforts and has
dramatically changed the face of the neighborhood which has been a tremendous
benefit to the residents," she added. "We are turning around a blighted and
underutilized area. The future of the project and our community as a whole is
tied to our ability to partner in new and creative ways like this."

Mr. O'Brien, meanwhile, said he has been assured by Mr. McGovern that the
Gardner Kilby Hammond project remains a high priority on his legislative agenda
and the manager is hoping that

federal funding can once again be secured to pay the debt service on the loan.

For now, though, the city is going to have make those payments on its own.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: When is a loan not a loan? When you don't have to pay for it. That's
exactly the kind of arrangement the city of Worcester had between August 2004
and August 2008 regarding the $5.8 million Section 108 loan it received from the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for the Gardner Kilby Hammond
Revitalization Project in the Main South area. During that time, the city
actually never had to use a dime of its own money to make payments on the loan.
Instead, the federal government made the payments on the federal loan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            February 1, 2009 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Once free ride is now hitting city's coffers

BYLINE: Nick Kotsopoulos

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; POLITICS AND THE CITY; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1194 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


When is a loan not a loan?

When you don't have to pay for it.

That's exactly the kind of arrangement the city of Worcester had between August
2004 and August 2008 regarding the $5.8 million Section 108 loan it received
from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for the Gardner Kilby
Hammond Revitalization Project in the Main South area.

During that time, the city actually never had to use a dime of its own money to
make payments on the loan. Instead, the federal government made the payments on
the federal loan.

The Section 108 loan was obtained by the city to finance the acquisition,
demolition and preparation of a 7.5-acre parcel in Main South so it could be
redeveloped into recreational opportunities for Clark University and
neighborhood residents through the Gardner Kilby Hammond Neighborhood Initiative
- a $30 million public-private effort to revitalize a blighted 30-acre tract in
that area.

The recreational components of the redevelopment initiative include the new $7.5
million Boys & Girls Club, which opened in September 2006, and a $2.5 million
track and field complex that will be constructed by Clark University.

Previously, all other Section 108 loans obtained by the city were strictly used
to guarantee conventional bank loans that other entities had taken out for
development projects. That made the city the guarantor of those loans and, as a
result, it did not have to make any payments to the Department of Housing and
Urban Development on them.

The Section 108 loan obtained for the Gardner Kilby Hammond Neighborhood
Initiative was different, however. For the first time, the city is the actual
borrower and is responsible for making payments on it.

For the first few years, the semiannual payments on it were made from federal
earmarks that U.S. Rep. James P. McGovern, D-Worcester, and U.S. Sen. Edward M.
Kennedy, D-Massachusetts, had secured for the project. Thanks to their
legislative efforts, the city was able to obtain $1.1 million in federal money
to pay down the loan.

Not a bad deal, to say the least, and that was considered key in getting the
project off the ground.

Things changed last year, however, when the Bush administration pulled the plug
on the use of federal earmarks for local projects.

Faced with federal budget pressures caused by the war effort, a succession of
natural disasters, and national economic pressures caused by foreclosures and
Wall Street crises, federal outlays for projects such as the Gardner Kilby
Hammond initiative were not approved in the past two budget cycles.

That meant the city was actually going to have to start paying the debt service
on its loan. Can you imagine that?

Anticipating that the federal earmarks would some day disappear, Worcester City
Manager Michael V. O'Brien had the foresight to build up a funding source that
could be used to make future debt service payments on the loan. He did that by
setting aside unexpended balances from the federal Community Development Block
grant allocation.

That strategy paid dividends when the federal earmarks for the project did
indeed stop and the city had to make a $232,000 loan payment last August. Mr.
O'Brien and the City Council then had to go to that same well

and tap the unexpended block grant balances last month when it had to make a
$132,939 payment on the Section 108 loan.

But now there's a problem: With another $232,061 debt payment due in August,
city officials have warned that the funding source it used to make the last two
loan payments has also run dry.

The remaining principal balance on the loan is $4.7 million and debt service
payments will run through August 2024. The annual debt service payments will
average about $365,000 a year during the life of the loan, with balloon payments
due in 2018 ($1.87 million) and 2024 ($1.27 million).

"We will not have sufficient (Community Development Block Grant) unexpended
balances to make additional payments due in August and future years without
additional federal earmarks," Assistant City Manager Julie A. Jacobson recently
told the City Council. "If additional federal funding is not received, we will
recommend funding this debt service through our annual (block grant) entitlement
in the amount of $365,000 (annually)."

That prospect has rubbed some people the wrong way. They contend that such
action will have a significant impact on those agencies and services that
receive block grant funds from the city because they will have $365,000 less to
work with. And with the pot of block grant money shrinking year after year, the
loss of $365,000 would be significant.

Bill Randell, a local businessman who has closely followed the Gardner Kilby
Hammond project and written extensively about it on his blog, has questioned why
the city should be the sole party on the hook for the loan when Clark University
and the Main South Community Development Corp., the two partners with the city
on the project, are clearly going to benefit from it.

He believes those two parties should also have some responsibility for paying
off the Section 108 loan.

"The city of Worcester takes out a $5.8 million loan to develop this 7.5-acre
parcel, and does not require any one part benefiting to pay anything?" Mr.
Randell asked last week. "Now, the rest of us will be penalized since block
grant money that could be used for sidewalks and other community improvements
will go toward paying this loan."

Certainly a point worth noting.

But Ms. Jacobson said the city secured the Section 108 loan as part of a
comprehensive neighborhood revitalization project that Clark, the Main South CDC
and the Boys & Girls Club are all committed to implementing.

She said while the city is responsible for the $5.8 million Section 108 loan,
Clark University will be purchasing the parcel from the city at fair market
value, with deed restrictions on the property that will include provisions for
access to its new athletic fields by the Boys & Girls Club and neighborhood
children.

She added that the total investment is estimated to be about $2.5 million,
including the purchase price of the parcel and the development of the athletic
facilities.

"The partnership that was formed to undertake this initiative is unique," Ms.
Jacobson said in an interview last week. "All of the partners have financial
stakes in this development. The Boys & Girls Club and Clark components, totaling
over $11.5 million, are complemented by significant investment by the Main South
CDC and the city.

"This project has been the linchpin of the revitalization efforts and has
dramatically changed the face of the neighborhood which has been a tremendous
benefit to the residents," she added. "We are turning around a blighted and
underutilized area. The future of the project and our community as a whole is
tied to our ability to partner in new and creative ways like this."

Mr. O'Brien, meanwhile, said he has been assured by Mr. McGovern that the
Gardner Kilby Hammond project remains a high priority on his legislative agenda
and the manager is hoping that

federal funding can once again be secured to pay the debt service on the loan.

For now, though, the city is going to have make those payments on its own.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                           January 20, 2011 Thursday

Ambassador Commissions Electrification Project at Jeun

BYLINE: Abubakar Yakubu

LENGTH: 340  words


The Ambassador of Japan to Nigeria, Mr Toshitsugu Uesawa, yesterday commissioned
an electrification project embarked upon by his government at Jeun in Nasarawa
State and formally handed it over to the community leaders.

The community which is under Karu Local Government Area of the state, benefited
from a grant of $52,464 (United States dollars) under the 'Japanese Grant
Assistance for Grassroots Human Security Projects' (GGP) to electrify the area
with 11KV distribution line, 415 V distribution line and 11 KV/ 415 V
distribution transformer.

Ambassador Uesawa, who lamented that only 20 percent of people in rural areas in
Nigeria have electricity, commended the dedication shown by officials of Jeun
Survival Initiative and the people of Jeun village in ensuring the speedy
completion of the project.

He said through grassroots projects, the government of Japan has partnered with
a number of non-governmental organisations that are dedicated to community
development and empowerment of grassroots people, adding that there are over a
hundred of similar projects already completed and in use all over Nigeria.

"The government of Japan has committed approximately 6.1 million US dollars
under GGP from 1998 to date," he stated.

He called on people in Jeun village to make the best use of electricity provided
through the project in improving their lives, adding that the success of the
project rests on their shoulders.

Responding, the Hakimi of Kodakpe, Chief Sabo, thanked the Japanese government
for showing interest in the welfare of the people living in a small community
like Jeun.

Also speaking, Operations and Maintenance Manager of Karu Business Unit, Power
Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN), Engr Absomon Gbeneowei, assured the community
of PHCN's assistance in maintaining the transformer.

He advised the community leaders to make necessary security efforts to ensure
the safety of the project from vandals and commended the Japanese government for
showing interest in electrifying a community in Nigeria with a 500 KVA
transformer.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                       June 25, 2015 Thursday 3:00 PM GMT

Rural Northumberland gives £4 million to foresters, farmers, small businesses
and communities;
Applications for the LEADER Programme for rural Northumberland are open until
2019 and will support the county's economy

BYLINE: By Rachel Wearmouth

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Rural Northumberland has been given a £4m cash injection to boost the economy.

The Government funding pot, called the LEADER Programme money, will be handed
out via Local Action Group, (LAGs) according to six priorities.

These are to:   Support micro and small businesses and farm diversification
Boost rural tourism     Increase farm productivity     Increase forestry
productivity     Provide rural services     Provide cultural and heritage
activities

The grant will be open applications in the coming months and will stay open to
businesses until 2019.

The money will help small businesses, farmers, foresters and communities to
build projects that create jobs and grow the rural economy.

Councillor Allan Hepple, Northumberland County Council's cabinet member for
economic growth, said: "As the LEADER Programme continues to grow, develop, and
deliver regeneration projects and community development initiatives, it will
remain open and accessible to everyone.

"Growing the economy is this council's number one corporate priority and this is
another source of funding which will provide a great boost to our rural
communities.

"I'd urge anyone with ideas for developing their business, boosting rural
tourism, increasing the productivity of farms and forests, or improving rural
services to get in touch."

LEADER Programme Officer, Ivan Hewitt, said: "With the beginning of the new
programme we are looking to widen and develop the membership of our Local Action
Groups.

"We want to hear from local businesses, community organisations, parish and town
councils, development trusts, public sector agencies and local residents.

"By developing the LAGs in this way we intend to ensure there are a broad range
of interests local to Northumberland represented."

Around 70% of the funding is for job creation projects while 30% to indirectly
support jobs and growth.

Previous rounds of LEADER Funding have seen cash pumped into projects such as
Lindisfarne Charcoal and saved the village shop in Humshaugh and Wall from
closure.

Anyone interested in joining either of the Northumberland LEADER Local Action
Groups should email their name; organisation; contact address including
postcode; contact number and email address to:

Northumberland Coast & Lowlands - ivan.hewitt@northumberland.gov.uk or telephone
01670 623927.

Northumberland Uplands - gillian.cowell@northumberland.gov.uk or telephone 01670
623885.

Applications to join the Northumberland LEADER LAGs need to be received by
Friday July 31.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 2, 2004 Friday
                                 State Edition

Grand Isle seeking assistance for road;
$300,000 required to keep route open

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: GRAND ISLE


A 2.5-mile section of Morneault Road needs an estimated $300,000 in repairs, an
amount nearly equal to the town's annual municipal budget.

Noting that the amount is equal to about 30 mills of property taxes - as 1 mill
raises between $10,000 and $11,000 in taxes - the town finds itself unable to
make the necessary repairs.

A former state aid road, the town has been frustrated in its efforts to get
assistance from the state. If the town fails with its most recently initiated
efforts, the town could close the road to traffic next spring.

"We are frustrated, and all we are looking for is some fairness," Daniel Dionne,
first selectman of the town of some 500 residents, said Thursday. "This is very
political and no one at the Maine Department of Transportation wants to help.

"At a public hearing [in May], residents voted unanimously to allow us to close
the road," he said. "We don't want to close the road, but we need to apply some
pressure to get a dialogue with the state."

The town has tried seeking the assistance of Rep. William Smith, D-Van Buren. In
order to get state assistance, the road would have to be reclassified by the
DOT.

Before the early 1980s, the road was a state-aid collector road. Ownership was
transferred to the town when the state was in dire financial straits. The town
maintained the road during the winter, and the DOT did summer maintenance.

Since then, the town has received $16,000 a year from the state for that road
and two others in town. Patchwork on the road costs the town about $12,000 a
year.

The state maintains that traffic counts done on the road show there is limited
traffic on the road that leads from Route 1 in Grand Isle to Lavertu Road in
Madawaska.

The town also has attempted to get a Community Development Block Grant for
assistance, but the application was denied. The eight homes along the road are
not within the low- and moderate-income guidelines needed.

Dionne said efforts to get the road classified under the Rural Road Initiative,
which would have the town pay for one-third of road renovations, also failed.

"The DOT feels that our road is a local road and that it should stay as such,"
Dionne said. "We are not looking for exceptions; rather, we are looking for
fairness."

If this last effort doesn't work, Dionne said, the road may be closed or at
least stripped of hot top, and "if outsiders don't like our roads, let them use
other routes."

Dionne claims that most of the traffic on the road is by nonresidents of Grand
Isle. The road is used heavily, he believes, by people seeking a shortcut from
Route 1 to Long Lake and from St. Agatha, Frenchville and Madawaska as a
shortcut from Route 162 to points south of Grand Isle.

He said if all else fails, Grand Isle will give authorities 90 days notice, and
the road will be closed to through traffic.

According to a letter from Peter M. Coughlan, director of the DOT Community
Services Division, the road is a "town way, [and] the town is fully responsible
for the upkeep of the road."

He said the DOT could only spend money there if the road is reclassified as a
state aid, minor collector road or if Rural Road Initiative money was used for
capital improvements.

Grand Isle's last effort involves getting the town of Madawaska involved. He
hopes their efforts could move the state to do something.

"If not," he said, "the road could be closed next spring."

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 21, 1989, THURSDAY, THREE STAR Edition

FEDERAL HOUSING CUTS TOOK TOLL ON CITY

BYLINE: Anthony Williams

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1280 words


Readers of the Oct. 10 article, ''City Shifts Focus Of Home Aid,'' were left
with the impression that the city is turning its back on residents of public
housing, all for the benefit of the middle class.  In fact, the city is moving
aggressively on two fronts: seeking, with increasing success, to provide real
assi stance to the poor by creating jobs and insisting that the federal
government provide St. Louis with its fair share of funds for rehabilitation and
improvement of public housing.  It is no secret that over the past 10 years the
federal government has slashed housing funding to St. Louis. In 1980, the
Community Development Block Grant peaked at $35.2 million; it fell to $21
million in 1989. The Urban Development Administration awarded the city $5.5
million; it is now shifting its focus to rural areas. Finally, the Historic
Preservation Tax Credit, the single most prominent impetus behind our
neighborhood housing renaissance, has been gutted.  The decrease in block grants
has ushered in a reduction in support for programs designed to aid low- and
moderate-income renters and home buyers.  Programs such as the Housing
Implementation Program, the Rental Rehabilitation Loan Program, the Moderate
Rehabilitation Program and funding for rehabilitation loans to home buyers are
now severely strained.  Against this trend of decreased funding, another trend
appears. More and more federal funding is categorical; less and less is
discretionary. The bulk of the housing agenda of the Bush administration is
devoted to specific funding for low-income housing. Moreover, the bulk of
untapped federal resources available to the city is also restricted for this
purpose. Relatively little funding will be available in the latter category.
Under these conditions, it makes sense to devote restricted, categorical
programming to low-income housing and discretionary funding to a variety of
projects that include and go beyond such assistance.  We have an obligation to
obtain and maximize every single resource - local, state and federal - available
to us. Just as important, we must package these sources with a mix of uses that
provide both investment in our neighborhood and housing for all of our citizens.
To improve the condition and capacity of our public housing and its management,
the city has embarked on a top-priority inter-agency initiative - the Common
Agenda.  Under the supervision of Milt Svetanics, the mayor's chief of staff,
the city is coordinating the efforts of the Community Development Agency and the
Housing Authority to bring relief in a number of key areas.  The city is
mounting an initiative to obtain for the Housing Authority its fair share of
funding for the Comprehensive Improvement Assistance Program.  Presently, the
city receives only a fraction of the funds entitled to it.  Getting the $196
million in assistance that the city deserves would provide rehabilitation for
more than 7,300 public housing units.  In addition, the city is composing, with
the help of our congressional delegation, a legislative agenda: a menu of
statutory and regulatory actions that will enable the Housing Authority to
better meet its obligation to provide well-managed housing for qualified
applicants.  Of course, the best way to provide an escape from poverty is to
develop a strong and vibrant economy generating the quality and quantity of jobs
expected by St. Louis citizens. Cities are built on the most personal level of
investment, the investment of a home buyer.  Neighborhoods make cities, rather
than the other way around, and the home ownership investment we promote in our
neighborhoods leads to an increasing number of other investment decisions -
perhaps the decision of a business to stay in an attractive environment or the
announcement of a retail establishment to locate here.  Throughout the life span
of a home ownership project, the city is receiving a valuable return on its
investment. Through our emphasis on local housing corporations and resident
hiring, needed jobs and business experience are provided our citizens. Through
our marketing efforts, increased investment - commercial and residential - is
channeled into our communities. And with the location of a diverse group of
homeowners in our city, our revenue from sales, earnings and property taxes are
able to fuel the range of city services demanded by our consumers.  During a
period of retrenchment at the federal level and a subsequent reduction of local
tax revenue, we have been able to provide a majority of block grant funding - in
housing and human services - to people in genuine need. At the same time, we
have sought with encouraging results to strengthen our city's economic base.
Our housing program, balancing the use of federal categorical and discretionary
funds, allows St. Louis to meet its destiny, not as a dead-end way station for
the poor with little opportunity, but as a beacon of hope, opportunity and
upward mobility. Please expect no less from us.  Anthony Williams directs the
city's Community Development Agency.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Legislation: Bush Calls for 'Opportunity Zones' to Promote Growth in Distressed
Areas

                          September 8, 2004, Wednesday

By Susanna Duff Barnett



A new economic initiative proposed by President Bush last week would provide
low-income housing and other incentives to encourage business development in 40
designated distressed communities.

The so-called opportunity zone initiative - which would have to be enacted by
Congress - would specifically target areas that have lost a significant portion
of their economic base due to fewer manufacturing and textile jobs. Bush first
mentioned the proposal in his acceptance speech for the presidential nomination
at the Republican Convention in New York City last Thursday.

"In these areas, we will provide tax relief and other incentives to attract new
business, and improve housing and job training to bring hope and work throughout
all of America," Bush said.

Under the plan, 28 urban zones and 12 rural zones would be chosen through a
competitive process.

The opportunity zones would be different than existing empowerment zones,
enterprise communities, and renewal communities. However, communities with these
designations could compete to be an opportunity zone, according to a White House
release that detailed the initiative.

The opportunity zones would be able to move to the front line for certain
federal assistance programs and could received priority designation for
community development block grants, economic development administration grants,
HOME funding, new market tax credits, and broadband loans.

To be chosen, a community would have to show its commitment to enter a
partnership with the federal government and demonstrate a capacity to reduce

local barriers to development and create jobs. Areas that might qualify include
Winnebago County, Ill., Cuyahoga County, Ohio, and Erie County, Pa., according
to the White House release.

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 314 words

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, President Bush

                      Copyright 2004 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 21, 2011 Monday

Entrepreneur fund lays off seven in Northeastern Minnesota

BYLINE: Lisa Baumann, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 386 words


Feb. 21--Anticipating the loss of federal and grant funding, nearly half of the
full-time employees at the Northeast Entrepreneur Fund were laid off last week.

The Entrepreneur Fund and its Greenstone Group initiative has helped start,
stabilize or expand more than 1,200 businesses in Northeastern Minnesota and
Northwestern Wisconsin since 1989, according to President Mary Matthews.

"This has been an incredibly hard week," Matthews said on Friday. "The people
that are leaving are very competent people."

Matthews said seven of 15 full-time employees have been let go and the decisions
were made after about a month of strategic planning.

"We've anticipated there would be some changes in 2012 in the current economic
and political environment and we determined that it was time now to make some
changes to ensure that we would be sustainable for a long period of time," she
said.

Matthews said the layoffs were made largely due to budget cuts proposed in
Washington. The Entrepreneur Fund stands to lose some 30 percent of its federal
dollars, the majority of which comes from the U.S. Small Business
Administration. It also receives Community Development Block Grants and
periodically receives funding from USDA Rural Development. All are slated for
possible cuts this year, Matthews said.

With the loss of seven employees will come the loss of services, mainly in
specialized programs.

"For example, we've always provided special programming around artists and (now)
if an artist wants to create an art business, we will encourage them into our
regular classes," she said.

They also plan to keep a strong focus on helping entrepreneurs with start-up and
growth as well as lending to all manner of businesses.

Matthews is optimistic that the changes will put the fund in a position of
strength as funding remains uncertain.

"We know the more focused we are the more likely we are to generate impact in
the region, and, at the end of the day, that's our job," she said.

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110221-DU-Entrepreneur-fund-lays-off-seven-in-Northeastern-Minnesota-0221-2011
0221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2011 Duluth News-Tribune


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

             MONROE-UNION COUNTY COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION

                            349 East Franklin Street
                               Monroe,  NC 28112
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (704) 283-8804
FAX: (704) 292-1037
URL: www.muccdc.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Monroe-Union County Community Development Corporation (MUCCDC) is a
non-profit agency. It was founded in 1989 to help all Union County residents
gain access to affordable housing, decent jobs, and to develop a sense of
security. MUCCDC offers opportunities for low-income families to fulfill their
dreams of home ownership and economic self-sufficiency.  MUCCDC believes it
takes a holistic approach to community development. Therefore, MUCCDC has been
greatly assisted by grants from the City of Monroe, The North Carolina Housing
Finance Agency, The North Carolina Rural & Economic Development Center, Z. Smith
Reynolds Foundation, The North Carolina Community Development Initiative, The
Affordable Housing Group. United Way, Sisters of Mercy, First Union National
Bank, US Department of Housing & Urban Development, North Carolina department of
Labor, North Carolina Department of Commerce, and First Citizens Bank.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Longford Leader

                                  July 3, 2009

Huge interest in local rural development

BYLINE: Liam Cosgrove

LENGTH: 414 words



HIGHLIGHT: Longford's local economy could be in line for a major jobs and
tourism boost after it emerged over 100 expressions of interest were lodged with
one of the county's leading community based organisations.


Since February, 103 expression of interest forms arrived into the offices of
Longford Community Resources Ltd (LCRL) as part of a EUR425 million Rural
Development Programme.

Just over half of those submitted have demonstrated proof of their ability to
complete various projects by the end of the year worth an estimated EUR6.4
million to the local economy.

Over EUR4 million will come from the various applicants themselves with the
remaining EUR2.4 million coming by way of grant aid should all 55 projects
concerned get the official go-ahead.

A total of 11 schemes covering the likes of village and town enhancements,
environmental awareness training and other community development initiatives
have received approval and entered into contracts with LCRL.

Jointly funded by the Department of Community, Rural and Gaelteacht affairs and
the European Union, LCRL secured p8.7 million following the submission of a
strategic plan last July.

One of the key objectives of the organisation is to address rising poverty
levels and to stem the flow of mounting unemployment levels through programmes
like the 2007-2013 model.

In a statement released on behalf of LCRL, the local development body described
what it termed as a "huge response" from interested parties despite the
deepening recession.

"Due to the huge level of interest and the public response to the announcement
of the Rural Development Programme funding and to the information sessions
conducted by Longford Community Resources Ltd throughout the county it was
agreed to issue a call for Expression of Interest in February 2009.

"...there was a huge response to the call with Longford Community Resources Ltd.
receiving 103 Expression of Interest forms, of which 55 showed evidence of their
initial capacity and resources to complete their project in 2009. The estimated
total investment by these 55 projects was in excess of EUR4m with grant aid
being sought of approximately EUR2.4m," the statement outlined.

Figures connected to the board of LCRL also suggested "high levels of interest"
still exist in relation to rural development funding.

"Longford Community Resources Ltd. has no evidence or do not believe that the
budget under the Rural Development Programme to 2013 will be reduced due to
governmental cutbacks as this is a vital programme which aims to respond to
identified local development issues and barriers that impact on rural
development and social inclusion rural development in Co Longford," the
statement added.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LONG


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 13, 1995

Indian Housing Authority Has Mortgage Unit

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: SHELTON, Wash.


An Indian housing authority for six small tribes in rural Washington has formed
a subsidiary mortgage company to help homebuyers access private mortgage
dollars.

Craig Dougall, executive director, Southern Puget Sound Inter-Tribal Housing
Authority, describes the significant shortage of affordable housing available to
people on the Housing Authority's waiting list and the difficulty they
experience in finding other affordable housing, as two factors influencing the
Southern Puget Sound to form a mortgage company subsidiary.

Called Sound Development Association, the mortgage company was initially
capitalized through the issuance of a privately placed mortgage revenue bond.
The funds generated through this bond will fund the mortgages, while one-time
grants will be used as credit enhancement or mortgage subsidies from Department
of Housing and Urban Development funds.

According to Mr. Dougall, "the Housing Authority has applied to Fannie Mae to
become a seller/servicer of mortgage loans originated through Indian Housing
Authorities.  Establishment of this relationship with Fannie Mae is unique to
Indian Housing Authorities, IHAs direct access to the secondary market."

Access to the secondary financial market will allow Southern Puget Sound Housing
Authority to act as a conduit through which funds can flow from the private
sector onto the reservations.

According to Mr. Dougall, "although this Housing Authority will initially be the
point of contact for this financing, it is a anticipated that each IHA will be
able to originate loan applications.  In this manner, each Tribe will have
access to private mortgage capital and each IHA will create affordability
strategies for homeownership for Tribal members."

The mortgage mechanism created by the program at Southern Puget Sound is
expected to provide mortgage opportunities to other tribes and housing
authorities across the country.

Ken Goosens mentioned the Southern Puget Sound program as one of the Fannie Mae
initiatives he is working on that are designed to help the mortgage industry
better serve the housing needs of Native Americans.

Fannie Mae expects to introduce its new Native American Housing Initiatives to
the nation this month, he said.

Kathleen Britton is a director for the Southern Puget Sound Inter-Tribal Housing
Authority.

She expects the HUD 184 Loan Guaranty Program for Indian Housing and Community
Development to be a big player in the SPSITHA-Sound Development-Fannie Mae
pipeline.

In response to the growing list of Native Americans awaiting affordable housing
on the reservation, Ms. Britton says the Housing Authority has been developing
innovative shelter solutions for some time.

One solution is mutual self-help housing built with manufactured materials.
SPSITHA contracted with Insulspan, a local manufacturer of panel homes, for
factory-built panels of particle boards with Styrofoam core panels that form the
walls and roofs of site-assembled homes.

Ms. Britton says the construction materials are adaptable to almost any
architectural design of one or multiple stories.  Affordable, sturdy and
well-insulated (eight-inch-thick exterior walls), the materials are easily
assembled by construction crews made up of community workers with mixed levels
of skills and experience.

So far, she says, four independent construction companies have grown out of the
on-site housing construction experience.  They, inturn, have hired other workers
from the Indian community.

In fact, housing construction work has provided much needed income in a rural
economy that has been devastated by timber and fishing industry cutbacks, she
said.  The construction jobs also broaden the income mix of the reservation,
which is important to the healthy growth of reservation communities, she said.

South Puget Sound also has taken a lead in off-reservation housing because
reservation housing does not allow for true equity.  Fully one-third of the
families living on the reservation could afford off-reservation housing, she
said, if they were given some assistance with down payments or closing costs.

"Through work with Fannie Mae'" she said, "we saw a way Tribal Housing
Authorities could be used to serve an underserved community."

Indian Housing Authorities are recognized by both the tribes and the banking
community.  By capacity-building those entities, she said, it was realized that
"Housing Authorities could act as conduits for getting more housing money into
Indian Country."

Southern Puget Sound has applied for a grant through the Fannie Mae Foundation
that would pay for capacity building of the Housing Authority and Sound
Development Association.

LOAD-DATE: March 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Extreme Build

BYLINE: Janie Slaven, McCreary County Record, Whitley City, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


June 13--REVELO --  Volunteers with the Kentucky Baptist Fellowship have
returned to McCreary County this week to build the eighth home for the Extreme
Build initiative.

The event officially got underway Thursday with the installation of a
prefabricated kitchen-bath module (or CORE) designed by the Kentucky Highlands
Community Development Corporation to help eliminate substandard kitchen and bath
facilities in rural areas.

By Saturday the crew had constructed a sturdy frame for the home, which will go
to Malachi and Shawna Barnett.

The Barnetts represent the youngest family KBF has partnered with in McCreary
County. High school sweethearts, the couple married at 17 and 16 respectively.
Soon they became parents to son Easton, and Shawna enrolled in the University of
the Cumberlands' nursing program. She was commuting to Williamsburg up to four
days a week, often with little sleep juggling motherhood and her studies.

On the morning of September 14, 2011, Shawna was driving to class when she fell
asleep at the wheel and cross the center line of East KY 92 -- colliding
virtually head on with a commercial refrigeration truck.

Shawna, then 18, was airlifted to Knoxville with multiple broken bones and head
trauma. She spent more than two weeks in the hospital before she was transferred
to a rehab care facility. She has spent most of the past year and a half
recovering from her injuries -- requiring a bone marrow transplant from her own
hip to stimulate regrowth in her broken leg.

The couple currently work and attend Somerset Community College's McCreary
Campus, where Shawna plans to pursue a career in pediatric nursing.

The Barnetts are assisting in the build, which continues through Saturday's
dedication ceremony, as much as they can. The crew is once again led by KBF's
Steve Holm.

Extreme Build was begun in 2006 as part of the rural poverty initiative known as
Mountain Hope, which is directed by KBF's Joshua Speight. In addition to
Kentucky, more than 125 volunteers have come from Alabama, Florida, Georgia,
Indiana, Tennessee and Texas over the last seven summers.

The program represents a 10-year commitment from a partnership including
McCreary County Community Housing Development Corporation, Kentucky Highlands
Investment Corporation, Federation of Applachian Housing Enterprises, USDA Rural
Development, Together for Hope, Cooperative Baptist Fellowship and Kentucky
Baptist Fellowship.

House recipients are required to attend home ownership classes as well as
correct any past credit issues. Funding for each home is comprised of USDA
loans, grants, donated funds, donated labor and gifts in kind. The recipient
receives an affordable-rate mortgage, and while not required to make a down
payment, must buy a prepaid homeowner's policy before the build begins.

Extreme Builds are scheduled in June as part of National Homeownership Month.
For information on the project, visit

www.kybf.org.

___ (c)2013 the McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Ky.) Visit the McCreary
County Record (Whitley City, Ky.) at mccrearyrecord.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130613-RK-Extreme-Build-0613-20130613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RK


                     Copyright 2013 McCreary County Record


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Inner-West Weekly (Australia)

                           December 14, 2006 Thursday

BRIEFLY

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 179  words


Project boostTHE latest round of Community Development Grants saw Co.As.It in
Leichhardt receive $3000 for the Wellbeing For Older Italians project.
Strathfield State Labor MP Angela D'Amore said the funding supported grass-roots
community initiatives.

Scouts donationBAY Sports vice president Greg Long has made a donation to the
2nd Abbotsford Port Neptune Sea Scouts of $4689. The donation will go towards
the $150,000 needed for a new boathouse and hall at Abbottsford.

Help our firiesIN bushfire season the SES helps the Rural Fire Service by
providing logistics support to the fire fighting teams and other assistance. If
you are interested in learning new skills, being a part of the community and
taking part in joint exercises with the Rural Fire Service, call 9745 1386.

Jamie's triumphJAMIE Sherson, 17, from Concord and a prefect at Homebush Boys
High won a silver medal at the 2006 Australian All-school championships in the
2000 metre steeple chase on December 9. Jamie also won gold at the NSW Cross
Country Championships this year and came 17th in the nationals.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IWW


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Clinton Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Community Housing Initiatives aims to rehabilitate former Clinton school

BYLINE: Samantha Pidde, Clinton Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words


Sept. 26--CLINTON -- Multiple low-income apartments may be created at the former
Clinton School District administration building through an organization formed
20 years ago to address affordable rental housing needs in rural Northwest Iowa.

Community Housing Initiatives Vice President Sam Erickson said in an e-mail that
the organization has been looking at the Roosevelt building, 600 S. Fourth St.,
since 2008.

"Unfortunately, due to the economic downturn, resources were not available at
that time. We have kept the building on a project 'wish list' for years until
the appropriate funding opportunity became available," Erickson said.

In late July, CHI agreed to purchase the vacant facility from the district at a
cost of $5,000. The organization hopes to preserve the building's historic
exterior and create a total of 16 units.

Originally called the Clinton High School and Public Library, the building was
completed in 1889 and is now listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The building has sat empty for two years. After touring the building several
times, Erickson said the project will require a lot of work. She added that the
school building is smaller than some of the other CHI buildings in Clinton.

"It will need significant restoration on the exterior, window repair and
replacement, and full adaptive reuse in conjunction with historic preservation
practices on the interior," Erickson said.

CHI has been a presence in Clinton for more than 10 years, with four other
properties in the area. The organization finished projects at the Van Allen
Apartments in 2003, the Clinton Block Apartments in 2005 and the Armstrong
Apartments in 2006. Last year, West Heights Townhouses opened at 1155 14th Ave.
North. The complex contains 30 units, which are all full. A new playground
recently was added.

"We have chosen to locate multiple properties in this community because there is
a strong housing market, beautiful historic buildings that are conducive to
conversion to housing, and community leaders who are very proactive and work
with us to make deals happen," Erickson said.

The city of Clinton has committed as much as $150,000 to support the project.
Erickson said the CHI loves working in Clinton due to the support the
organization receives from the city, Chamber of Commerce, school district and
economic development group.

The rest of the $4.2 million project will hopefully be provided through a $3
million Community Development Block Grant. CHI applied for the grant before its
Sept. 2 deadline. Funding decisions will be announced in January and CHI's
construction timeline is contingent on the decision. However, construction is
anticipated in 2015.

Erickson is confident that CHI "submitted the best application possible" and is
eager to learn if it has received funding.

"If we do not receive the CDBG funding, we unfortunately will not be able to
proceed," Erickson said.

Samantha Pidde can be contacted at samanthapidde@clintonherald.com

___ (c)2014 the Clinton Herald (Clinton, Iowa) Visit the Clinton Herald
(Clinton, Iowa) at clintonherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140926-XI-Community-Housing-Initiatives
-aims-to-rehabilitate-former-Clinton-school-0926-20140926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XI


                         Copyright 2014 Clinton Herald


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Time

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

TATYOON - Ararat Rural City Council has heaped praise

SECTION: DISPLAY; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 675 words


TATYOON - Ararat Rural City Council has heaped praise on the Tatyoon community
as it pushes ahead with its Community Action Plan.

Director for council services, Neil Manning said the Community Action Plan is an
initiative to assist communities to develop and prosper - provide community
development support and partnership projects.

"We congratulate the community of Tatyoon in achieving these results for their
community," he said.

The Tatyoon CAP was finalised in January 2014. The plan identified community
priorities and projects for their future development.

The activities that Tatyoon has listed in its 2013 - 2017 plan include
establishing a new tennis/netball club room, new netball coaches boxes court
side, upgrade and maintain hall facilities, establish shelter plantations, a
safe parking strategy and upgrade and maintain oval drainage and playing
surface.

Cr Gwenda Allgood said the community appeared to be progressing ahead of
schedule, with some of the projects outlined in the plan already achieved or
partially achieved.

"It is very pleasing to see some of these items have already been ticked off by
the community," she said.

"I know that by the appearance of the state of the ground they looked to have
already done what they had planned for 2016.

"It is really good to know that while some of their action plans have a received
a little bit of funding others haven't but they've actually got on and done the
job and I give them great credit for what they've actually done."

Mr Manning said Community Action Plans provide an opportunity for a community to
prioritise projects and activities that they wish to achieve within their own
communities.

"This process enables communities to have ownership of their environment and
enhance community capacity building in achieving these goals," he said.

The Tatyoon community decided they did not want to have formal facilitation in
developing the plan, instead, they engaged through a community survey and via
the Tatyoon Recreation Reserve Committee of Management which incorporates a
number of community clubs within the Tatyoon area.

Mr Manning said the committee specifically elected to write the plan themselves
in their own words, although in developing the actions they elected to use the
template provided by council.

He said council officers assisted in the development of the plan through the
provision of administrative support including mail-out and collation of the
survey, design of a new front cover for the plan and printing and distribution
to the community.

"This plan belongs to the community of Tatyoon," Mr Manning said.

"They have identified their priorities and have taken responsibility for these
priorities.

"Council officers have met internally across Council directorates to discuss
items on the action plan and determine appropriate and available support for the
Tatyoon CAP."

Mr Manning said assistance required to see the CAP come to fruition will
include: Grant application support via community development, planning support
through the projects and sport and recreation area as well as the parks and
gardens area of the infrastructure department.

"The community development and client services department will encourage and
facilitate as appropriate the review of this plan on an annual basis and assist
in sourcing financial assistance to undertake these activities in compliance
with any Council requirements or other relevant legislative requirements under
the Local Government Act 1989," he said.

The previous Tatyoon Community Action Plan 2006 - 2009 prioritised projects
which have all been completed.

The projects included the hall upgrade, kitchen reproof and painting, playground
removal of old equipment and installation of new playground equipment,
streetscaping the avenue of honour volunteer maintenance, new entrance to the
cemetery, and netball club upgrade $100,000 for netball court upgrade.

Funding for the projects was gained through their local Recreation Reserve
Committee of Management with some funding assistance provided by Ararat Rural
City Council.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 23, 2013 Sunday

Market study to explore future for downtown Burlington

BYLINE: The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


June 23--What does the future hold for downtown Burlington?

Community residents and business people will have a chance to chime in as part
of a comprehensive market study project. Steve Frevert, executive director of
Downtown Partners Inc., said a special project team is initiating work on the
study to fine-tune and enhance downtown business development and marketing
strategies. The study includes an in-depth analysis of responses collected from
local business and consumer surveys this month and next.

Three different confidential surveys will be conducted. Volunteers started
visiting the 189 businesses and employers downtown last week to get their input.
Employers are asked to fill out a 20-question survey, and their responses will
remain anonymous. The questions range from personal aspects of the business to
what should be some of the priorities of downtown.

In addition, the volunteers will be conducting consumer intercept surveys on the
street over the next several weeks. Shoppers and visitors downtown will be asked
to answer 16 questions, which willl include queries on favorite stores, plus
general demographic information.

Finally, all area residents are invited to fill out an online survey at
www.surveymonkey.com/s/Consumer_Online_Burlington. The online survey will remain
open through July 12.

Project team members also are reviewing current demographic and economic data to
assess conditions and to identify possible opportunities for business retention,
expansion and recruitment.

"We're excited to gather the perspectives and ideas of area residents, visitors
and business persons," Frevert said. "As a result, we'll gain a better sense of
what downtown Burlington can be in the future, and how we can focus our efforts
to make positive things happen here. We are seeing a greater level of investment
in downtown right now than at any time in the past quarter century, including
large increases in the number of downtown residences. The market analysis
project will help us be proactive as we experience this growth."

The statistical information and results of the confidential surveys will be used
to create strategies aimed at retaining and developing a quality mix of
businesses and uses that, based on solid market data, show the best potential to
succeed in downtown. Burlington is one of six communities receiving technical
assistance and support from Main Street Iowa in 2013 to complete the local
market study with USDA Rural Community Development Initiative and Community
Development Block Grant funding.

For more information about the study and opportunities to participate, contact
Frevert at (319) 752-6365.

___ (c)2013 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130623-QW-Market-study-to-explore-future-for-downtown-Burlington-0623-20130623

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2013 The Hawk Eye


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: North Carolina Ribbon of Hope Mini-Grants Program

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  North Carolina GlaxoSmithKline Foundation
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2014
Contact

Carrie Germeroth
Phone: 303.632.5578
Email: RibbonOfHope@mcrel.org
Purpose

These grants will support activities that establish or expand local programs in
health, science, and education to serve identified needs of local communities.
In addition, grantees will benefit from technical assistance provided by the
North Carolina Center for Nonprofits.

Grants are intended to offer organizations a one-time opportunity to expand or
enhance existing programming or provide seed funds for a new initiative.
Eligibility

North Carolina community-based nonprofit organizations may apply. Informal
groups without 501(c)(3) status may partner with a sponsor organization or group
of organizations who may apply on behalf of the group. Proposals that include
several community-based organizations forming a collaborative partnership
interested in and supportive of the proposed work are encouraged to apply.

Organizations currently receiving funding from the North Carolina
GlaxoSmithKline Foundation (traditional or Ribbon of Hope grant programs) are
not eligible for additional funding.
Geographic
coverage  North Carolina
Amount of
funding

$25,000
Application
process

Deadlines are April 1 and October 1 of each year by 11:59 p.m. ET. Applications
are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Children, Community development, Health care quality, People with
disabilities, Schools, Wellness, North Carolina

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Utah: North Carolina Ribbon of Hope Mini-Grants Program

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  North Carolina GlaxoSmithKline Foundation
Deadlines  Apr 1, 2014
Contact

Carrie Germeroth
Phone: 303.632.5578
Email: RibbonOfHope@mcrel.org
Purpose

These grants will support activities that establish or expand local programs in
health, science, and education to serve identified needs of local communities.
In addition, grantees will benefit from technical assistance provided by the
North Carolina Center for Nonprofits.

Grants are intended to offer organizations a one-time opportunity to expand or
enhance existing programming or provide seed funds for a new initiative.
Eligibility

North Carolina community-based nonprofit organizations may apply. Informal
groups without 501(c)(3) status may partner with a sponsor organization or group
of organizations who may apply on behalf of the group. Proposals that include
several community-based organizations forming a collaborative partnership
interested in and supportive of the proposed work are encouraged to apply.

Organizations currently receiving funding from the North Carolina
GlaxoSmithKline Foundation (traditional or Ribbon of Hope grant programs) are
not eligible for additional funding.
Geographic
coverage  North Carolina
Amount of
funding

$25,000
Application
process

Deadlines are April 1 and October 1 of each year by 11:59 p.m. ET. Applications
are available on the program website.
Tagged as  Children, Community development, Health care quality, People with
disabilities, Schools, Wellness, North Carolina

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lincolnshire Echo

                           October 27, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Fund will help groups assist their communities

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 388 words


An £80 million fund is to provide small grants to community groups and local
social action projects.

The Community First fund has been officially opened by Civil Society Minister
Nick Hurd.

It is billed as a flagship Big Society initiative encouraging people to help
each other out and giving them the tools they need to make a difference.

"People are frustrated about not being able to make a difference in the
communities in which they live," said Mr Hurd.

"This was especially true in areas of high deprivation that had been failed time
and again."

The Community First fund would allow local people to work together, take control
of their lives and create the change they want to see.

"We're giving power back to people and supporting them to make their communities
better places to live," said Mr Hurd.

"This is part of a much wider drive to help revive social action and build a
bigger, stronger society."

The fund is divided into two strands, with £30 million earmarked for small
grants.

The remaining £50 million will match private donations invested in community
endowment funds. These will pay out small grants into the future.

Funding will be handed out by panels of local people so communities are able to
decide what's important to them.

The fund will be run by the Community Development Foundation (CDF).

"With more than 40 years of experience in supporting communities, we know that
funds invested at a local level can have a real impact," said CDF chief
executive Alison Seabrooke.

"Encouraging people to match funds would help inspire community action that made
local improvements to neighbourhoods."

The launch of the fund came in the same week that the first of 5,000 people to
be trained as Community Organisers took up post.

Based in local community groups, the organisers are learning skills needed to
bring people together to act on the issues that matter to them.

The Government says the organisers will play an important role organising
communities to take advantage of Community First funding. A total of 5,000
Community Organisers will be trained from now until 2015.

For more details on the above visit www.rsnonline.org.uk. The Rural Services
Network is devoted to safeguarding and improving services in rural communities
across England. It is the only national network specifically focusing on this
aspect of rural life

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Help to communities: The new fund was opened by Civil Society Minister
Nick Hurd

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LIE


                        Copyright 2011 Lincolnshire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Taranaki Daily News (New Zealand)

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

Family abuse shame;
Our biggest single problem - police

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 519 words


LAIRD

Family violence is now the single biggest problem Taranaki police have to deal
with, a high-ranking officer says.

A day after New Plymouth police revealed it dealt with 120 incidents of domestic
violence a month, Taranaki rural area police commander Inspector Frank Grant
said Central and South Taranaki were recording a similar rate.

Since July there had been 200 domestic incidents in the rural region.

Police said only 18 per cent of incidents were reported and the number of
incidents on record was only the tip of the iceberg.

Mr Grant made his comments as the nation recognised White Ribbon Day, a day
devoted to publicising the anti-domestic violence message.

Drawing attention to the issue in Hawera, a giant white ribbon was draped around
the town's water tower.

"Maori are over represented in the stats we have," Mr Grant said. "However, the
interesting fact is, through conversations with other agencies, there are a
large proportion of caucasians involved in domestic violence who don't report
incidents to police."

The issue was in an endless loop, with children witnessing violence in the home
creating fresh problems. "The reality is that those children become offenders
themselves. You would probably find that our offenders, right across the board,
had experienced family violence at some point in their lives," he said.

He said several initiatives had been tried and some had succeeded but it was the
community taking ownership of the problem that was most important.

However, the gradual upward trend of reported domestic violence incidents since
2007 was due to increased awareness of the issue, he said.

South Taranaki District Council community development adviser Richard Oliver
said Christmas could often be a stressful time of year and families needed to
look after each other.

Brian Gardner, from the National Network of Stopping Violence Services, said New
Zealand was "a domestic violence capital of the world".

"Already this year, 20 women have been murdered in domestic violence incidents.
Police attend a family violence incident every 7 1/2 minutes. "On average, 14
women, 10 children and six men are killed by a family member [each year]. Half
of all murders in New Zealand are family violence."

New Plymouth MP Jonathan Young said White Ribbon Day was a chance for men to
stand up against violence towards women. "It's a chance to be part of the
solution," he said. "By wearing a white ribbon I am saying that I will not
tolerate, condone or remain silent about violence against women."

On Sunday, the Taranaki Safe Families is hosting Family Challenge Day at Yarrow
Stadium from 1pm to 4pm to celebrate the positive side of family life.

z Safe Families Trust co-ordinator Marion James said an article in yesterday's
Taranaki Daily News implied the white ribbons were being sold. She said the
ribbons were never sold but were given away.

---------------

CAPTION:

Show of unity: A white ribbon around the Hawera water tower drew attention to
the anti- violence message yesterday. It was put up by the Taranaki Safe
Families Trust and the South Taranaki District Council.

Picture: JONATHAN CAMERON

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            February 11, 2011 Friday

Rays of Hope From NYSC [analysis]

LENGTH: 507  words


FOR a country that wastes its resources on avoidable confusion, the strides some
members of the National Youth Service Corps make in their assignments spread
rays of hope about a future where younger people can assume responsibilities to
ensure a better Nigeria.

Stephen Jideani, an NYSC member in Delta State, pooled resources for
scholarships and educational materials for orphans and indigent students from
three communities where he is serving. By his last count, 50 students benefitted
from the scheme he funds from his allowance and donations. The communities are
Ogwuashi Ukwu, Issele Azagba and Asaba.

"I had the courage to trek down to the rural communities in search of the
students who are orphans. I want my fellow corps members, particularly those
coming after us, to pick up such courage when they are serving. They should go
down to the down trodden in the society," said Jideani.

Among things taken for granted in this society are poverty levels and the impact
poverty has on literacy. Poor are so poor that they cannot buy exercise books or
school uniforms for their children. It does not matter that the total cost of
the items may not exceed N1, 000 - the truth remains that they do not have the
money.

In such settings, little financial investments in the future of the people make
deep impacts. While government interventions require billions of Naira, with
thousands of Naira, some of these problems can be solved.

There are countless examples of how the selflessness of corps members has been
influencing their communities. People remember the things that are done outside
the call of duty. Examples from corps members prove that a lot can be done to
change the society through individual commitment, not minding how small it
seems.

Corps members, in some places, have started educational programmes in their
communities. Two years ago, some corps members used their resources to build a
library, equipped with computers, for a village outside Abuja. Others have been
known to embark on water projects, renovation of schools and improving the
sanitary conditions of their localities.

Prisoners in Jos still remember a corps member who started adult education
sessions for them. He left two years ago. After his departure, the programme
died, and with it, the hopes of some of the prisoners who were already
anticipating certification of their literacy.

A lot can be made out of the NYSC programme. Those who call for its scrapping,
rating it irrelevant, do not know the effect of the services of these young
Nigerians on society. More efforts, however, are required in improving the
programme and enlisting the commitment of those involved in it.

Community development was meant to be the fulcrum of the NYSC programme. It
should be revived. Rural Nigeria will benefit immensely from NYSC programmes
that channel the energies of corps members to worthy rural development
initiatives.

The NYSC should invent ways of harnessing the initiative of these youth and can
engage them to sustain these projects beyond their service years.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 August 6, 2013

Artists get real about value

BYLINE: Matthew Krouse

SECTION: ARTS AND CULTURE

LENGTH: 1811 words



HIGHLIGHT: Arts and Culture Trust conference contributor Bev Gillespie explains
that it is artists themselves who will decide how much creativity is worth.


An upcoming conference will explore the role that artists can play in developing
the economy. Conference co-ordinator Bev Gillespie tells Matthew Krouse that it
is artists themselves who will decide what an artist is, and how much creativity
is worth.

This week's high profile conference taking place at the University of
Johannesburg is titled "Creative Currencies: Accessing Opportunities in an
Expanding Marketplace". Organised under the auspices of the Arts and Culture
Trust (ACT), in partnership with the university, it is the second annual
gathering to focus on commercial and trade aspects of cultural and artistic
endeavour in South Africa and further afield.

This year's conference has attracted participation and support from a number of
influential players in the arts and culture space, including the European Union
(EU), British Council, the European Union National Institutes for Culture
(EUNIC) network, Arterial Network South Africa and the Visual Arts Network of
South Africa (Vansa).

Conference co-ordinator Bev Gillespie is originally from Gauteng but now lives
and spends most of her time in Cape Town and the Karoo. She says she
"periodically visits Gauteng for an injection of Highveld adrenaline".

Gillespie has worked mainly with non profits as varied as the Camphill Centre
for People in Need of Special Care to the Community Development Resource
Association and funding organisations (Breadline Africa and the Multi Agency
Grants Initiative) where she motivated for the recognition and support of arts,
culture and craft initiatives.

In 2008, Gillespie was the South African organiser for collaboration between
local and Belgian artists linking her passion for the social and artistic
sectors. The initiative raised close to R1-million for orphans and vulnerable
children in Southern Africa.

How did you get involved with the work of ACT?
 I'm an independent consultant so my association with the Arts and Culture Trust
goes back to doing evaluations and planning for them. So it's kind of been a
long association.

I am not an artist I'm an administrator. I'm an organisation development
consultant, that's really where I'm coming from.

I've worked most of my life in the non-profit sector including for donors. So
that's where the Arts and Culture Trust comes in - under my non-profit
organisation umbrella. I did a general humanities degree and then worked in the
NGO world and worked with donors who were interested in arts and culture.

I have worked with various organisations such as the Energy and Development
Research Centre, the Community Development Resource Association, Breadline
Africa, the Multi Agency Grants Initiative.

I did an evaluation for the University of Johannesburg Arts and Culture and most
of my work has come from Johannesburg.

I'd be interested in how the arts sector squares up as a sector with development
potential. Is it a pipe dream or is it a reality?
 I think the things that we are really happy about is that someone form the
National Development Planning Group is coming on the first day. Many of us see
arts and culture as vital in youth development for a number of reasons.

It is one of those areas they can get into at a young age; if they are not
academic, they don't have to force themselves to do academics and go to
university. They can rather go through the stream of arts, culture, craft and
heritage.

At one stage, when I worked at Breadline, we engaged with arts and Culture Trust
to provide foregrounds to small groups of youth who were in the arts field and
it had to be linked with mentorship.

So they would produce something, they would go to a festival like the National
Arts Festival, there would be feedback for them, they would meet with directors
and they'd get a little bit of money from the takings and it was an experience.
For me, it is one of the areas that we need to put money and interest into. So
that's why I'm quite passionate about the arts.

Let me just get your broad definition of what the arts is as a consultant.
Because I know that there are various discussions happening at the moment about
what the parameters of that are. And while there have been some complaints that
the craft sector is included in arts, an enormous emphasis is placed on craft
production while it "underprivileges", if one wants to use a cheeky word, the
arts sector per se in favour of a sector that makes traditional artifacts that
can be used as a commercialised commodity.

Everything is very fluid in many respects. One of the things we are doing in the
third and second day is looking at where people [can be] encouraged to be
entrepreneurs. So one could look at a range, of how you get into arts and how
you fund it. And some of it is done on a voluntary basis and some of it is done
with grants from the National Arts Council. But we want to focus very much on
other kinds of entrepreneurship, within the conference.

Then there is also that strange place where people start to involve themselves
in marketing and in advertising, and so the artists then are part of a much
bigger field. When you say arts - you wouldn't normally think of people going
straight from school into advertising. But we are hearing abut people that are
doing amazing things, getting involved in marketing. I recall a presentation by
a guy who made puppets. He had done fine arts. He had actually done academic
[study] and went to all sorts, Africa Burn and this sort of thing, and had built
puppets there.

He got noticed by the World Cup people. He built puppets for them and was asked
to build a moving kind of thing for a toilet paper company in a big mall. And he
said, himself, he would never have known that this was a possibility when he did
his studies. So there is a greater amount of fluidity. And I think because the
funding has been so desperately curtailed into "education, education, education"
- without thinking that arts and culture can be part of education - it has
created some interesting innovations and we just need to nurture those and
recognise them.

But then why the need for a conference about this?
 First of all there is the research that is being carried out which I'm dying to
hear the final outcome of. Then there is this whole trend to push government and
policy around the creative industries and it's fairly controversial. So, Vansa
and the Arterial Network have been doing this research and we will get the first
glimpse of what it means - of what they've used, how have they defined arts and
culture and what is it in terms of money? How much is coming in and how much is
going out? I suppose it will put the first peg in the sand and to hear where we
are at the moment.

Is this recent research?
 Very recent. The draft has just come out and I haven't seen the final of it
yet. It is independent research and I think the British Council and EUNIC have
ben funding it and the Arterial Network and various others have been involved in
it.

So that's the first thing, to say, where are we, and what categories got
included in this thing we call the creative economy? And then the next thing to
look at is the whole policy around how you engage with that? What does the IDC
do? What does the NAC do and what is government doing with this, or what could
they do with it? The first day is really around reacting to the research and
looking at where we are in terms of policy and implementation.

Then on the second day we will be looking at what we are calling "Places and
Spaces", and that is looking mainly at an urban bias, I hate to say it. We tried
to offspring it in rural areas but we are looking firstly at cities. So where
and how do arts practitioners engage with cities? How do cities engage with arts
practitioners? How can they improve the profile of cities, and how can cities
encourage artists to become artists in their cities? The other thing that is
moving a little bit more to rural is trade events and festivals and the
economics of that. We ask, what does it bring in for an area? What does it bring
in for artists? Some people say it is just not worth our while to take [work] to
this-and-this festival.

And then the third space, if you like, is the digital space. So we ask, how can
we use digital to create content? And how can we use digital to market content
and distribute content? So it is going from local, to the world, to the
internet, to the ether.

We are moving from a very grounded [position]: let's see what the economics look
like, to how does this play out in places? People are being asked to bring some
kind of economic data with them where they can [to the conference], particularly
from the festivals. I'm hoping there is going to be some disruption and some
questioning. I have already heard a few people saying we can't wait to get
there.

Really the challenge is digital. It's amazing that we can distribute but what
are the problems of copyright? And what are the problems with protecting
ourselves against being ripped off within 24 hours? I don't know all the
problems but there certainly are some problems when using digital. For that
particular thing we have got some experts, people who will talk about copyright.

Who is speaking at the conference?
 The keynote speaker is from the UK, called John Newbigin [chair of Creative
England, a national agency that invests in and supports creative ideas, talent
and businesses in film, TV, games and digital media]. He has also worked in
quite a few countries and the Brics countries.

On the second day we have Ravi Naidoo, founder of the Design Indaba, we will
have Tony Lankester [National Arts Festival chief executive], Brett Pyper from
the Klein Karoo Nasionale Kunstefees and Claudia Kaiser, vice-president of the
Frankfurt Book Fair. So we will have a little bit of international stuff from
the fairs and festivals. The cities we are looking at are only in South Africa.
We have got people from Port Elizabeth, Durban, Cape Town and Jo'burg. We are
looking at creating vibrant cities and negotiating with artists, and coming up
with something great together.

The third day is just before Women's Day. I'm quite happy to say [television
personality] Pippa Tshabalala, who was listed in the Mail & Guardian's 200 Young
South Africans for 2013, and Maximilian Kaizen Max [who serves as public lead
for Creative Commons in South Africa, a global organisation that develops and
supports flexible copyright and intellectual property tools for governments,
artists, scientists and business] are the keynote speakers.

Max is looking at the whole way that culture has to infuse science and politics.
She is a geek and she has some wild ideas.

The Mail & Guardian is a media partner of the Creative Currencies conference For
conference programme details: Act.org.za

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                              May 26, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Regional directors asked to dig deep for CT scanner; HEALTH CARE: Hospital
Foundation's first stop on quest to raise $1.5 million for CT scanner is the
RDCK board table proposed mental health housing in lower Fairview not going away

BYLINE: Timothy Schafer, Nelson Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 697  words


The first shot has been fired in the hunt to see a CT scanner lodged behind the
walls of Nelson's Kootenay Lake Hospital.

The fundraising effort for the medical imaging machine began Saturday, three
days after final approval was given for the KLH renovation by the
Kootenay-Boundary Regional Hospital Board.

The board voted unanimously last Wednesday to put $5.5 million into the
renovation project. The KLH Foundation came knocking at the Regional District of
Central Kootenay board meeting asking for money to complete the vision for the
hospital.

The Foundation has set a target to raise $1.5 million for the scanner and they
asked the RDCK board to be a major part of that endeavour -- a $300,000 part of
that picture.

Headed by Al Dawson, Foundation chair Murray Fish and Dr. Phil Malpass, the
Foundation asked the RDCK to take a leadership role in providing some start up
costs to commence the fundraising campaign. As a former RDCK director, Dawson
asked the directors to contribute through their community development funds, not
taxation.

Dawson said the fund was the old BC Hydro grants-in-lieu fund and did not
represent a direct taxation from constituents. He asked for 20 per cent of the
2009 community development funds available to directors, around $176,800
(rounded to $200,000).

"It's really tough to start from zero," Dawson told the board.

"If you have that base to work off of it makes it much easier. And it makes it
much easier when local government is part of the effort from day one,
particularly when it is regional government."

Fish told the board it was the largest project ever taken on by the registered
charity. The Foundation has existed since 1991 and has raised a total of $4.3
million for either hospital equipment or a legacy fund -- the most recent major
project being a $156,000 contribution to the operating room renovations in 2006.

The need for a CT scanner is dire, said Dr. Malpass. The wait times for a CT
scan have increased to the danger point, with the current Kootenay-Boundary
Regional Hospital in Trail's wait list at 12 weeks, compared to Kelowna which is
two weeks.

"CT scanning is such an important modality, especially for emergency room
operations," he said.

Nelson's contribution from the community development fund would be $30,000,
$10,000 more than the next largest contributor, Castlegar. Area F and G's
contribution would be $4,600 each, while Areas E, H and D would be $16,000 each.

Through an RDCK Columbia Basin Trust local initiative fund for 2010, the
Foundation was also asking for $100,000 -- at $5,000 contributed for each one of
the 20 directors. The board had contributed community development funds to
projects in the past, said Dawson, having given $80,000 in seed money to the
Selkirk Loop tourism program several years ago.

Dawson said they have discussed with CBT the possibility of relaxation of the
conditions for that funding, allowing the Foundation to apply for the initiative
. The board's representative to the CBT board, Area K director Paul Peterson,
said the application should qualify.

"I don't think you'll have any trouble with that CBT initiative," he said. "If
the community votes for it, on the initiative only... I don't think it will be
an issue."

The request for funds will be considered for the June general affairs meeting,
with a decision from the board coming in July. Municipal directors have to take
the request back to their respective councils for approval, allowing rural
directors some time to consider the proposal.

The goal of the fundraising effort should be realized within 12 months. Major
pending donors would comprise up to $300,000 in revenue, while regional and
national major corporate donors would be $300,000, according to a proposed
fundraising revenue plan outlined by the Foundation.

Individual local marketing programs aimed at service clubs, major suppliers,
monthly contribution programs, employee contribution plans and festivals would
account for $500,000. As well, the Foundation will be looking for $150,000 from
major corporate donors within the regional district.

Site preparation for the emergency department and CT scanner suite redevelopment
is expected to begin in July.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               February 10, 1996

Labour MP highlights growing waiting lists Government criticised over rural
homeless

BYLINE: By Dan Buglass;;

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 681 words


THE Government's attitude to the shortage of rural housing came under strong
attack yesterday from John Home Robertson, the Labour MP for East Lothian.

He told how homelessness cases in rural Scotland have increased by 59% over five
years to 8565 in 1995. "There are 42,000 applicants stuck on waiting lists for
housing with rural local authorities and 3000 households living in caravans in
rural Scotland," he revealed.

Mr Home Robertson made his criticism at a conference at Ingliston organised by
the Royal Highland and Agricultural Society when one of the rare areas of
agreement was that the Common Agricultural Policy is in need of reform.

He also suggested that one of the principal reasons for more people living in
the countryside was a result of being decanted into rural areas.

Unfortunately, what was planned as a face-to-face debate between the Scottish
Office Agriculture Minister Lord Lindsay and Mr Home Robertson fell victim to
the weather with the minister being diverted to Dumfries and Galloway to see at
first hand the problems posed by the weather.

In the minister's absence, his speech was delivered by a senior civil servant,
John Randall. The speech carefully skirted the homelessness issue but pointed
out that rural populations were rising and that unemployment was falling.

Speaking against the background of the Government's recent White Paper entitled
Rural Scotland which lays out the proposals for a new initiative - the Scottish
Rural Partnership, aimed at co-ordinating a wide range of country activities -
Mr Randall said: "These partnerships will bring together some existing grant
schemes and manage them in a co-ordinated way.

"£1m of new money has been added to offer challenge funding for projects and
pump-priming support for the local rural partnerships."

The White Paper cut only minimal ice with Mr Home Robertson, who farms in
Berwickshire. He said: "It's a wee timorous shuffle in the right direction.  The
consultation exercise has identified most of the problems, but the Scottish
Office is only allowed to address the points which suit its masters' prejudices.
So the conclusions are predictable and cheap - just £1m of new money to be
administered by yet another quango."

Making the minister's point on the CAP, Mr Randall said: "The Government
believes that reform is unavoidable. We are, therefore, determined to seize the
initiative and play a principal role in shaping any new agenda. At the same time
we are equally determined to safeguard the interests of the Scottish farmer and
the Scottish agricultural industry, our rural communities, our rural economy and
our environment."

Mr Home Robertson was much more direct in his analysis of the distribution of
agricultural support. He said: "Too much of it is disappearing into not-so
-friendly banks, or being taken out of the rural economy by absentee
proprietors, or just funding high living standards for some farmers."

He continued: "The CAP was originally intended to guarantee food supplies and
how to support the rural economy. The question of food supply is now barely
relevant. It would be reasonably safe to leave it to a loosely regulated market
to supply the food needs of Europe."

Mr Home Robertson concluded in a forceful vein when he said: "The present
British Government has become a semi-detached nuisance in the European Union,
and it is unlikely to have much constructive influence on the development of
policy on the CAP.

"If the EU wants to encourage employment, community development and
environmental conservation in rural areas, we should stop waffling about
commodity subsidies and start again with incentives directed at the things we
really want to achieve."

In the subsequent debate, Mr Home Robertson was taken to task by the former
chairman of the British Wool Marketing Board, Billy Elliot, for using the
occasion as "a party political platform". Professor Ian Cunningham, who chaired
the conference, said that it was difficult to separate the whole question of
rural issues from politics.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: John Home Robertson

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1996 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday

Northeast Entrepreneur Fund lays off 7 people

BYLINE: Lisa Baumann, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


Feb. 22--Anticipating the loss of federal and grant funding, nearly half of the
full-time employees at the Northeast Entrepreneur Fund were laid off last week.

The Entrepreneur Fund and its Greenstone Group initiative has helped start,
stabilize or expand more than 1,200 businesses in Northeastern Minnesota and
Northwestern Wisconsin since 1989, said President Mary Mathews.

"This has been an incredibly hard week," Mathews said on Friday. "The people
that are leaving are very competent people."

Mathews said seven of 15 full-time employees have been let go, and the decisions
were made after about a month of strategic planning.

"We've anticipated there would be some changes in 2012 in the current economic
and political environment, and we determined that it was time now to make some
changes to ensure that we would be sustainable for a long period of time," she
said.

Mathews said the layoffs were made largely due to budget cuts proposed in
Washington. The Entrepreneur Fund stands to lose about 30 percent of its federal
money, the majority of which comes from the U.S. Small Business Administration.
It also receives Community Development Block Grants and periodically receives
money from U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development. All are slated for
possible cuts this year, Mathews said.

With the loss of seven employees will come the loss of services, mainly in
specialized programs.

"For example, we've always provided special programming around artists, and
(now) if an artist wants to create an art business, we will encourage them into
our regular classes," she said.

They also plan to keep a strong focus on helping entrepreneurs with start-up and
growth as well as lending to all manner of businesses.

Mathews is optimistic the changes will put the fund in a position of strength as
funding remains uncertain.

"We know the more focused we are the more likely we are to generate impact in
the region, and, at the end of the day, that's our job," she said.

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110222-DU-Northeast-Entrepreneur-Fund-lays-off-7-people-0222-20110222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2011 Duluth News-Tribune


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

GIY launch nationwide Cottage Market initiative supported by Ulster Bank and The
Ireland Funds

LENGTH: 691  words


GIY are proud to announce the launch of their new Cottage Market' initiative,
which invites community groups to avail of start-up funding in order to set up
and run their own Cottage Market.

Activity partners Ulster Bank and The Ireland Funds are set to support the
initiative across the country to the tune of [#x20ac]65,000 over the next two
years with GIY aiming to put home-made, home-grown food and craft back at the
centre of Irish communities.

Community groups nationwide are now invited to apply online via
http://thecottagemarket.ie/set-up-a-cottage-market/ in order to avail of funding
which will help them to establish and run their very own Cottage Market.

The successful applicants will be awarded with a tailor made training programme,
which will provide them with the skills they need in order to firmly place fresh
homegrown and homemade food back into the hearts of rural communities.

The initiative will see twenty new markets established across the country and
those behind the new markets will take part in a training programme to ensure
the markets' success and longevity.

Social enterprise, marketing, finance and food experts will deliver training on
a number of key modules including how to set up and run a viable community
market, how to grow food for a market and will also offer tips on how to
successfully market the new venture.

The deadline for applications is March 3rd; the groups behind the 20 new Markets
will be selected by March 10th with the training programme taking place on March
25th, 2017.

Commenting on the launch of The Cottage Market programme, GIY's community
manager Karen O'Donohoe said: "The Cottage Market is a simple but fresh take on
community led markets in villages, towns and cities all over Ireland.

"We know that this initiative for Cottage Markets across Ireland can be hugely
successful.

"We piloted the programme with three markets in Ladysbridge, Drogheda and
Headford, and now with funding from the Ulster Bank Skills and Opportunities
Fund and The Ireland Funds we are launching the Accelerator Phase that will
build on the success of the pilot programme."

According to GIY a Cottage Market differs from a Farmer's Market concept in that
it is all about bringing hobbyists and amateur producers from a local area
together to showcase their often hidden skills and talents in areas such
growing, sewing or baking.

Founder of GIY Michael Kelly describes it as "more community oriented than it is
commercial".

He said: "We are delighted to help establish what we feel is a natural evolution
for GIY. The creation of these Cottage Markets will begin to satisfy the
ever-increasing interest and demand from Irish consumers for locally grown and
locally sourced food.

"The recent scarcity of vegetables on the supermarket shelves has certainly
reinforced the need for Irish consumers to think more locally.  In addition,
these Cottage Markets will offer great opportunities for GIY'ers with an over-
abundance of produce."

Commenting on the new GIY initiative, Pauline McKiernan, sustainability manager
at Ulster Bank, said: "I'm delighted we've been able to support GIY as it
expands with the launch of the Cottage Market.  Our Skills & Opportunities Fund
enables funding for unique projects like this that will make a real impact in
our local communities."

Jordan Campbell, director of grants and research at The Ireland Funds said: "The
Ireland Funds' Flagship Grant programme supports outstanding non-profit
organisations to deliver effective programmes in the areas of arts and culture,
education, peace and reconciliation and community development.

"The GIY Cottage Markets are a highly innovative and impactful means of
promoting community integration and development. The Ireland Funds are proud to
support their expansion into new communities across Ireland."

Applications to establish new Cottage Markets are now being accepted online and
the process remains open until March 3rd 2017.

Applications from existing market operators whose markets meet The Cottage
Market criteria will also be accepted, the application form is available online
at http://thecottagemarket.ie/set-up-a-cottage-market/

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Wheatland Electric has funds available for community, business startup loan
assistance

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 410 words


July 12--Wheatland Electric currently has funds available to offer low- to
no-interest loans to certain qualifying community and economic development
projects.

Since 2000, Wheatland Electric has invested more than $2.6 million back into the
communities it serves through its partnership with USDA and the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Program.

Loan funds from the program can be used in two ways. The first is for community
development projects.

Over the years, these projects have included initiatives like helping to
establish a dentist's office, providing funds for the purchase of a fire truck,
and partnering with a local school district to build a high school fieldhouse.

The second way the funds can be used is for economic development projects that
involve new business startups or existing business expansions. Past economic
development projects from Wheatland's program include, among others, dairy
startups and expansions, a grain storage facility and an ethanol manufacturing
facility.

"We're proud to have been a part of some really great projects that have
benefitted entire communities as well as projects that have helped local
businesses expand and thrive," said Wheatland General Manager Bruce Mueller. "We
look forward to continuing that partnership with the communities and businesses
in our service territory."

Wheatland emphasizes that these loans are not meant to compete with local banks
but to partner with them on projects that stimulate private investments and the
creation of jobs and wealth in rural Kansas.

Some of the steps required for eligible community groups and businesses to
secure financing for their project include:

-- Request assistance from Wheatland and obtain board approval for the project;

-- Submit a detailed business plan that includes all of the pertinent details of
the project;

-- Provide an irrevocable letter of credit from a financial institution;

-- Provide three-year historical and projected financial statements;

Each application varies, and additional information may be required to determine
project eligibility.

Interested community groups and businesses can learn more about the program by
visiting Wheatland's website at www.weci.net or by contacting Shawn Powelson,
manager of member services and corporate communications, at (800) 762-0436.

___ (c)2015 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150712-VZ-Wheatland-Electric-has-funds-available-for-community-business-startu
p-loan-assistance-0712-20150712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2015 The Hutchinson News


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 24, 2009 Tuesday

Saving a landmark

BYLINE: Kevin Smith, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 915 words


Feb. 24--An extensive renovation project is set to begin next month on a
downtown building that just a few years ago was a candidate for demolition.

Renovations totaling $175,000 at the former Greensfelder building at 315 East
Market Street include a new roof, strengthening and stabilizing of the west and
south walls of the building, new upstairs windows and a refurbishment of the
building's front facade.

The project is supported by the building's owner, Historic Landmarks Foundation
of Indiana, as well as Logan's Landing and the city of Logansport.

Work will begin March 9 and will take roughly 90 days to complete.

"The building will be a red brick front with dark green windows and two store
fronts," said Todd Zeiger, director of the northern regional office of the
landmarks foundation. "It is a very traditional design."

The foundation is putting up funds for the project, along with a grant from the
Indiana Housing and Community Development Authority's Real Estate Capital Access
Program.

The RECAP initiative is a joint program between the IHCDA, the Indiana Office of
Community and Rural Affairs and the Indiana Office of Tourism to promote
development in main streets throughout rural Indiana.

Logansport was selected along with Wabash and Vevay as part of the project's
pilot program in 2007. The Greensfelder building, though, is the first project
in either city to begin construction.

"Logansport is the most together on their projects out of all of the cities
selected in the first round," said Amber Seidler, IHCDA's director of
communications and media.

Zeiger said that about $100,000 of the renovation costs would be paid by the
foundation with the rest from the RECAP grant. He added that since owning the
building, the foundation already had invested about twice that amount in the
structure.

"We don't like to have another empty lot in downtown," Zeiger said. "We want to
promote what Logan's Landing is doing to preserve, renovate and remodel
downtown. To tear this building down would be against everything that is going
on."

The building is also eligible for $10,000 in funds from the city's corridor
improvement program, which is intended for beautification of storefronts on main
routes into the city.

Zeiger confirmed that while funds from the eventual sale of the building would
not meet the money invested, the cash would be split between Logan's Landing and
the landmarks foundation to reinvest in other downtown renovation projects.

"We have an agreement to put back in what we recoup from the building," he said.

The announcement that construction will go ahead marks the end of a difficult
period for the building.

Previous owner Judy Rolewicz donated the building to the landmarks foundation in
2003 after the east wall collapsed and the structure was placed on the city's
condemned list for demolition.

Despite stabilization work, including a rebuild of the collapsed wall, efforts
to sell the building to an investor have failed.

Logansport Deputy Mayor Linda Klinck said the building's problems were
heightened with a partial demolition for a used car lot.

"Originally there were three bays, but they tore down a third of the building,"
Klinck said. "What is left is an interior wall and this is what has caused a lot
of the problems."

She said that work on the structure would include filling in the holes of the
wall to increase stability.

To mark the beginning of construction, Logan's Landing will stage a "kick-off"
ceremony that is open to the public at 10 a.m. March 5.

Representatives from HLFI, IHCPA and the city of Logansport will be present to
show support for the project.

Zeiger said that the ceremony is intended to mark a new start for the structure,
which will no longer be known as the Greensfelder building but by its address,
315 E. Market.

"It is kind of a project groundbreaking," Zeiger said. "It is not a new
building, but the idea is to take down the old Greensfelder signage which is in
the storefront to save that as part of the kick off."

He added that he was optimistic the event would be a double celebration.

Kelly and Teri Hawes, owners of a property at 218 Eel River Ave., will learn
today whether their application for RECAP funds for an antiques business is
successful .

"If approved, it will go forward at about the same time," Zeiger said.

Zeiger said that the foundation had not marketed the building yet to potential
investors but is optimistic that once the building was completed investors would
come forward.

"The condition of the building does not really lend itself to sharing at this
time," he said.

Klinck said that depending on the plans of the eventual users of the store
fronts, the second floor of the building could easily be converted into a
residential area.

"The long-range plan is for upstart apartments," she said. "We do not have any
interested users yet, but the layout is perfect for two one-bedroom apartments."

Want to go?

--What: Kick-off ceremony to mark the beginning of a project to save a downtown
landmark.

--When: 10 a.m. March 5.

--Where: The former Greensfelder Building, 315 E. Market St.

To see more of the Pharos-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pharostribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090224-LG-BUILDING-RENOVATION-20090224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                                 Copyright 2009


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 27, 2009 Friday

St. Joseph gets initial blast from stimulus package

BYLINE: Ken Newton, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 674 words


Feb. 27--St. Joseph got more than $1.2 million in the first round of funding
from the federal economic stimulus program, it was announced Thursday afternoon.

The money comes through two programs of the Housing and Urban Development
Department. From the Community Development Block Grant program, the city landed
$475,429, Sen. Claire McCaskill said. From the Homeless Prevention Grant
program, $727,371 will come the city's way.

Missouri communities and the state overall got $45 million in the programs'
distributions.

Ms. McCaskill voiced her pleasure that money from the Economic Recovery and
Reinvestment Act, totaling $787 billion, is being made available so quickly. She
also voiced her priorities for the money's use.

"I encourage those receiving community development grant assistance to focus on
jobs, jobs, jobs," the Missouri Democrat said.

More 'smart power'

In the effort to use America's "smart power" for world good, the United States
has an army already in place, Sen. Kit Bond says.

That's the Peace Corps.

Missouri's senior senator praised the federal agency as it celebrated 48 years
of existence on Thursday. Since 1961, more than 195,000 Peace Corps volunteers
have worked throughout the world "positively shaping and improving" America's
image in foreign nations, he said.

Mr. Bond said the agency, now with 7,500 volunteers in 75 countries, plays an
essential role in U.S. smart-power enterprises, such things as educational
exchanges, public diplomacy and economic and agricultural development.

"All of these smart-power initiatives contribute not only to a better life for
so many in need, but also help create the conditions for a more stable and
peaceful world," the Republican lawmaker said on the Senate floor.

Mr. Bond pointed out that roughly one in five current volunteers serve in 16
countries that predominantly worship Islam, doing a lot to bolster the "much
misunderstood image of America within the Muslim world."

Down with pay raise

Members of the U.S. House sent a message Wednesday in voting to freeze their
pay: "We get it."

A measure to stop their automatic pay increase passed 398 to 24, a nod to the
ailing economy. Reps. Sam Graves, of Missouri's 6th District, and Lynn Jenkins,
of Kansas' 2nd District, voted in favor of the freeze, which came in the form of
an amendment prior to passage of the $410 billion omnibus spending bill. Both
subsequently voted against the appropriations package.

Mr. Graves said he had no problem with the amendment, having co-sponsored
legislation in the past to stop automatic pay increases for Congress.

"We have more pressing needs than lawmaker pay raises," Mr. Graves said.

According to the clerk of the U.S. House, the salary this year of
representatives and senators is $169,300, though a handful of congressional
leaders get more.

Senate approval and a presidential signature are needed before the pay freeze
becomes law.

Good as gold

The Army college at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., is as good as gold, Sen. Pat Roberts
insists. A coin should deem it so.

Mr. Roberts has introduced a bill to honor the U.S. Army Command and General
Staff College with commemorative coins. The measure calls for the U.S. Treasury
to mint 100,000 gold coins ($5), 500,000 silver coins ($1) and 750,000
copper-nickel clad coins (50 cents).

Coin designs would honor five-star generals who passed through the college:
George C. Marshall, Douglas MacArthur, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Henry "Hap" Arnold
and Omar N. Bradley.

Proceeds from a surcharge on the sale of the coins would go to the college
foundation. The institution was founded in 1881.

Ken Newton can be reached

at kenn@npgco.com

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090227-JM-St-Joseph-gets-initial-blast-from-stimulus-package-0227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2009 St. Joseph News-Press


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            April 18, 2013 Thursday

Cutbacks leave rural groups in real peril

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 932 words


But, however beautiful noteworthy and historic an area may be, as an elderly
neighbour of mine was fond of reminding me, you can't live on the view.

The Avondhu Blackwater Partnership Limited (ABPL) have developed and delivered
LEADER and other programmes, which have proved vital to the survival of many
communities in the area.

Now there are growing concerns that Government initiatives to involve local
authorities will seriously undermine the work that has been done by Partnership
companies.

They believe the Government has not put forward any legitimate case proving that
local authorities will be able to deliver such programmes more cost effectively,
more efficiently or more progressively than the existing, tried and tested
companies.

"Our observations draw on over 20 years' experience and strong track record in
efficiently and effectively delivering innovative enterprise and community
development," an ABPL spokesperson points out.

"This approach has encouraged community development and promotes social
inclusion from tackling rural isolation to urban deprivation through a range of
enterprise, training and community development supports."

Avondhu Blackwater Partnership Ltd and the Irish Local Development Network who
are the representative body for the 51 local development companies in Ireland
have welcomed many aspects of the document but continue to have concerns about
many of its key proposals.

"We need to strengthen both local government and local development," ABPL
concludes. "LEADER and other local development programmes should remain with the
existing companies who have a proven track record, low administration costs and
are ready to deliver further programmes with the successful bottom-up approach
which has served the local development sector, the citizens and communities of
Ireland so well."

KILWORTH

One of the area's success stories is the recently renovated Kilworth Village
Park and Playground. The central site has had several incarnations, including a
stint as a private vegetable garden and a wildlife sanctuary before becoming
derelict for a number of years.

Kilworth Muintir Community Council, one of the first Muintir groups in Ireland,
was established in 1959 and is noted for being the first Muintir to organise a
rural group water scheme.

The pro-active group became aware of the strong local need for a children's
playground and a public recreational space and began to look at possible sites
in the village. With help from LEADER, Clann Credo and have course, local
donations, the project went ahead. The playground was opened in 2008 and the
village park added shortly after.

The two facilities are in daily use by community members of all ages.

BALLYNOE AGRI

Eddie and Linda O'Keefe's first foray into Agri Diversification came about in
1993 when their daughter became sick.

The couple spent two years travelling up and down to Crumlin Hospital and
eventually realised that the daily duties of milking their dairy herd was
becoming a huge problem.

In 1996 Eddie saw that farmers were having difficulties in securing slatted
steel units.

The couple began developing their own business as quickly as possible, selling
pre-formed cages directly to farmers and employing one person to help with the
work.

But when the grant for these units was discontinued the enterprising family knew
it was time to explore other options once again and began working in the feed
haulage business.

A LEADER grant enabled them to start a wood chip business to supply the
industrial sector. But following an economic downturn, the family had to sell
the tractor they used to power the wood chipper. Nothing daunted, Eddie, good
with his hands and something of an inventor, took an old engine from a silage
harvester and adapted it to power the wood so that it could be chipped in a
stationary position. Now the operation could be run by one person and the system
was much more efficient.

Their daughter Maeve will soon complete her degree in Agriculture. Her
innovative research project, a Hoof Paring Crate makes pairing safer and easier
for farmer and animal, and has a patent pending. Today, Ballynoe Agri employs
five people plus family members.

THE FARM, GRENAGH

The more urbanised we become and the more pre-packaged and pre-prepared our
food, the more our youth is in danger of seeing food as produced in some sort of
virtual world, far away from the living reality of a working farm.

Many children have expressed amazement when they realise that milk gushes from a
cow's udder and that feathery clucking hens produce the breakfast egg.

Mick Forde says that the idea to develop 'The Farm' came about from the many
visits he and his family made to Open Farms in the UK. Mick, who has a farming
background, felt that he could develop a facility that would appeal to people of
all ages.

With the help of a LEADER grant, he started to look for a location for his dream
business and was delighted when a suitable property came up for sale in Grenagh,
County Cork.

Mick felt that one of the farm's most attractive features was the number of
original buildings.

Today, The Farm is a very significant contributor to the local economy,
employing six full-time and two part-time staff and sourcing all local food
stuff for their restaurant. Farm animals, walks a farm shop give visitors an
enjoyable day out and an opportunity to see just how its all done.

Now, Mick is very pleased to announce the forthcoming Rural Heritage Interactive
Display.

It's the first of its kind to depict life both before and after the
electrification of rural ireland. The Farm has disabled access to all areas.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 7, 2001 Wednesday

Latest round of state grants awarded

BYLINE: STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 449 words


Gov. George Ryan this week announced the release of more than $1.5 million in
grants to help capital development projects for central and western Illinois,
including $85,000 for restoration and additions to the Lincoln Memorial Garden
and Nature Center in Springfield.

The Springfield center is one 39 public museums in Illinois to receive state
dollars from the Museum Capital Grants Program. The museum grants total $10
million.

"The Museum Capital Grants Program is providing much-needed support to local
initiatives that are strengthening the ability of museums to meet their
educational missions," Ryan said in a written statement.

Also this week, Taylorville officials learned they'll be getting $336,000 in
state funding to cover approximately half the cost of continuing installation of
new storm sewers in Ward 3, part of a five-phase project that began in 1996 to
install storm sewers throughout the city.

This portion of the project extends the new storm sewer over six blocks in the
southwest corner of town from Vandeveer and Houston streets north one block to
Adams and Simpson streets.

Taylorville Mayor Jim Montgomery Jr. said the city had applied for $400,000 in
state assistance and has received $1.2 million from the state for the storm
sewer project as a whole.

Montgomery said the city hopes to have the Ward 3 phase of the project done by
the end of this year. Phase four of the five-step project is expected to cost
$685,000.

The Department of Commerce and Community Affairs announced Taylorville's grant
through the state's Community Development Assistance Program.

Among other communities that received a share of the $24 million doled out for
various community projects was the village of Tovey, which received $80,000 to
design a connecting water line to Pawnee.

Among other Springfield-area grants announced this week is Illinois FIRST
funding that includes:

*  $175,000 to the Bunker Hill Fire Protection District to buy a new fire truck.

* $170,000 to the Chapin Rural Fire Association to buy a new fire truck and
safety equipment.

* $102,400 to the Logan County Sheriff's Department to buy defibrillators for
Logan, Mason, DeWitt, Woodford and Tazewell counties.

* $100,000 to the Murrayville-Woodson Emergency Ambulance Service to buy a new
and a used ambulance.

* $100,000 to the Scottville-Modesto Rural Fire Protection District to renovate
its stations and purchase a new fire truck.

* $100,000 to the city of Jacksonville to renovate the indoor firing range in
the Jacksonville Police Department.

* $60,000 to the Kilbourne Fire Protection District to buy a new fire truck.

* $50,000 to the Rural Pittsfield Fire Protection District to buy new fire
truck.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 April 15, 2000

Once neglected hall buzzes with new-found village spirit

BYLINE: By Leanne Carter

SECTION: Rural: Village Halls, Pg.3

LENGTH: 422 words


A MORAY village hall which was once threatened with closure is enjoying a
dramatic change in its fortunes.

Lhanbryde residents have banded together to inject a massive dose of community
spirit into their only hall facility.

Less than a year ago, it was feared the hall would have to shut its doors
through lack of use.

But since the launch of the Lhanbryde Challenge project eight months ago, people
of all ages have been showing their support.

A children's playscheme for the Easter holidays, a youth drop-in centre, regular
teenage discos, women's groups and creches are just some of the schemes being
held there.

Plans are also being drafted to open an after-school club for local children
later in the year.

The Lhanbryde Challenge, which receives grant assistance from the Scottish
Executive's rural challenge fund, was set up after a consultation with
residents.

They suggested the need for a community development worker to be located in the
village in a bid to help get all sections of society working together.

Lhanbryde Challenge co-ordinator Claire Ross said: "It's all about getting the
groups to integrate and work with and for each other.

"For example, we do some work with teenagers and those same teenagers come back
to help us with groups for young children.

"Eight months down the line we are getting there. The aim is to have 200
volunteers involved with the Lhanbryde Challenge - about 10% of the population -
by the time the project comes to an end.

"We have 70 volunteers at this point with just under 18 months of the Challenge
left to run.

"We are getting there but we do want more people in the community to come
forward to volunteer, even if it is just for a few hours every month."

The Lhanbryde Challenge works in partnership with Moray Council, Lhanbryde
Primary School and the New Community Schools Initiative.

Diane Grant, chairwoman of the playscheme and village hall committee, said new
life was being breathed into Lhanbryde.

She is in doubt as to what the fate of the hall may have been.

"I think it is quite possible that the hall would have closed had it not been
for the Challenge.

"It has played a major part in keeping the village hall open and it is because
of all these new groups getting set up that hall is now being used more.

"The hall is an extremely successful building now that people can see that
things are going to work in the village," said Mrs Grant.

Anyone who would like to help with local groups is asked to contact Claire Ross
on 01343-842185.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday

ACE lends a helping hand to local community groups

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 989 words


Arklow certainly has its fair share of community organisations and clubs each
catering for people in the community with special interests.

Whether it is a meal on wheels for your granny, a homework club for your child
or the residents association on your estate, there is always something to get
involved with.

Behind the scenes of many of these groups is an organisation called Arklow
Community Enterprise (ACE), a government-funded body designed to support and
encourage the local community.

ACE is celebrating its 10th birthday this year and chief executive officer Anne
Byrne said its philosophy was a simple one.

It's about giving people a hand up, not a hand out,' she said

Fundamentally we exist to help people help themselves.'

ACE has been working since 1997 to promote equality and social and economic
inclusion in and around Arklow.

(There are also similar organisations in Wicklow Town and Bray, as well as right
around the country.)

Key activities include supporting people to establish groups and associations,
providing educational and personal development courses for local residents, and
providing a range of support, training and advice services for young people.

ACE is managed by a voluntary board of directors drawn from the community,
statutory agencies and the Arklow Town Council and Wicklow County Council.

The organisation hit the ground running and within its first three years had
seen many successes including the formation of Arklow Meals on Wheels, the
Active Retirement Group, Disability Action Group, the ARK Community Playgroup,
seven local residents' associations and five homework clubs, including one for
traveller children.

In addition there was also the development the Arklow Tourist Trail, the
establishment of the Alzhiemer's Day Care Centre, and training courses for
carers, job seekers and fledgling small businesses.

Ms Byrne explained that the idea was to assist local people to form their own
groups, then step back and let them get on with it.

'We would get a group of people together and teach them strategic planning or
committee skills

Our aim is always to make ourselves redundant as soon as possible!'

ACE has run its Local Development Social Inclusion Programme since 2001, which
includes services to the unemployed, community development and community-based
youth initiatives

Ms Byrne said that while long-term unemployment has reduced in Arklow, there
were still local people in that situationparticularly men in their 50s and 60s.

To try to counter this, ACE introduced a series of actions including
start-your-own-business, computer, personal effectiveness, enterprise and
finance training, one-to-one enterprise or employment support, CV preparation
and mock interview practice, and education grants. They have also organised jobs
fairs, a business mentoring programme, and an Arklow's first ever third-level
degree courseUCC's Diploma in Community and Youth Work.

This two-year, part-time program, delivered locally, will see its first
graduates receive their diplomas on October 6.

It has been so successful that a diploma in disability studies, also offered
through UCC, has been added.

Our students are people who, for varying reasons, can't leave Arklow to go to
college, or mature students who didn't get the opportunity to go when they were
younger,' Ms Byrne said.

In terms of community development, ACE has been involved in the formation of
many groups and programmes around town including women's, men's, teen parents'
and lone parents' groups, a traveller support group, community development
training, migrant support programmes including English language classes, support
groups, advocacy, etc, the Arklow Social Inclusion Network, and the volunteer
centre.

Our whole focus is about assessing and then meeting community needs as they are
identified locally,' Ms Byrne said.

In response to rising childcare costs and lack of services in rural areas, the
organisation helped create the Ark Community Playgroup, which has been running
very successfully for a number of years.

Ms Byrne said community needs could change rapidly over time. For instance,
migrant workers were not even included in ACE's first strategic plan a decade
ago, but now migrant support services are a big part of what they do. ACE now
has 15 staff employed in a range of management, development, youth, community
and administration roles.

It also has properties in St Mary's Terrace and Brookview (which is currently
used by the Arklow Community Development Project).

Every year our program of activity changes a little,' Ms Byrne said.

For the young people of Arklow ACE has also provided a range of community-based
education and youth development opportunities available from early years through
to early adulthood, in areas of disadvantage.

These services include homework classes, psychological assessments, personal
development, the stay-in-school initiative, support for youth clubs and the
Arklow Dyslexia Workshop, and programmes such as education through sport; and
drug and alcohol misuse prevention

Anne said another key action was the Springboard Project, developed by a local
partnership of community, statutory and voluntary bodies in Arklow.

The project provides support to vulnerable families, especially children at
risk, in Arklow and teaches parents skills to care appropriately for children
who would otherwise go into care.

ACE is also very proud of the Arklow Community Development Project, which it
helped form to directly target poverty.

Project work is overseen by a steering committee, with ACE having final
responsibility for staff and finance.

In the past decade, more than 3000 people have attended ACE-run courses and
programmes in Arklow, with many success stories coming from them.

The next big change for the organisation is next year's potential merger with
Wicklow Rural Partnership and Wicklow Working together to provide a seamless,
county-wide service.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Camrose Canadian

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

County council hears CDSS report, approves solar project

BYLINE: Jessica Ryan, Camrose Canadian

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 708  words


Camrose District Support Services executive director Margaret Holliston and
rural community program director Clarence Hastings visited Camrose County
council June 28 to bring them up to date on the past year.

Holliston reported that a highlight of 2015 was that CDSS did not have to
approach the county to ask for an over contribution to make ends meet, since the
province provided increased funds. 2015 provincial and municipal revenue of
$814,251 collected from the county city and surrounding villages allowed CDSS to
leverage another $1,350,000 in grants, donations, service contracts and
administration fees, and funded programs like the Boys and Girls Club, home
support, Meals on Wheels, preschool (including Hay Lakes Playschool), Family
Violence Action Society programs, Camrose Family Resource

Centre, OSCAR after school program and Service Options for Seniors.

"I think that's one of the joys of FCSS, its a relatively small, reasonable
investment on the part of local communities matching those provincial dollars,
but it does bring other dollars into our community to meet those preventive
social services and community development activities that we do on an annual
basis," said Holliston.

Hastings then went into more detail about rural community programming.

One exciting initiative is that funding has been allocated toward a Living
Heritage program.

"How do we engage some of those old timers in communities, to tell their stories
so we can make sure that information is passed on in a really innovative, new
way?" asked Hastings. "As opposed to the dust on the shelf of the museum, making
sure that some of those historical places and some of those historical pieces
and stories are

being shared with new generations to come in a way that they understand."

Hastings also reported on the success of the men's shed program. "It's
definitely a very popular place for the older semi-retired and retired guys to
come," he said."Half of the guys who are members are from Camrose County and
area, not city guys, and so they make the drive in every Thursday just to have
those kind of conversations and that kind of camaraderie that they need."

Hastings helped get the program started, but will be leaving more and more of
the direction up to the 19 members involved. They have built little free
libraries for the Rotary Club, helped with old timer's hut at the Camrose
District Centennial Museum on Canada Day and are open to new initiatives.

"It's kind of an interesting dynamic in that it's not a service club, but
they've started to take on little projects

throughout this last year."

Don Gregorwich thanked Holliston and Hastings and CDSS, saying, "It's pretty
obvious that all your programs connect with somebody in the community, all age
groups. You connect them all together and the end result is that you're helping
them to make a stronger community and at the same time working with individuals
to help people have a little better quality of life, too. That's to be admired,
that you manage to do this on not only a wide scale but on an individual scale."

Solar savings Camrose County council also approved a proposal for a solar array
project on the roof of the county offices June 28.

Council received 12 proposals and opted to go with the design plan from Sky Fire
energy. At a cost of roughly $225,400 (after a rebate of about $60,000 from the
provincial government), the array is projected to provide

40 per cent of the facility's electricity, saving the county around $19,000 a
year and pay for itself with 15 years at current electricity rates. Funding will
come from MSI capital.

"A big unknown in this is the price of electricity," said corporate services
manager Teresa Gratrix. "I think it's a pretty well established fact that the
electricity rates are going to go up."

Coun. Greg Gillespie made the motion to proceed with Gratix's recommended
action, saying, "I like this idea."

"If you look at our municipal goals and strategic initiative that we developed a
number of years ago, an increase in using green energy was one of the goals in
that plan," said Gratrix. "It does show leadership in using solar and green
energy to power the office here."

A more specific design plan and costing will be presented at a future council
meeting.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Camrose Canadian
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                February 4, 2005

Re-organisation scheme sees four new crofts for eigg

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 223 words


A Crofting re-organisation scheme on Eigg has resulted in four new crofts being
registered by the Crofters Commission.  This has increased the number of crofts
on the island from 19 to 23 and increased the land under crofting tenure,
including common grazing from approximately 250 hectares to nearly 350 hectares.
The reorganisation was an initiative by the Isle of Eigg Heritage Trust and
members of the crofting community which aimed to strengthen and develop crofting
on Eigg.  This is the first statutory re-organisation and creation of new crofts
that has taken place since the National Trust for Scotland and the Crofters
Commission introduced a similar scheme at Balmacara. The four new crofters, with
an average age well under 40, have now been accepted by the IEHT as tenants of
the new crofts. There is now greater potential to develop crofting on the island
of Eigg, through the Croft Entrant Scheme, the Crofting Communities Development
Scheme the Crofting Counties Agricultural Grants (Scotland) Scheme, the Rural
Stewardship Scheme, and Crofter Housing.

Jim Hunter, chairman of IEHT, said: "It's really good to see new crofts taking
shape and new opportunities being created on an island where those things were
long thought to be impossible. Community ownership has been fundamental to
delivering those gains."

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2005 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 12, 2010 Monday

New homebuyers: Mayor's Committee on Homeownership wraps up meetings, focuses on
implementation

BYLINE: David Anderson, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1011 words


July 12--While the Kinston Mayor's Committee on Homeownership will not actively
help local residents find houses, the committee members will remain engaged in
marshaling resources and developing plans to promote growth of the city's
housing market.

"It wasn't the intent of the committee to actively seek homeowners ourselves,"
said Mayor B.J. Murphy. "We'll leave that to the private market."

Murphy formed the committee earlier this year after learning that more than half
of the city's housing stock is renter-occupied, according to U.S. Census data.

"I saw, basically, a red flag, a major increase in the city of renter-occupied
units from 2000 to 2008, and it's not that renting is a bad or good idea for a
family, but we all know new house construction and homeownership is what drives
our economy," Murphy said in January, when a roundtable discussion was held on
the matter.

The 12-member committee was made up of city officials, representatives of the
Kinston Housing Authority, non-profit homebuyer education groups, real estate
firms, banks and property developers.

"It was just really coming together with all the different players at the table
... trying to come up with something that will help replenish the area with
homeowners," said committee member Annetta Sanders, director of Section 8 for
the KHA.

The group met regularly through June 30. Since its last meeting, Murphy said the
committee is in the final stages of producing a resource guide for prospective
homebuyers, listing the local organizations they can turn to for help -- that
guide will be presented during the July 19 City Council meeting.

Committee member Linda McKnight of the Kinston-based non-profit N.C. Rural Fund
for Development is putting the guide together.

"It's really information to help our residents," McKnight said. "It's a guide to
help them locate the companies, individuals or organizations that offer
homebuyer education."

Murphy said two more initiatives came out of the committee meetings. The first
involves developing a comprehensive land-use and economic development plan for
the city that would identify the best areas for residential growth within city
limits.

The mayor said committee member and city Planning Director Amanda Engesether
reported that Kinston's last comprehensive plan was released in 1991.

Murphy said he and other committee members would look for outside sources of
funding for the plan to avoid using taxpayer dollars.

"Obviously there have been many plans for a particular issue here or there (but)
there has not been a plan that has looked at the overall economy of our
community," the mayor said.

The most recent plan for the community was the "vision plan" developed by the
Eastern Carolina Council of Governments in concert with local community leaders.

The vision plan, which was completed in the spring of 2008, called for greater
cooperation among local groups in pursuing grant funds for community projects.
As of last fall, though, the plan has not been implemented because of a lack of
city funds to do so.

That could change, though, with the third initiative of the Homeownership
Committee -- hosting a homeownership summit once the city's community
development planner is hired.

That position, which the city allocated funding for this year, involves seeking
out grants for community development projects.

Once the position is filled, the planner would meet with various organizations
and businesses dedicated to homeownership.

"There are plenty of opportunities within the city of Kinston's boundaries to
develop commercial and residential properties, and we're hoping that, to have
the community development planner as well as our planning director in
communication with these organizations, that it will speed up the potential for
development," Murphy said.

The bigger picture

Some committee members stressed, though, that it will take more than a greater
housing stock to increase homeownership in the city.

"People have got to first have stable jobs," Sanders said.

She added: "People are more comfortable with renting because if they ever lose
their job, or if they're not making the right type of income, it's easier to
rent than to buy, or some of them don't have the right type of credit to buy."

Derrick Middleton, a Realtor with Kinston's ERA Humphrey Realty Group --
Murphy's employer -- said the "first thing" is to have jobs, along with greater
investment in homebuyer and financial education, and an increased housing stock.

"But none of this is going to make a difference if the banks aren't going to
relax lending guidelines," he said. "It's really tough to get a mortgage now;
you have to walk a tightrope at this point."

Middleton said, to make it easier to walk that tightrope, homebuyers "really
need to understand credit as a lifestyle, and not just an isolated event when
you want to buy something."

Middleton, who has worked with homebuyer education programs himself, said buyers
should not only know how to acquire a home, but also how to keep and maintain
it.

"I think that what the mayor's committee identified spun off into many avenues
that are tangential to purchasing a home, and a good number of these tangential
issues will be focused on in the resolution for the comprehensive plan," he
said.

David Anderson can be reached at 252-559-1077 or danderson@freedomenc.com

BREAKOUT BOX:

The committee's resource guide for new homebuyers will be presented during the
July 19 Kinston City Council meeting. The public work session begins at 5:30
p.m. and the council meeting starts at 7 p.m. The meeting will take place at
City Hall, 207 E. King St. For more information call 252-939-3110.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100712-KI-New-homebuyers-20100712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2010 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

USA: Lt. Governor Skillman Names Greencastle, North Vernon Indiana's First
"Stellar Communities"

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, March 09 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press
release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman announced today that Greencastle and North Vernon
will be the pilot communities for the new multi-year, multi-million-dollar
Stellar Communities program.

Stellar Communities is a first of its kind collaboration initiated by Lt.
Governor Skillman between INDOT, the Office of Community and Rural Affairs, the
Indiana Housing and Community Development Agency, and the State Revolving Fund
to help fund communities' strategic plans.

"It's important for governments to stretch every dollar as far as possible.
Stellar Communities has taught us to be intentional and strategic in the way we
deliver grant funding to local governments," Lt. Governor Skillman said. "It
will help our agencies collaborate more, be more efficient, and make a bigger
impact with the dollars we have."

State agencies will invest an estimated $31 million in the two communities over
three years. The cities of Greencastle and North Vernon will invest an
additional $9 million in local and private funds.

Forty-two communities submitted proposals to become a pilot community. After
scoring the plans, the top twelve communities were asked to submit more details,
and site visits were conducted by staff from each agency. Lt. Governor Skillman
intends to continue Stellar Communities next year, and cities that did not win
this year may re-apply for future rounds.

Lt. Governor Skillman will travel to Greencastle for a celebration ceremony on
Thursday. Its plan will revitalize the downtown area; link the city more closely
with DePauw University; and improve the quality of life through new initiatives
in health, the arts, and technology.

"Stellar Communities will allow us to improve our city in ways that wouldn't
otherwise be possible," Greencastle Mayor Susan Murray said. "With this help, we
will create the next great college town in Indiana."

North Vernon, the only city between Muscatatuck Urban Training Center and
Interstate 65, will use their funds to become an economic hub for the defense
industry. Planned improvements include a new event center, a pedestrian plaza,
improvements to the Irish Hill neighborhood, and creating more commercial
opportunities on Main Street. Lt. Governor Skillman will hold a celebration in
North Vernon on Friday.

"Our region is not able to take full advantage of Muscatatuck without a vibrant
North Vernon," Mayor Harold "Soup" Campbell said. "Without Stellar Communities,
we would certainly lose out on millions of dollars of economic activity."

Funding for the initiatives comes from multiple existing federal funds. State
agencies will continue to offer grant programs to local units of government not
participating in Stellar Communities.

Details on the community celebrations will be announced later this week.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.c Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      March 25, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago Names Impact Seven Community First Fund
Partner; Impact Seven Receives $7 Million, 10-Year Loan

LENGTH: 640  words


March 25 -- The Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago (Bank) today announced that
Impact Seven, a nonprofit Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI)
headquartered in Almena, Wisconsin, has been named a partner of the Community
First Fund and is the recipient of a $7 million, 10-year loan. The Community
First Fund is a $50 million revolving loan fund that provides direct support to
CDFIs, community development loan funds, and state housing finance agencies
serving Illinois and Wisconsin.

"We are delighted to have Impact Seven as a Community First Fund partner," said
Suzi Thackston, Community Investment Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago.
"The Bank has supported Impact Seven's mission to provide affordable housing
through our competitive Affordable Housing Program, and now our Community First
Fund partnership enables us to also support the organization's business
development initiatives."

Impact Seven helps economically distressed communities by providing services and
development in business, housing, and property management. The organization
offers flexible financing to bridge development gaps in communities facing
credit risks that preclude traditional loans. Over the past five years, Impact
Seven has directly financed more than $43 million in over 100 business expansion
and housing projects across Wisconsin, more than half of which are located in
rural areas. These investments have helped to create or preserve 2,650 jobs and
250 units of quality, affordable housing.

"Over the next decade, the success and viability of mission-based lenders such
as Impact Seven will be defined by access to affordable, long-term capital,"
said Brett Gerber, CEO, Impact Seven. "The Community First Fund is a game
changer for the community development industry-one that is expertly tailored to
meet the needs of CDFIs at the intersection of mission-based investing and
community banking. Impact Seven is proud to partner with the Federal Home Loan
Bank of Chicago and to be a part of this innovative financing solution."

Funding will be used by Impact Seven to provide flexible loan capital for
business expansion to foster job creation and investment in low-income
communities; a portion of the funds will also support its affordable housing
loan programs. Impact Seven expects to leverage the funds with loans from
Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago member institutions to support the creation or
retention of at least 700 jobs and/or up to 100 units of affordable housing over
the term of the loan.

"Affordable Housing Program grants from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago
have supported dozens of Impact Seven's affordable housing developments," added
Gerber. "With the creation of the Community First Fund, the Bank is meeting our
needs for long-term, affordable capital."

"Impact Seven helps expand opportunities for underserved communities in both
rural towns and urban areas," said Thackston. "We look forward to our continued
work with Impact Seven and are excited to see the results of this investment."

The Community First Fund is unique in the Federal Home Loan Bank System and
provides organizations with lower-interest-rate, longer-term financing that
focuses on expanding their capacity for affordable housing and economic
development lending in the communities they serve. Because the Community First
Fund is a revolving loan fund, the Bank expects to be able to continue lending
as loans are repaid, extending the life of the fund. The Community First Fund is
separate from the Bank's Community Investment Cash Advances lending program. In
addition, it is funded separately from the Bank's traditional grant programs-the
competitive Affordable Housing Program and Downpayment Plus Programs-which will
continue to be funded by the Bank's previous year's net earnings.

Source: Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 14, 2005 Monday
                                  All Editions

Mainers to defend CDBG

BYLINE: DIANA BOWLEY OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 916 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


Maine Municipal Association delegates hope to make it loud and clear to
congressional leaders this week that the Bush administration should not tinker
with the Community Development Block Grant program.

In his 2006 budget, President Bush proposes to consolidate some of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development's programs - such as the CDBG
program - with the Department of Commerce to eliminate duplicative efforts. His
proposed plan also would likely eliminate rural housing and economic development
programs, state officials say.

If the CDBG program is merged with the federal commerce department, supporters
say that department would favor its programs and let the CDBG program slide.
Maine communities, therefore, would be at risk of losing about $32 million
dollars in block grant funds a year, they claim.

The furor raised over the possibility has not been lost on the Maine Municipal
Association, which this week will send delegates to the National League of
Cities Congressional City Conference in Washington, D.C. The CDBG and other HUD
programs will be at the top of the agenda when MMA officials meet with the
state's representatives this week, Michael Starn, MMA's communication director,
said Friday.

"It's really one [program] that they've gotten the bang for the buck in Maine,"
Starn said. Communities that receive the funds can tailor their programs to meet
the needs of their residents, he said.

Support for the program has not fallen on deaf ears in Washington, D.C.

U.S. Sen. Susan Collins this month outlined the importance of the grants in a
letter she wrote to the Senate Budget Committee. She noted that the CDBG funds
awarded each year allow communities to pursue infrastructure improvement
projects and community economic development initiatives that otherwise would be
unaffordable.

"If the administration's proposed cuts to CDBG are enacted, I am concerned that
communities in Maine will no longer have access to this critical stream of
funding," Collins wrote. "Further, the elimination of the Community Services
Block Grant funding will place current projects in Maine at risk and will also
make it difficult for Maine's Community Action Agencies to mobilize new
initiatives." CSBG funds are provided to a network of local agencies for the
reduction of poverty.

Facing a potential loss of $1.2 million in federal grant money, Bangor city
councilors adopted a resolution earlier this month expressing support for the
CDBG program.

"We need to restore that," Council Chairman Frank Farrington said at the time.
"It's an important part of our infrastructure. Bangor relies on it. It's been a
wonderful government program which needs to be in there."

In Dover-Foxcroft, where nearly $2.8 million in block grants have aided the town
and surrounding communities in a variety of projects since 1992, the Bush
administration's proposal is unsettling. Municipal officials also have forwarded
a resolution of program support to government leaders.

"It's provided a tremendous amount ... for housing repairs for low-income
residents in the area," Dover-Foxcroft Town Manager Jack Clukey said Friday.

Some of the low-income homeowners who have been assisted have been without
indoor plumbing or have lived with pails inside their homes to catch the
rainwater dripping through inadequate roofs, according to Ron Harriman of
Harriman Associates of Bangor.

Harriman, a grant writer and administrator of CDBG funds in Piscataquis County
and Penobscot County towns, said the competitive funds have been used to improve
sewer and water lines and construct playgrounds, as well as for economic
development projects, waterfront improvements, housing rehabilitation and a
myriad of other projects. Since 1982, Penobscot County has received more than
$27 million, and Piscataquis County has won more than $11 million in CDBG funds,
he noted.

Harriman said the jobs developed through the opening of a Creative Apparel
factory in Pine Crest Business Park and a new assisted-living center on outer
Park Street, both in Dover-Foxcroft, likely would not have been created without
the CDBG program.

A sampling of CDBG awards made this year to Maine communities, big and small,
include the following:

.  $500,000 for water system improvements and $500,000 for downtown improvements
in Caribou.

.  $40,000 for renovation of the community center in Brighton Plantation.

.  $300,000 for a Head Start center in Unity.

.  $300,000 for a community learning center in Washington County.

.  $300,000 for a community center in Bradford.

.  $500,000 for sewer system improvements in Ellsworth.

Harriman predicted that if the CDBG program is consolidated with Commerce, which
has budget problems of its own, it would be the demise of these types of
programs as they now operate. What bothers Harriman and municipal officials is
that no details have been delivered by the president or his staff on what effect
the consolidation would have on the program.

"What's being proposed is to throw away a program for something that is a
complete unknown," Harriman said. "It would be one thing if it was fixing
something that was broken, but that's not the case here. The Bush administration
is proposing to eliminate something that works and develop a new program without
providing anyone with any details."

Starn of the MMA went one step further.

"They're nickeling and diming the domestic side of the budget and causing pain
and suffering in communities that have come to rely on this program to do very
important projects," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 23, 2017 Thursday

County awarded $969K grants for industrial readiness

BYLINE: Heather Mullinix, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1121 words


March 23--Two Cumberland County economic development projects were awarded state
grants by the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development.

Crossville Interchange Business Park was awarded $500,000 for construction of a
200,000-square-foot building pad while Plateau Partnership Park in eastern
Cumberland County was awarded $469,350 for development of access roads to the
property and grading for a proposed wastewater treatment facility at the site.

"A 200,000-square-foot pad puts us in the game," said Brad Allamong, president
of the Crossville-Cumberland County Chamber of Commerce. "With that and Plateau
Partnership Park, we can accommodate just about any request we get, and that's a
good spot to be in."

The two grants are among 18 grants announced Thursday, with a total in $6.2
million in Site Development Grants awarded. The program is part of the 2016
Rural Economic Opportunity Act, intended to help communities prepare industrial
sites for businesses.

"Providing more opportunities for citizens in rural Tennessee is one of our top
priorities, and with the assistance of the Site Development Grants, the rural
communities receiving these grants will be ready for investment and economic
success," Gov. Bill Haslam said. "We are strengthening our future workforce
throughout programs like Tennessee Promise, and I look forward to seeing these
18 communities succeed and grow for the next generation of Tennesseans."

Tennessee Economic and Community Development Commissioner Bob Rolfe said, "These
grants are designed to assist rural Tennessee communities to be better equipped
for economic growth."

The Crossville Interchange Business Park project will allow for construction of
a 200,000-square-foot building pad, about 255 parking spaces, and a
250-by-140-foot truck area. The city of Crossville owns the 20-acre property
just north of Interstate 40 off Hwy. 127.

Estimated cost of site work for the land is $914,000, including engineering,
excavation, erosion control and geotechnical work. Allamong said both the
Crossville City Council and Cumberland County Commission approved funds to
complete the project and provide the required 30-percent local match.

During a December meeting of the Cumberland County Commission, which supported
the grant application, Cumberland County Mayor Kenneth Carey Jr. told
commissioners the city-owned property had a manufacturing company visit the site
three times, "but just couldn't visualize the plant there with the hills."

Allamong told the Chronicle most requests they have seen in the past three years
have been for building sites for 100,000 to 200,000 square feet. Industries
often timelines of when they want to be operational of about a year.

"Anybody can nail a sign up for industrial property for sale," Allamong said,
noting there are lots of "greenfield" industrial sites available.

However, being "ready" for development includes ensuring those sites have
adequate utilities, highways and incentives in place so that construction and
development can go more quickly.

"The closer you are to offering something they can see -- they can build
whatever they want," Allamong said.

He noted the building pad in Crossville Interchange Business Park would not
include concrete so that industries could customize the property to their needs.

He added the city and county needed to determine a few guidelines for the site
-- like if it can be further subdivided, if there would be a target number of
jobs created, or if the land would be given to an industrial prospect or paid
for to recoup the cost of the site development.

"Then we could leverage this money to the next opportunity," Allamong told the
Chronicle.

There are currently smaller building pads available in Crossville Interchange
Business Park, as well. Those are about 30,000 square feet in size.

Plateau Partnership Park is a joint economic development project between
Cumberland, Morgan and Roane counties. The park has a total of 1,080 acres with
access to Interstate 40. There is also easy access to rail and the Rockwood
Municipal Airport. About 800 acres of the site are located in Cumberland County.

The program is part of the Select Tennessee Program. Cumberland County had
success in early rounds of the program -- it was one of six counties selected to
take part in the Select Tennessee Property Evaluation Program in 2015.

That process looked at available industrial sites as well as the overall
community to help recruiters put their best foot forward when attempting to
attract industrial investment.

In that report, site selection firm Austin Consulting found Crossville
Interchange Business Park needed to address lack of development standards and
road congestion along N. Main St. The entrance to the park is located at the
point where Hwy. 127 N. merges from two lanes northbound to one lane.

The firm suggested the county stay active with Plateau Partnership Park and seek
incremental improvements that will move the park towards being "shovel ready."

Last month, the Chamber announced it had contracted with Younger and Associates
of Jackson, TN, to perform a targeted industry analysis and workforce
development strategy study for the county.

Mayberry, in a statement sent to local media, praised the cooperation between
the city, county and Chamber in working toward industrial development. He also
noted the Horizon Initiative -- launched in 2015 as a collaborative project
between local municipalities, the county, Chamber, and educational agencies --
helped to develop a comprehensive strategy for community growth.

"We look forward to what the future holds for Crossville and Cumberland County
in this next step in economic and industrial development," he said.

Carey told the Chronicle Friday, "I'm eleated that Cumberland County recieved
not only one but two grants."

He added the project at Crossville Interchange Business Park would enhance the
community's ability to market the park, helping prospects visualize their
facility.

"It will give us an advantage in responding to those requests for proposals,"
Carey said.

Other grant recipients include Fentress County and Rhea County. The Clarkrange
Regional Business Park was awarded $500,000 to upgrade about 7,300 feet of
waterline to the park in southern Fentress County. The Rhea County Rail Hub
Industrial Development Project received $500,000 for rough grading of an access
road.

Heather Mullinix is assistant editor of the Crossville Chronicle. She covers
schools and education in Cumberland County. She may be reached at
hmullinix@crossville-chronicle.com

___ (c)2017 the Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170323-XV-County-awarded-969K-grants
-for-industrial-readiness-0323-20170323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2017 Crossville Chronicle


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                October 24, 2000

Town is 'well placed' to win share of GBP 40m

SECTION: News: Environment, Pg.20

LENGTH: 271 words


boost: Government plan to revitalise rural areas

Oakham is hoping to win a share of the GBP 40 million planned to be allocated by
the Government to revitalise rural market towns.

Civic organisations in the town are confident of success because of survey work
already carried out in the past year.

The proposal is designed to help communities blighted by high land prices and
the decline of agriculture.

Neville Wilkinson, head of strategic policy and community development for
Rutland County Council, said: "We anticipated there would be a national
initiative to provide aid to market towns.

"For this reason a great deal of preparatory work has been done in Oakham so the
town is in a good position to apply for available grants when the Bill is
passed.

"This aid will fund strategies such as increasing tourism to ensure Oakham
retains its vitality as Rutland's county town well into the 21st century."

Part of the preparatory work has been to set up the Oakham Town Centre
Management Group whose membership consists of representatives from the county
council, Oakham Town Council and the Oakham and District Chamber of Trade.

The Civic Trust Regeneration Unit has also been involved in carrying out a
10-month study to identify issues in the town which need to be addressed.

These include:

- Improving traffic flows and the town centre environment

- Increasing tourism

- Promoting vibrancy and culture

- Providing town centre management.

Group member and county councillor Joyce Lucas said: "Oakham depends largely on
tourism so we must grasp every opportunity to encourage visitors to the town."

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2000 Leicester Mercury


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

Four days of biking in Batesville

BYLINE: Debbie Blank, The Herald-Tribune, Batesville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 934 words


Aug. 08--October will be the time to feel the wind in your hair.

Velo in the Ville: Get Psyched About Bikes will be a four-day blockbuster Oct.
8-11. The initiative is sponsored by the city of Batesville, Batesville Main
Street, St. Andrews Health Campus and Margaret Mary Health.

The family-friendly fitness event's name is a catchy shorthand for Bike in
Batesville (velo is French for bicycle), reports community development director
Sarah Lamping.

Three separate activities aligned to become a bike celebration. Lamping recalls,
"First of all, St. Andrews Health Campus, owned by Trilogy Health Services,
decided to have health initiatives among their different facilities. They pick a
nonprofit in the community in which they reside" to benefit financially. "At the
same time, we were coming out of our Active Living Workshop (in Batesville in
April, coordinated by the state of Indiana) and wanted to move forward ... with
National Walk to School Day. Fortunately enough, the dates coincided."

Organizers knew the bikeathon was meant to be when Batesville Main Street and
the city of Batesville were awarded a $5,659 matching grant in early July from
the Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs for a streetscape project that
will include bike racks, benches and planters.

"We are in the planning stages for the first three days," according to the
director. MMH intern Gretchen Wilder is the chief planner at this stage.

"Batesville will participate in National Walk and Bike to School Day Wednesday,
Oct. 8. This is completely optional," the DePauw University sophomore points
out. Students at Batesville public schools, St. Louis School and possibly
Oldenburg Academy will be invited to participate. Because many OA students
commute from longer distances, "we're thinking of high school students welcoming
the little kids into the schools ... just to kind of make it more fun."

Younger students who live miles from their schools, but would like to get some
exercise as part of a national movement can be dropped off at designated meeting
spots. Volunteers -- parents, grandparents, teachers and neighbors -- will
escort kids on about a mile walk to school. The initiative is sponsored by the
National Center for Safe Routes to School of the University of North Carolina
Highway Safety Research Center (www.walkbiketoschool.org/).

Thursday, Oct. 9, starting at 4:30 p.m. the action will be downtown in the
parking lot behind Christian's Kinder Laden. Community members -- hopefully on
their bikes -- will gather around the new racks for a ribbon cutting and massive
photo. Decorations for bikes, sidewalk chalk and treats from the Biker Dude Ice
Cream truck will add to the fun. At a bike swap, participants can bring used
bikes, parts or anything bike related, like helmets, to sell, trade or donate.

Friday, Oct. 10, is the day designated for people to ride their bikes to
downtown restaurants and park at the new racks.

Four noncompetitive bike rides of varying lengths will begin and end Saturday,
Oct. 11, at St. Andrews Health Campus, 1400 Lammers Pike, according to planner
Liz Kellerman, the community service representative there. "We're very excited
about it. It's going to be great for the community."

Registration begins at 8 a.m. At 9 a.m. individuals, families and friends will
set off on routes they've selected of either six, 13, 22 or 42 miles.

Several of the longer routes have enticing rest stops. Cyclists can munch on
fresh fruit at the Pearl Street Pub in Oldenburg or linger at Ertel Cellars
Winery's annual fest south of Batesville.

The $30 fee includes a T-shirt and grill-out at St. Andrews Health Campus. The
fee is $25 without the shirt. Proceeds benefit the Margaret Mary Health
Foundation.

Persons can register at www.mmhealth.org/events/150.html or signmeup.com/. After
Aug. 15, forms will be available at St. Andrews Health Campus, MMH, Batesville
Area Chamber of Commerce and The Herald-Tribune.

Wilder has been working on Velo in the Ville: Get Psyched About Bikes two days a
week at the hospital since late June. "For me, it's kind of my first real job. I
came into it not really knowing what to expect. I've had to learn a lot .... I'm
contacting a lot of people in the community. It's fun to see everyone working
together and this is a great cause."

"Right now I'm trying to get more people involved," she reports. Persons who
want to volunteer may contact Wilder by e-mailing gretchen.wilder@mmhealth.org
or Lamping by calling 933-6113.

Batesville can become certified as a Bicycle Friendly Community by the League of
American Bicyclists (http://bikeleague.org/) after accomplishments have been
finished, according to Wilder. "It's something I think Batesville can do pretty
easily. This event will meet a lot of the criteria."

Requirements can range from involvement in a Walk and Bike to School Day and
installing bike racks to having bike route maps and paved sidewalks. Restaurants
to which diners can safely bike and park can become certified, too.

Why should people get Velo in the Ville on their October calendars? Lamping
answers, "It all goes back to the premise about why we had the Active Living
Workshop. We are an active community. We're always looking for opportunities to
better our health." The four partners have come together to promote active
lifestyles and "get people excited about it!"

Debbie Blank can be contacted at debbie.blank@batesvilleheraldtribune.com or
812-934-4343, Ext. 113.

___ (c)2014 The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Ind.) Visit The Herald-Tribune
(Batesville, Ind.) at www.batesvilleheraldtribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140808-HZ-Four-days-of-biking-in-Batesville-0808-20140808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Herald-Tribune


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

PG&E Awards $200,000 to Drive Job Creation in California Communities

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 SanFrancisco: Pacific Gas and Electric Company has issued the following news
release:



   Local community vitality and economic development programs just received a
boost through Pacific Gas and Electric Company's (PG&E) Better Together Giving
Programs. PG&E is awarding a total of $200,000 in Economic Vitality Grants to 10
worthy local community organizations. Each organization will receive $20,000 to
help grow a specific program or project focused on local business development,
job creation or workforce training.





 "PG&E supports organizations that are committed to creating local jobs and
training workers because they're making life better for their families, our
communities and California as a whole," said PG&E Senior Vice President of
External Affairs and Public Policy Helen Burt.



 The funding determinations for this grant program were competitive, with more
than 200 applications received. All applications were evaluated by a third party
that based its recommendations on a combination of factors, including the
strength of the plans presented, demonstrable links to job creation and
community need.



 The Northern Rural Communities Development, Inc. (NRCD) was selected as one of
this year's grant winners for the organization's high school and career
"train-the-trainer" classes on manufacturing technology, and identifying
potential manufacturing sites in Oroville.



 "This grant will help the Grow Manufacturing Initiative support and expand our
North State manufacturing sector, and support the next generation manufacturing
workforce," said Michael Cross, executive director of NRCD.



 Eligible grantees for this PG&E Corporation shareholder-funded program included
local government organizations, educational institutions and 501(c) 3 nonprofit
organizations within the company's 70,000-square-mile service area.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

PG&E Awards $200,000 to Drive Job Creation in California Communities

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 SanFrancisco: Pacific Gas and Electric Company has issued the following news
release:



   Local community vitality and economic development programs just received a
boost through Pacific Gas and Electric Company's (PG&E) Better Together Giving
Programs. PG&E is awarding a total of $200,000 in Economic Vitality Grants to 10
worthy local community organizations. Each organization will receive $20,000 to
help grow a specific program or project focused on local business development,
job creation or workforce training.





 "PG&E supports organizations that are committed to creating local jobs and
training workers because they're making life better for their families, our
communities and California as a whole," said PG&E Senior Vice President of
External Affairs and Public Policy Helen Burt.



 The funding determinations for this grant program were competitive, with more
than 200 applications received. All applications were evaluated by a third party
that based its recommendations on a combination of factors, including the
strength of the plans presented, demonstrable links to job creation and
community need.



 The Northern Rural Communities Development, Inc. (NRCD) was selected as one of
this year's grant winners for the organization's high school and career
"train-the-trainer" classes on manufacturing technology, and identifying
potential manufacturing sites in Oroville.



 "This grant will help the Grow Manufacturing Initiative support and expand our
North State manufacturing sector, and support the next generation manufacturing
workforce," said Michael Cross, executive director of NRCD.



 Eligible grantees for this PG&E Corporation shareholder-funded program included
local government organizations, educational institutions and 501(c) 3 nonprofit
organizations within the company's 70,000-square-mile service area.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

PG&E Awards $200,000 to Drive Job Creation in California Communities

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 SanFrancisco: Pacific Gas and Electric Company has issued the following news
release:



   Local community vitality and economic development programs just received a
boost through Pacific Gas and Electric Company's (PG&E) Better Together Giving
Programs. PG&E is awarding a total of $200,000 in Economic Vitality Grants to 10
worthy local community organizations. Each organization will receive $20,000 to
help grow a specific program or project focused on local business development,
job creation or workforce training.





 "PG&E supports organizations that are committed to creating local jobs and
training workers because they're making life better for their families, our
communities and California as a whole," said PG&E Senior Vice President of
External Affairs and Public Policy Helen Burt.



 The funding determinations for this grant program were competitive, with more
than 200 applications received. All applications were evaluated by a third party
that based its recommendations on a combination of factors, including the
strength of the plans presented, demonstrable links to job creation and
community need.



 The Northern Rural Communities Development, Inc. (NRCD) was selected as one of
this year's grant winners for the organization's high school and career
"train-the-trainer" classes on manufacturing technology, and identifying
potential manufacturing sites in Oroville.



 "This grant will help the Grow Manufacturing Initiative support and expand our
North State manufacturing sector, and support the next generation manufacturing
workforce," said Michael Cross, executive director of NRCD.



 Eligible grantees for this PG&E Corporation shareholder-funded program included
local government organizations, educational institutions and 501(c) 3 nonprofit
organizations within the company's 70,000-square-mile service area.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                     December 1, 1999, Wednesday Edition 1

Moves to encourage Lifelong Learning -;
Scheme bringing together advice

BYLINE:  By Rik Kendall

SECTION: THE DIFFERENCE, Pg. 43

LENGTH: 350 words

PLANS for a new grant aimed at encouraging people to increase their skills and
qualifications have just been unveiled.  The new Lifelong Learning Partnership
in Northumberland is the force behind the new scheme to bring together a range
of advice providers to create a totally comprehensive information service. This
new Information, Advice and Guidance network is supported by Northumberland
Guidance Company, which will administer the funding.  They are inviting
organisations in rural areas to apply for Company Development Grants and are
looking for innovative ideas to increase the number of adults taking part in
Lifelong Learning.  John Cooke, managing director of Northumberland Guidance
Company, said there were now so many ways for people to learn new skills,
whether it was to boost their job prospects or enhance their leisure time. But
the increase in opportunities often meant that people needed more information,
advice and guidance about which provision would be best for them.  There were
also many new ways of meeting the costs and the service will be able to advise
callers about accessing free provision or applying for grants.  He added: "By
bringing together all the existing providers of education training, information
and guidance in the county, we hope to take the lottery out of finding the right
opportunity.  "Whichever organisation in the network is contacted they will
either give the help needed or signpost the client to other organisations who
will be able to provide the advice and guidance required. Through increasing the
quality of the information, advice and guidance available we hope that more
people will choose to return to learning." The launch of the initiative will be
at the Holiday Inn, Seaton Burn, this Friday, December 3. Jacqui Henderson, the
chief executive of the TEC National Council, will be attending as a guest
speaker.  Any organisation wanting further details of the Community Development
Grants can obtain them from Jen Aynsley or Cathy Jacob at Northumberland
Guidance Company Ltd, the Careers Service on [01670] 361-361.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1999 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 10, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

SCORECARD OF CLINTON'S 1995 BUDGET REQUESTS

Eric Pianin

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 2018 words


After Congress reviewed President Clinton's fiscal 1995 budget request, the big
winners in the 13 appropriations bills were transportation, prisons and the
National Institutes of Health; the big loser was Russia, losing assistance worth
$ 1.58 billion. Cuts and increases represent difference from fiscal '94 levels.
A roundup by agency and program:


Agriculture and Rural Development

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 70.9 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 68.4 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 68.0 billion


* Top cuts

Low-income housing loans levels ...... -$ 550 million

Rural rental housing loan levels ..... -$ 320 million

Operating loan levels ................ -$ 200 million

Export enhancement program ........... -$ 200 million

Watershed and flood prevention ....... -$ 151 million


**Top increases

Women and Infants program (WIC) ...... $ 260 million

Industrial development loan level ...  $ 251 million

Section 502 low-income housing ....... $ 250 million

REA Treasury rate telephone loans ....  $ 99 million

Rural rental assistance ............... $ 76 million



Commerce, Justice, State and Judiciary

Fiscal '94 Appropriation ............ $ 24.17 billion

Clinton request ..................... $ 27.75 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage ............ $ 26.83 billion


* Top cuts

USIA salaries and expenses ........... -$ 252 million

Maritime Administration .............. -$ 148 million

NOAA/fleet modernization .............. -$ 54 million

SBA business loans .................... -$ 23 million

Support of U.S. prisoners ............. -$ 15 million


** Top increases

Community policing (cop on beat) ..... $ 1.3 billion

Federal prison system ................ $ 417 million

Immigration initiative ............... $ 284 million

SBA/business loans/guaranteed loans ... $ 296 million

NIST/advanced technology program ..... $ 232 million



District of Columbia

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 700 million

Clinton request ....................... $ 722 million

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 712 million

** Top increase

Increase in federal payment .......... $ 29 million



Defense

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 239.46 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 244.46 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 243.62 billion


* Top cuts

LHD amphibious ship .................. -$ 894 million

National defense sealift fund ........ -$ 817 million

Military personnel, Navy ............. -$ 762 million

Military personnel, Army ............. -$ 686 million

F/A-18 fighter aircraft procurement... -$ 630 million


** Top increases

Army operation and maintenance ....... $ 1.7 billion

Navy operation and maintenance ....... $ 1.2 billion

Operation and maintenance defense-wide .. $ 1 billion

Navy aircraft carrier replacement ...... $ 1 billion

Navy V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft ........ $ 457 million



Energy and Water Development

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 21.87 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 20.51 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 20.49 billion


* Top cuts

Superconducting Super Collider ....... -$ 640 million

U.S. Army Corps/general investigations -$ 417 million

Nuclear weapons activities ........... -$ 366 million

Nuclear materials support ............ -$ 188 million

Defense environmental restorations .... -$ 89 million


** Top increases

Nuclear waste disposal fund .......... $ 133 million

Solar and renewable .................. $ 40 million

Appalachian Regional Commission ....... $ 33 million

Biological and environmental research .. $ 28 million

Non-defense environmental restoration .. $ 27 million



Foreign Operations

Fiscal '94 Appropriation ............... $ 13.7 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 13.82 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 13.67 billion


* Top cuts

Assistance to former USSR ............ -$ 1.58 billion

Inter-American Development Bank ....... -$ 28 million

Asian Development Bank ................. -$ 13 million


** Top increases

International Development Association . $ 211 million

Overseas Private Investment Corp. loans $ 125 million

Asian Development Fund ............... $ 105 million

European Bank ......................... $ 69 million

Global Environment Facility/World Bank.  $ 60 million



Interior

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 13.81 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 13.71 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 13.57 billion


* Top cuts

Energy Department/clean coal technology -$ 188 million

Strategic Petroleum Reserve ........... -$ 54 million

Forest Service/construction ........... -$ 50 million

Indian Health Service/construction .... -$ 43 million

Bureau of Indian Affairs/construction .. -$ 37 million


** Top increases

Indian Health Service/health services .. $ 67 million

Bureau of Indian Affairs/programs ..... $ 36 million

Forest Service/emergency firefighting .. $ 36 million

Energy conservation/building .......... $ 35 million

Smithsonian Institution ............... $ 30 million



Labor, Health and Human Services

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 261.85 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 254.26 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 252.98 billion


* Top cuts

Low-income home energy assistance ... -$ 118 million

Education impact aid ................. -$ 70 million

Labor Dept. youth training ........... -$ 60 million

Chapter 2 education ................. -$ 22 million

Substance abuse treatment ............ -$ 20 million


** Top increases

National Institutes of Health ........ $ 396 million

Education Department Chapter 1 program $ 321 million

Education Department Goals 2000 ...... $ 298 million

Head Start ........................... $ 210 million

Social Security administrative expenses $ 161 million



Legislative Branch

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 2.35 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 2.6 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 2.45 billion


* Top cuts

House franked mail ................... -$ 9 million

Senate operations .................... -$ 6 million


** Top increases

House of Representatives ............. $ 42 million

General Accounting Office ............ $ 19 million

Other congressional offices .......... $ 16 million

Library of Congress .................. $ 13 million

Joint items .......................... $ 7 million



Military Construction

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 9.46 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 8.34 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 8.83 billion


* Top cuts

Base realignment and closure/part two . -$ 1.1 billion

Military construction, Air Force ..... -$ 450 million

Military construction, Army .......... -$ 320 million

Military construction, Navy .......... -$ 160 million

Military construction,Army National Guard -$ 107 million


** Top increases

Base realignment and closure/part three $ 1.68 billion

Family housing, Navy and

Marine Corps, maintenance............. $ 206 million

Family housing construction, Air Force. $ 90 million

Family housing maintenance, Air Force. $ 89 million



Transportation

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 13.57 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 13.78 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 14.26 billion


* Top cuts

Federal aid for highways (obligated) .. -$ 430 million

Grants-in-aid for airports ........... -$ 240 million

DOT procurement ..................... -$ 65 million

Discretionary grants ................. -$ 60 million

FAA facilities and equipment ......... -$ 33 million


** Top increases

Surface transportation projects ...... $ 196 million

Federal aid for highways (exempt) .... $ 151 million

Federal Transit Administration

formula grants ........................ $ 85 million

Federal Highway Administration

general operations .................... $ 56 million

Amtrak operations ..................... $ 53 million



Treasury, Postal Service

and General Government

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 22.74 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 24.24 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 23.34 billion


** Top cuts

GSA construction .................... -$ 323 million

IRS processing tax returns .......... -$ 186 million

IRS information systems .............. -$ 83 million

Financial Management Service ......... -$ 26 million

Treasury Forfeiture Fund ............. -$ 18 million


** Top increases

IRS tax law enforcement ............. $ 377 million

GSA repairs and alteration .......... $ 197 million

GSA real property operations ......... $ 84 million

IRS administration and management .... $ 58 million

GSA rental of space .................. $ 56 million



VA, HUD and Independent Agencies

Fiscal '94 Appropriation ............. $ 88.51 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 90.1 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage ............. $ 90.56 billion


** Top cuts

HUD Section 8 contract renewal ....... -$ 1.9 billion

NASA ................................. -$ 551 million

HUD severely distressed public housing. -$ 278 million

HUD Section 8 amendments ............. -$ 140 million

HUD Hope grants ....................... -$ 59 million


** Top increases

HUD assisted housing ................. $ 1.9 billion

VA medical care ...................... $ 610 million

EPA water infrastructure ............. $ 485 million

NASA national aeronautical facilities . $ 400 million

HUD homeless assistance .............. $ 297 million



Grand totals:

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 782 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 783 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 779 billion


FIGURES REPRESENT BUDGET AUTHORITY AND INCLUDE DISCRETIONARY AND MANDATORY
SPENDING


Program Terminations:

Agriculture

* Water bank program

* Agricultural resource conservation demonstration program

* Supervisory and technical assistance grants

* Emergency community water assistance grants

* Low-income housing (Section 502)

* Soil and water loan level

* Conservation loan level

* Water and sewer facility loan level

* Credit sales of acquired property loan level



Commerce-Justice-State

* U.S. bilateral science and technology agreements



Defense

* Certain Navy helicopter procurement

* Certain flight test and launch activities



District of Columbia

* Federal contribution for crime and youth initiatives



Energy and Water

* Advanced liquid metal reactor



Foreign Operations

* Multilateral assistance initiative for the Philippines



Labor-HHS-Education

* Job training for homeless -- regular program

* Drug abuse campus program

* Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration building and
facilities

* Community Services Block Grant technical assistance

* Drug-free school postsecondary education programs

* General assistance to the Virgin Islands

* Territorial teacher training

* Follow Through

* Gallaudet University construction

* Bilingual vocational training

* Assistance to Guam

* Women and minority participation in graduate education

* FIRST -- Grants for schools and teachers

* FIRST -- Family-school partnership

* Blue ribbon schools

* College library technology

* Research libraries



Legislative

* Copyright royalty tribunal



Transportation

* FAA microwave landing systems

* FAA Sunday premium pay

* FAA transient crew security system

* National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Section 153 safety
belt/motorcycle use grants and Section 408 alcohol incentive grants



VA-HUD

* HUD-Capacity building for community development affordable housing

* HUD national cities in schools in community development

SOURCE: House Appropriations Committee


LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, TOBEY

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, LIST

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             July 13, 1993 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CLINTON SCALES DOWN LOAN PLAN FOR INNER CITY DEVELOPMENT

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Clinton will unveil a scaled-back loan program for credit-starved
inner cities and rural areas this week, administration and industry officials
said Monday.

The $382 million to foster housing, small business and development over

four years is not nearly as ambitious as the plan he spoke of during the

campaign. It is less than half the $850 million over five years that aides had
proposed just before the inauguration.

The White House has tentatively scheduled a ceremony to propose the

program formally on Thursday, the day after Clinton returns from the economic
summit in Japan and vacation in Hawaii, according to government officials,

bankers and consumer advocates invited to attend.

Later in the day, Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen, Housing Secretary

Henry Cisneros and Comptroller of the Currency Eugene Ludwig are scheduled to
appear before the Senate Banking Committee to answer questions about the plan. A
draft message to Congress prepared for Clinton's signature urges early

enactment of a proposed Community Development Banking and Financial

Institutions Act of 1993 and asks lawmakers not to let the bill get delayed by
contentious financial service issues such as interstate banking.

"In too many urban and rural communities, there is a lack of capital and

credit. . . . This initiative reaffirms my commitment to helping communities

help themselves," the presidential message to Congress said.

The draft and related documents were obtained by The Associated Press.

The bill would authorize $60 million next year and a total of $382 million
through 1997 for a national fund to be administered by a nine-member board.

The fund would provide seed capital and grants to create new community

development banks and to support existing community organizations, which lend
for a wide variety of purposes ranging from cooperative housing to mom-and-pop
businesses.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 27, 2008 Friday

Crawford County Board addresses flood insurance

BYLINE: Norb Aschom For the TH

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 262 words


PRAIRIE DU CHIEN, Wis. - Some Wisconsin communities don't have flood insurance,
"and they're paying the price for it today," said Crawford County Board Chairman
Ron Leys, beginning a recent board meeting.

Leys said the city of Boscobel missed a deadline on an application for a
$650,000 grant, but the chairman said Crawford County is in "good standing."

The board declared that a state of emergency had existed in the county because
of this month's flooding. Crawford, Grant, Iowa, Richland and more than 15 other
Wisconsin counties were declared federal disaster areas. Thirty counties were
declared by Gov. Jim Doyle to be in a state of emergency.

On a related note, the county fair will go on as scheduled, including a parade
through downtown Gays Mills.

"Residents need a break," said board member Pete Flesch.

Gays Mills suffered significant damage in this month's floods.

In other Crawford County Board business, Laura Brown, community development
educator at Crawford County UW-Extension, reported on a one-day conference on
Growing Community Wealth in Rural Wisconsin. It involves setting up a community
foundation, transferring wealth to the next generation and using money for
initiatives like scholarships, downtown improvements, business development,
leadership training and library improvements.

And the Wisconsin Job Center as it is known in Crawford County is changing.
Because of federal funding cuts and state budget pressures, staff and resources
are being shifted to a major, comprehensive job center in La Crosse. Some
services will be offered in Crawford County.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Greencastle selected as 'stellar' community

BYLINE: Lisa Trigg, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 728 words


March 11--GREENCASTLE -- When Greencastle Mayor Sue Murray telephoned DePauw
University President Brian Casey to say that she was "stellar" on Monday, a
collective cheer echoed through the Putnam County community as word spread of
the city's selection as a Hoosier "Stellar Community."

On Thursday, Lt. Gov. Becky Skillman joined Murray, Casey and other state and
local officials on the DePauw campus to celebrate the pilot program that will
see an estimated $26 million in community improvement projects during the next
three years.

Those projects include:

--Revitalization of the courthouse square and central business district with
streetscape improvements, faÃ§ade renovations and signage.

--Public parking solutions in the downtown area.

--Relocating the DePauw bookstore to the central business district.

--Constructing a community health center and other wellness initiatives, such as
a walking and fitness trail.

--Creating a technology hub and wi-fi bubble in the commercial district.

--Partnering with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra to provide concerts in
Greencastle, a youth orchestra program and master music classes.

Skillman said the infusion of state dollars for the quality-of-life improvement
projects have a regional impact.

"Hoosiers in the entire region will see it as a win," Skillman told the
Tribune-Star. "The plan has great potential for attracting future investment.
The city has proven to the state that they have the partners in place to make it
happen."

The State of Indiana expects to contribute at least $19 million to the projects
in the next three years, including $6 million in grants from INDOT, $1.5 million
in grants from the Office of Community and Rural Affairs, and more than $11
million in loans, tax credits or grants from the Indiana Housing and Community
Development Authority.

The community is expected to provide about $6.8 million matching funds.

"Stellar Communities will allow us to improve our city in ways that wouldn't
otherwise be possible," Murray said.

Without the infusion of funds, the projects outlined in the three-year plan
would be dreams in a 25-year plan, with probably only a 5 percent chance of
happening, the first-term mayor said.

Forty-two Indiana communities applied to the program, according to David
Terrell, executive director of OCRA. Of those 42, only 12 rose to the top as
finalists. After the community visits, Terrell said, it was clear that
Greencastle was a top contender.

Skillman said Greencastle's proposal had a focus and was detailed. It also
showed a regional impact, and emphasized the community's 175-year partnership
with DePauw University.

Another partnership uplifted by DePauw's Casey was the commitment from the
Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra and ISO President Simon Crookall.

"I've had conversations with Simon on ways to connect ISO to the DePauw School
of Music," Casey said. "Bringing in the ISO made this project unique."

Crookall agreed, and said after-school programs for local students and the
founding of a youth orchestra are in the plans. ISO already works with Butler
University students to bring educational opportunities to local schoolchildren,
so the DePauw connection should work well, he said.

"We felt it was exciting that Greencastle and DePauw University felt it was
important to add the arts to this Stellar plan," Crookall said.

Funding for the initiative comes from multiple existing federal funds, and is a
collaboration among INDOT, OCRA, IHCDA and the State Revolving Fund to help
execute the community's strategic plans.

The southern Indiana community of North Vernon was also selected for the Stellar
pilot program and will see funding for community improvements related to the
national defense industry that has become the backbone of the community.
Skillman was to visit North Vernon today for a similar community celebration.

Stellar Community is an annual project, and application opportunities for the
next round of funding will open in the fall.

Lisa Trigg can be reached at (812) 231-4254 or lisa.trigg@tribstar.com

To see more of The Tribune-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110311-TX-Greencastle-selected-as-stellar-community-0311-20110311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2011 The Tribune-Star


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Southerner (Tarboro, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday

Golden LEAF changes rules to help more: Edgecombe may benefit from new
assistance program

BYLINE: W. Terry Smith, The Daily Southerner, Tarboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


May 21--The Golden LEAF Foundation has changed its rules, and Edgecombe County
may benefit.

The annual grant cycle will continue whereby organizations compete for funds,
but a new program specifically targets economically disadvantaged counties.

It's called the Community Assistance Initiative and could mean as much as $2
million in grants each to the 41 most distressed counties designated as Tier 1.

"This could make a tremendous impact," said Eric Evans, the county's community
development director.

That's the program's goal. Within two years, Golden LEAF want to touch all 41
Tier 1 counties, some of which have not received a Golden LEAF check in their
communities.

"We want to really put our boots on the ground," said Patricia Cabe, Golden
LEAF's vice president of programs/community assistance and outreach. "Why key
issues, immediate objectives are needed in these counties? How can Golden LEAF
help?"

Edgecombe County has scheduled a community listening forum for 2 p.m. Thursday,
June 19 at a site to be determined, probably Edgecombe Community College's
Keihin Auditorium.

"We're throwing out the rule book," said Golden LEAF Senior Vice President Mark
Sorrells. "What is needed to make these counties economically competitive?"

He cited Rutherford County, which needed a broadband infrastructure for its
schools and emergency management services. It was awarded a $1.450 million
grant.

"We want to emphasize that this is a community-based process," Cabe said. "We
want to help counties leverage planning processes they have already been
through. Implement some of those they have in place."

Golden LEAF will even help the counties write their proposals.

The counties then must rank their proposals in order of importance. It will not
be competitive.

In the annual grant cycle, the Golden LEAF received 350 to 400 proposals cycle.
The foundation is expected to award about $10 million in the 2008-09 cycle.

This new program began in March 2007, targeting eight counties that had never
received a Golden LEAF check. Already Rutherford, Hertford, Scotland and Gates
counties have received grants and Caldwell and Hyde will probably receive checks
in June.

The Golden LEAF Foundation was created in 1999 as part of the nationwide tobacco
settlement. The Long-term Economic Advancement Foundation was to be a means of
lifting tobacco-dependent rural communities out of their dependency on tobacco
incomes. Funds from the Golden LEAF Foundation were to create new economic
infrastructure, new jobs and home-grown opportunities for rural young people.

The foundation, headquartered in Rocky Mount, has disbursed $346 million via 668
grants over the past eight years. Edgecombe County has received 15 grants
totaling more than $4.3 million.

To date, Golden LEAF has received $706.5 million in tobacco settlement money. By
2025, the foundation expects to receive about $2.3 billion.

To see more of The Daily Southerner or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://dailysoutherner.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily Southerner, Tarboro,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080521-NT-Golden-LEAF-changes-rules-to-help-more-0521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                                 Copyright 2008


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Governor Cuomo Announces Success of New York City Regional Sustainable
Development & Collaborative Governance Conference

LENGTH: 703  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news):



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced the success of the state's seventh
regional sustainability conference, which brought together community development
experts, local elected officials and business leaders to share economic growth
strategies in New York City. The conference is part of a statewide effort to
boost awareness of resources available to local governments and nonprofit
organizations to help create sustainable communities across New York. During the
conference, Governor Cuomo highlighted a new handbook that serves as a
one-stop-shop resource for State grants - providing context and web links to the
complete list of more than 100 innovative funding programs.





 "Through strategic collaboration with key partners, thoughtful community
development and innovative investments to drive smart growth, we are building a
sustainable economic future for New York City," Governor Cuomo said. "This
conference brought together leaders and innovators across industries to build on
our momentum, share strengths, envision bold, new projects, and firmly establish
New York City as a global leader for sustainability and enterprise."



 The Sustainable Development & Collaborative Governance Conference draws on
then-Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Andrew Cuomo's 1999 conference,
"Bridging the Divide: Making Regions Work for Everyone: Shaping the Federal
Agenda," which invited experts and academics in regionalism, smart growth and
urban revitalization to present their ideas, followed by panel discussions among
a diverse group of stakeholders.



 Under the leadership of Governor Cuomo, New York State is prioritizing
cross-collaboration between state agencies, local governments and community
partners to maximize the collective impact of their efforts. New York City
region is a prime example of this bottom-up approach that has shown its success
through the Regional Economic Development Councils.



 During this administration, New York State has invested more than $22 billion
in the New York City Region helping to advance the region's goals. Since
September 2010, the region has added 771,000 private sector jobs - an increase
of 16.3 percent, bringing the total number of private sector jobs to 5,499,900
as of September 2016. Today, the region's unemployment rate has dropped
significantly - moving from 8.5 percent in September 2010 to 5.2 percent during
the same time this year.



 Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul said, "Governor Cuomo has proven how critical
sustainable principles and strategic investments are to the growth of a region,
and this is exemplified everywhere you look in New York City. Thanks to the
Governor's leadership and vision, we continue to invest in creating and
protecting jobs, jumpstarting new industries and strengthening both urban and
rural communities all across New York State. The progress is undeniable and
these conferences are key in building off those successes."



 At the collaborative governance conference, speakers and panel discussions
examined case studies, shared best practices and discussed examples of how New
York State will continue to serve as a partner in creating sustainable,
integrated communities and boosting bottom-up economic development efforts. Two
sustainable development experts delivered keynote addresses:



     Bart Harvey - Former Chair and CEO of Enterprise Community Partners

     Jonathan Bowles - Executive Director of the Center for an Urban Future





 During the conference, Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul announced the $3
million Environmental Justice Community Impact Grant to advance environmental
and public health improvement projects in low-income communities. This funding
was included in the expanded Environmental Protection Fund, part of Governor
Cuomo's aggressive Environmental Justice initiative, in this year's State
Budget. More than $3 million will be distributed to communities around the
state, the most ever offered in a single grant round in the decade-long
existence of the initiative



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                           November 21, 1995; Tuesday

Small firms hailed as way to prosperous times for rural Wales

BYLINE: Iola Smith

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 505 words


STIMULATING the small business sector is the key to economic growth in rural
Wales, according to the region's development board.

In its submission to the Welsh Office's White Paper on rural Wales, the board
outlines numerous regeneration proposals that would boost the countryside's
performance in the run-up to the millennium.

They include an environment, agriculture and food strategy, a telecommunications
initiative and a rural charter. The former would seek to capitalise on the
resources of wood, wind, water and agriculture to create wealth and employment.

The planning system should ensure that these developments take place in harmony
with landscape. For example, it is recommended that small food-processing
companies be established in agricultural villages, so that they are as close as
possible to the farms that provide their raw materials.

Good telecommunication links are essential if small businesses are to overcome
the distance disadvantages of rural areas. Therefore, the board wishes to
improve information technology facilities by attracting to the countryside more
small businesses specialising in this sector.

Although inward investment is beginning to make an impact in the area, economic
development depends on strengthening indigenous small firms, the board says.

Priorities should be a network of advice sectors; a training partnership
involving training and enterprise councils, businesses and the University of
Wales in improving workers' skills; and a drive to stimulate business start-ups
in agricultural villages.

The board is adamant that continuing public-sector investment is vital,
particularly in the construction of factories and commercial premises.

These are needed, it says, around market towns because the region has a low
manufacturing base. Only 15 per cent of the rural workforce is employed in
manufacturing, against 24 per cent nationwide. This means that the sector is
fragile and vulnerable to cyclical downturns in the economy.

The board recommends refurbishment of rural towns. Local shops should be
supported, perhaps with capital grants being offered to improve premises and
business efficiency. These grants could be extended to the pillars of village
life, the garage and the pub. The existing post office network should be
retained throughout.

Transport improvements, such as extending the post-bus service, and adequate
provision of housing are also necessary if new firms are to be attracted to the
area.

To ensure that economic development takes place in parallel with community
development, the board urges the creation of a rural charter. This would set out
the minimum standards expected of public-sector organisations operating in the
countryside.

The hope is that the Welsh rural White Paper will accelerate the diversification
of the rural economy.

That should result in increasing business start-ups, more small businesses
moving in, and the occasional inward investor establishing its UK headquarters
in the Welsh countryside.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Times Newspapers Limited


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Weston and Somerset Mercury

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Community groups invited to apply for parish council grants

BYLINE: PR Page Manager 14

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 102 words


A Somerset parish council has called on its community groups to apply for a
portion of a £5,000 grant.

Cheddar Parish Council has launched its annual grant scheme which could see
voluntary, community and not-for-profit organisations receive up to £500 to put
towards the upkeep and running of the groups.

The council supports a range of projects which promote community development,
supporting the rural heritage and the development of new initiatives.

Applicants have until March 31 to apply and can collect a form from the Parish
Hall in Church Street.

Forms can also be downloaded via www.cheddarparishcouncil.org

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSM


                    Copyright 2017 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Nonprofit Firm Picks 27 Recipients For Aid to Blighted Neighborhoods

                           December 19, 1980, Friday

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Twenty-seven community organizations across the country have been chosen as the
first group of recipients of over $2.5 million in grants and loans to revitalize
blighted communities, according to the Local Initiatives Support Corp.

LISC, a national nonprofit venture for community and neighborhood improvement,
was announced last May as a joint effort of the Ford Foundation and seven major
corporations and foundations to provide financial and technical aid to promising
community organizations already in operation.

The grants and loans made public today will, it is hoped, help local
urban-revival groups attract additional funding from government agencies and
investments from banks and other business enterprises, according to Robert D.
Lilley, chairman of the board of LISC.

The 27 community groups receiving LISC's first allocations are located in 18
communities: Bath, Maine; Boston; Brooklyn, N.Y.; Chicago; Denver; Detroit,
Mich.; Erie, Pa.; London, Ky.; Los Angeles; Memphis; Newark, N.J.; Philadelphia;
Pontiac, Mich.; San Bernardino, Calif.; San Francisco; Saticoy, Calif.; Toledo,
Ohio, and Washington, D.C.

In addition to the Ford Foundation, funds for the project have come from the
Aetna Life and Casualty Foundation ($1 million); International Harvester Co.
($750,000); Levi Strauss & Co. ($500,000); the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation
($300,000); Continental Illinois Bank & Trust Co. of Chicago ($250,000);
Atlantic Richfield Foundation ($100,000); and the Prudential Insurance Company
of America (a $2 million below-market loan fund).

Together the LISC sponsors have contributed $9.65 million -- including $4.75
million from the Ford Foundation -- to provide low-cost loans, revolving loan
funds, letters of credit and outright grants to local self-help organizations
throughout the country.

At a news conference announcing the first allocations, Mitchell Sviridoff,
president of LISC, said: "We expect to be giving support to almost 100 such
groups within the next several years, and there are likely to be spillover
benefits to many more."

The first 27 projects receiving LISC support were selected for "showing
particular promise, and many of them for being of significant scale," according
to Mr. Sviridoff.

"LISC seeks to strengthen these projects by increasing their ability to design,
capitalize and manage programs such as housing rehabilitation and commercial
development that will provide job opportunities," he added.

Mr. Lilley, who recently retired as president of the American Telephone &
Telegraph Co., emphasized that LISC "is acting essentially as a catalyst.  Our
aim," he said, "is to help local groups with proven track-records to attract
substantial additional funding from private sources such as banks and other
business enterprises, as well as from local, state and federal agencies."

All the grants require matching funds from the private sector, he said.

Mr. Sviridoff pointed out that LISC expects the local undertakings to generate
jobs and bring stability to declining neighborhoods "without squeezing out
poorer residents or the middle class."

Most of the beneficiary projects announced today are designed to rehabilitate,
improve and construct low and moderate-income housing in deteriorating
neighborhoods in inner cities, but a variety of other programs are also being
supported.

In Brooklyn, a $70,000 grant will create a housing management staff for a local
development corporation in an integrated neighborhood in Flatbush.

Also in Brooklyn, a $150,000 grant will support two local community groups --one
largely Hispanic, the other Orthodox Jewish -- in a joint venture to
rehabilitate and stabilize low-and moderate-income housing in the Sunset Park
and Borough Park neighborhoods.

In Newark, N.J. a $100,000 grant will help fund housing rehabilitation in a
predominantly Italian-American neighborhood in the North Ward.

In London, Ky., a $50,000 loan and a $20,000 grant will support the efforts of a
rural economic development group to arrange a joint venture with a major
corporation to bring investment and jobs into a depressed part of Appalachia.

In San Bernardino, a $100,000 loan will be used to help develop an industrial
park and office building in a black and Hispanic neighborhood.

In San Francisco, a 5% loan of 474,589 will be used to acquire Pa property and
convert it into a child-care facility, primarily for the benefit of Asian
residents and to create jobs for people formerly receiving Federal assistance.

A successful example of a local community development group is the
Bedford-Stuyvesant Restoration Corp. in Brooklyn, which was headed by Franklin
A. Thomas for 10 years before he was named president of the Ford Foundation last
year.

Under his leadership the Brooklyn project helped to establish over 100
businesses employing 3,300 people, placed 7,000 people in training programs and
renovated 3,300 dwellings with work forces composed of local residents.

The Ford Foundation entered the field of community development in 1962 and since
then has provided about $63 million in support of 12 community development
corporations.

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 861 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1980 American Banker, Inc.


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Bath Chronicle

                                 April 6, 2005

Thousands handed out to organisations across district

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 350 words


The cabinet of West Wiltshire District Council has given £124,000 in grants to
local organisations.  The funding, from the community development budget, will
benefit a wide range of organisations. In addition, the cabinet approved a sum
of £21,000 for capital grants towards play areas and £9,000 for small grants of
no more than £500 each.

Community initiatives manager Gwilym Gibbons presented a report setting out how
the grants budget would be allocated: partnership grants - £29,230; service
level agreements - £113,000; annual grants - £11,000; small grants - £9,000;
play areas capital - £21,000.

Partnership grants support schemes that are also receiving funding from other
organisations, and the allocations for 2005/06 are as follows: west Wiltshire
village halls - £9,500; landfill tax - £4,000; Community Legal Services
Partnership - £3,500; Link schemes - £8,230; community planning grant - £4,000.

Service level agreements are currently being negotiated for a three-year term
with seven core organisations.

This guarantees a minimum level of funding, therefore making it easier for them
to budget their work.

Grants for 2005/06 are as follows: Action on Homelessness - £7,000; Charities
Information Bureau - £5,000; Citizens' Advice Bureau - £60,000; Community First
- £15,000 plus £5,000 for Link scheme; Voluntary Action West Wilts - £11,000;
Wiltshire Racial Equality Council - £5,000; Wiltshire & Swindon Community
Foundation - £5,000.

Nine other organisations will benefit from funding allocated as an annual grant:
Alzheimers Support - £1,500; Advice on Services for Kids - £500; Carers Support
West Wilts - £500; Group Five - £3,000; Relate - £500; Splitz - £2,000; West
Wilts Access Group - £500; Wiltshire Play Resource Centre - £1,500; Youth Action
Wiltshire - £1,000.

Cllr Ernie Clark, leisure, community issues and rural affairs portfolio holder,
said: "Given that we have extremely limited resources, we have tried to ensure
as many organisations as possible get financial support."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2005 0604BATHCH3D5thous

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2005 Bristol United Press


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 13, 1992, Tuesday

METRO & GEORGIA IN BRIEF Utility warns of employee imposters

SECTION: LOCAL AND STATE NEWS; Section E; Page 2

LENGTH: 911 words


ATLANTA: Georgia Power Co. is warning customers, especially the elderly, to
beware of men posing as utility employees so that they can enter homes and steal
cash and other valuables.

Such incidents have occurred around the state, including an episode earlier this
month in Macon in which two men posing as utility workers approached an elderly
woman at her home and said they were "sent from downtown to check the wiring,"
according to Georgia Power security investigator Gene Dettmering. Fortunately,
the woman became suspicious because the men hadn't called first, and she refused
to let them into her house.

"She was lucky because she was knowledgeable enough not to fall victim to their
scam," said Mr. Dettmering. "This seems to happen right after the first of month
when the elderly receive their Social Security checks."

Mr. Dettmering urged customers not to let strangers into their home to check
wiring or other electrical equipment. Georgia Power workers make appointments in
advance, drive company vehicles, carry identification badges and identify
themselves by name. If a utility impostor is suspected, call police, Georgia
Power or Mr. Dettmering at 404-526-2758.

DEVELOPMENT

ATLANTA: Three community groups get new grants. The Atlanta Neighborhood
Development Partnership, a public-private non-profit organization that lobbies
private foundations and corporations to invest in low-income neighborhoods,
announced three new grants to community development corporations Monday.
Summerhill Neighborhood Inc. will receive $ 100,000 for operational support; the
Northwest Atlanta Housing and Economic Development Partnership will receive $
11,097 for organizational preparation and planning; and SUMMECH - an initiative
to spark housing and economic development in Mechanicsville - will receive $
18,305 for program planning. The grants were made possible by funding received
from the Coca-Cola Foundation, FannieMae Foundation, National Community
Development Initiative and the Woodruff Foundation.

POLICE

DEKALB COUNTY: Doraville man killed crossing street. A Doraville man was killed
Monday when he was struck by a car while crossing Peachtree Industrial
Boulevard, DeKalb County police said. Kelly Cheek, 27, a resident of the
Brittany Woods Apartments at 6700 Peachtree Industrial, was killed instantly in
the 6:30 p.m. accident. Police said he was crossing to the other side of the
busy street, away from the apartments, when he was hit. No charges were filed,
but the accident is under investigation.

FORSYTH: Teenage slaying suspect returned. A 16-year-old girl arrested in the
death of a Warner Robins teenager was brought back to Georgia from Tennessee
Monday, authorities said. The girl, whom authorities declined to identify
because of her age, is one of three people suspected in the killing of Keith
Patrick Young, a 17-year-old student at Warner Robins High School who was found
stabbed to death Thursday. Monroe County Sheriff Cary Bittick said the other two
suspects also will be brought to Georgia after waiving extradition. The three
were arrested Saturday night in Murfreesboro, Tenn., near Nashville, after
authorities spotted them in the victim's car. Police identified the other two
suspects as Timothy Don Carr, 22, of Lizella and Melissa Leslie Burgeson, 22,
whose address was unknown. The three suspects had not been formally charged by
Monday afternoon.

AUGUSTA: Man charged with setting mother afire. A Charlotte, N.C., woman was in
critical condition in a Georgia hospital after being doused with gasoline and
set afire, police said. Grace Guthrie Drakeford, 69, suffered second-and
third-degree burns over 99 percent of her body on Sunday morning, according to
Elizabeth Myers, a spokeswoman for Humana Hospital-Augusta. Ms. Drakeford was
transferred to Humana's burn center from Carolinas Medical Center. Her son,
Kenneth Brian Drakeford, 30, was charged with attempted murder, first-degree
arson and malicious injury by use of an explosive or incendiary, according to
police records. He was being held at the Mecklenburg County Jail without bond.
When police arrived at the mother's home, Ms. Drakeford was lying in the front
yard while her house burned behind her.

DAWSON: Husband questioned in estranged wife's death. Police said they were
interviewing the husband of a Sumter County woman who was found beaten and shot
to death Saturday near a wooded area in rural Terrell County. Boblyn Williams,
25, was shot once in the leg and had a severe head injury, authorities said. A
passing motorist found her in bushes off a dirt road nine miles east of Dawson.
Investigators were questioning Mrs. Williams' estranged husband, Alphonso
Williams on Monday but but no charges had been filed, Sheriff Jerry Dean said.

EDUCATION

SAVANNAH: Archer kills tame deer at conservatory. An archer apparently broke
into Oatland Island Education Center over the weekend and killed a buck deer
popular with area school children, center officials said. The 7-year-old animal,
which the center staff had raised from a fawn, was living in a pen at the
wildlife conservatory, which is owned and operated by the Savannah-Chatham
County Board of Education. Center staff members said the intruder probably
climbed over the outside fence after the center closed Friday, then used wire
cutters to enter the deer enclosure that night or early Saturday morning. County
police are investigating.

From staff and our news services

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922910220

GRAPHIC: Photo: Construction begins on the Presidential Parkway as bulldozers
clear land near huts of homeless people just off Barnett Street behind the Jimmy
Carter Library and Museum. / CHARLOTTE B. TEAGLE / Staff

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                    The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                             June 19, 2000, Monday

$90m more for bush strugglers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 538 words


STRUGGLING rural communities yesterday were granted a lifeline with the
announcement of a $90 million Federal Government package to assist in the
development of services and infrastructure.

National Party Leader John Anderson, who announced the funding at the party's
convention in Tweed Heads, said the package was in addition to the $1.8 billion
given to the bush in this year's Federal Budget.

To be spent over four years, the funds would be distributed under a grants
program and directed towards rural and remote areas experiencing economic
stagnation and population decline.

High-growth regions with above-average unemployment levels also would be
targeted.

Under the Regional Solutions Program, communities would be able to apply for
grants of between $1000 to $500,000 to develop specific projects.

These would range from infrastructure works to improvement to services.

Mr Anderson said the aim of the scheme was to allow communities to become more
self-reliant. "Over the next four years, the program will target two key types
of disadvantaged communities in regional, rural and remote areas," he told the
conference.

"These include rural areas with high economic stagnation or population decline
... and regional areas with high population growth.

"Its objective is to contribute to projects that enhance the self-reliance of
communities and reduce economic and

social disadvantage."

Meanwhile NSW Ethnic Communities Council chairman Paul Nicolaou criticised
comments by a National Party MP that areas attracting

migrants should not be allowed to become "ethnic ghettos".

National Party MP Kay Hull said immigrants should show a willingness to live in
rural areas, but they should not be allowed to become "ethnic ghettos" as
experienced in the cities.

Mr Nicolaou said Australia did not have ghettos.

"Ghettos don't exist -- what does exist is where people from a particular ethnic
background live in a particular area because their friends and families
congregate and they feel the best way of living in a new country is with their
friends and family," he said.

Mr Nicolaou said local eth nic communities were providing support networks that
otherwise would have to come from governments.

It was inappropriate for a Member of Parliament to make the comments, he said.

"I thought we'd moved on from that ... we're now living in a global village, we
are all Australians and we are all contributing in the way that will provide
benefits to the community in the future."

How communities can apply

HOW communities can apply for grants under a $90 million Federal Government
package to help develop services and infrastructure:

  * $1000-$50,000 to undertake community development projects such as purchasing
printing facilities for a community newspaper;

  * $50,000 towards the implementation of local projects such as providing
information about Commonwealth services;

  * $200,000 towards diversifying the local economy, such as building on tourism
initiatives and developing local industry;

  * $500,000 towards developing infrastructure.

  * The Federal Transport and Regional Services Dept will administer the
program.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Nebraska: Economic Development Business Assistance Manager, CommJob Number
07230005, 07230006

LENGTH: 1309  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


The State of Nebraska has issued the following job vacancy:

Economic Development Business Assistance Manager, Community Development
Manager/CRD Deputy Director

This listing closes on 6/11/2014 at 11:59 PM Central Time (US & Canada).
Salary

$22.97 Hourly
Location

Lincoln, NE
Job Type

PERM FULL TIME
Department

Economic Development, Department of
Job Number

07230005, 07230006
Closing date and time

6/11/2014 at 11:59 PM Central Time (US & Canada)

Description
    Benefits

Description

The department is hiring two (2) Economic Development Managers with this job
posting. Each is described throughout as "Economic Development Business
Assistance Manager" and "Community Development Manager/CRD Deputy Director".
Applicants will be considered for both positions with one application in
response to this single job announcement for two openings. (1) Economic
Development Business Assistance Manager: Under administrative direction from
Division Director, manages and coordinates the administration and supervision of
the Economic Development Business Assistance team activities, which includes
federal and state programs; supervises professional staff in the development and
implementation of an Economic Development work plan; and performs related work
and job duties as outlined. (2) Community Development Manager/CRD Deputy
Director: Under administrative direction from Division Director, coordinates the
administration and supervision of the Community Development team activities;
supervises professional staff in the development and implementation of a
Community Development work plan as integrated into the Housing and Urban
Development annual action plan and the five year consolidated plans; serves as
Deputy Director of the Community and Rural Development Divisions; and performs
related work and job duties as outlined.

Examples of Work

Positions may not involve all of the specified duties, nor are the listed
examples exhaustive. Plans, assigns, and directs the work activities of
consultant staff to facilitate the attainment of the unit's work goals to ensure
the consistent application of administrative and program policies, procedures,
and standards. Discusses policies and procedures to provide operational
guidelines for the accomplishment of project assignments and instructs
consultants on how to handle matters when existing policies, procedures, or
guidelines do not cover the situation. Gives and receives information requiring
considerable judgment and authority regarding current and specific business of
the work unit. Reviews proposed projects and determines financial and
programmatic feasibility of the project, including identifying appropriate
sources of financing and the means to access financial resources. Candidates
will be most successful in meeting the position requirements if they have
experience in and knowledge of the administration of the Department's community
development assistance programs. This includes the federal Community Development
Block Grant Program by possessing a detailed working knowledge of the criteria
associated with it and other various community assistance programs administered
by the Department. Candidates will be most successful in meeting the position
requirements if they are organized, accurate with data, possesses good
communication skills (both written and verbal), and will be able to meet
specific, and often challenging, deadlines. Occasional travel in state and out
required. Candidates will be most successful in meeting the position
requirements if they are knowledgeable of Federal and State government loan and
grants programs; Nebraska and its local State governmental operations and
economy; finance principles and practices; the organizational structure,
functions, policies, and standards of the Department. Candidates will be most
successful in meeting the position requirements if they have the ability to
apply community economic development principles; manage program funds and
provide policy and funding recommendations; organize and present facts and
opinions orally and in writing. (1) Economic Development Business Assistance
Manager: Manages and coordinates the Economic Development (ED) Business
Assistance team for the CRD Division of the Department. Supervises professional
staff in the development and coordination of the following projects and
programs: Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Economic Development
Projects, Revolving Loan Fund, Customized Job Training Program, State Small
Business Credit Initiative, Nebraska Progress Loan Fund, and Site and Building
Development Fund, and other programs as established by the state for
administration by the Department. Administers a portfolio of projects,
including: reviewing documentation, preparing and distributing of Memorandums of
Understanding, contracts and release of funds documents; insuring semi-annual
reports are submitted; reviewing and approving request for funds; and on-site
and desktop monitoring with reports and close out projects. Maintains the work
plan for the CRD/ED Business Assistance team; makes certain all tasks are
assigned to members and monitor performance of staff; and trains new staff in
the policies and procedures of the Department as well as the duties and
responsibilities of their position. (2) Community Development Manager/CRD Deputy
Director: Manages and coordinates the Community Development (CD) team for the
CRD Division of the Department. Supervises professional staff in the
development, design, application review, delivery, training and implementation
of the Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG) and other programs that
support community development for the state. Coordinates the state's five year
and one year Plans for the Housing and Urban Development (HUD) CDBG program
funds. Manages the compliance review and closeout process for the CDBG Program
and CDBG Disaster Program. Provides technical assistance and serves as a
resource trainer at national, state, regional and local levels for informing
local and state administrators on the implementation of state CDBG Program rules
and practices. Coordinates communication and system problem solving with
contractors for the project development system database tracking the CDBG
program. Coordinates communication and system problem solving for HUD's
Integrated Disbursement and Information System (IDIS). Serves as program
representative for CDBG Community Development grantee projects by: preparing
application guidelines; reviewing and scoring applications annually; and
providing technical assistance to assigned grantees in successful project setup,
implementation, evaluation, reporting and closeout. Coordinates and manages the
CRD internship program. Creates the internship descriptions and postings with
local career services offices; participates in review and interviews of intern
applications; approves intern appointments; assigns interns to supervisors and
conducts training. Coordinates and issues determinations on the CDBG Program
administrative requirements as established by the state. Prepares, amends,
reviews and delivers the administration requirements through training in person,
on line website, and email.

Qualifications / Requirements

REQUIREMENTS:  Bachelors degree in economics, business, public administration,
community or regional planning, marketing or related field AND three years
related experience. Experience in a related field may substitute for education
on a year for year basis.

    PREFERRED: An advanced degree, and having skill sets and experience more
particularly described in the "Examples of Work" section.

Agency
    Nebraska State Government
Phone
    402-471-2075
Website
    http://statejobs.nebraska.gov

Address
    1526 K Street, Suite 100

Lincoln, Nebraska, 68508.

For further information please visit: https://www.governmentjobs.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             April 5, 2012 Thursday

Croatia : Project to stimulate citizen activism and mobilize community resources
to address critical issues facing Croatian communities.

LENGTH: 211  words


Grant Amount: $100,000
Grant Period: 01/01/12 - 12/31/13
Duration: 24 months
The program goal is to stimulate citizen activism and mobilize community
resources to address critical issues facing Croatian communities. The Center for
Civil Initiatives works with local community leaders and civic groups to
identify community needs and implement long-term and lasting solutions. In
addition, the center provides information, training, and consultations to a
range of other local and international nonprofits and the Croatian government on
community organizing, organizational development, local resource development,
and rural development. In 2010-2011, the center strengthened two networks of
nonprofits in Croatia; provided direct consultation to nonprofits working with
youth, minorities, and other marginalized groups; expanded the geographic scope
of its work; and established long-term, working partnerships with two
municipalities, three local nonprofits, and two public institutions. The center
is based in Zagreb and works with other community development organizations in
Croatia and in Central and Eastern Europe, including several Mott grantees.


Geographic Area Served: Europe/Croatia
Tags: Civil Society; Central/Eastern Europe and Asia

country :Croatia
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                              May 28, 2010 Friday

$4000 BONUS FOR OUR FIRST HOME BUYERS Bonus for first home buyers;
Buy a new property in regional area to pocketpremier's $11,000 grant

BYLINE:  Melissa Grant

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 442  words


FIRST home buyers in Mackay - like Jodie Sleeman - had plenty of reason to
rejoice yesterday with the State Government announcing a $4000 boost for
regional first home buyers.

Ms Sleeman, 20, and her partner Trevor Scott, 21, will no longer have to just
dream of buying their first home after Premier Anna Bligh committed to
increasing the First Home Owners Grant to $11,000 for those buying a new home in
regional Queensland.

The move aims to increase construction jobs in regional areas and take
population growth pressure off South East Queensland.

However, there are some concerns that adding the $4000 to the existing $7000
grant won't be enough to entice prospective first home buyers to Mackay.

Regional Community Development co-ordinator of Mackay Regional Council for
Social Development Christine Brinkley said the initiative was a positive step
but wouldn't really change Mackay's first home buyer market.

"It's an initiative in the right direction," she said. "But with the high cost
of housing in Mackay, the $4000 isn't the only factor buyers have to consider.

"There is still a big lack of affordable housing in

Mackay."

Blacks First National Real Estate partner Greg Lewis also welcomed the boost but
was concerned the extra $4000 wasn't enough.

"It is a positive step," Mr Lewis said. "But what's happening generally is that
house prices are going up and $4000 isn't enough."

However, Ms Bligh was confident increasing the grant would help solve
Queensland's population woes. "I believe this grant will be part of enticing
first home owners to look outside South East Queensland and see the wonderful
opportunities that exist in other parts of the state," she said.

Ms Sleeman said she believed the $4000 boost could entice young people to
regional Queensland.

She said the grant would certainly help as she and Mr Scott looked to purchase a
$460,000 house and land package in Ooralea.

"The first home buyer grant going up will allow us to get into the market a bit
quicker," she said.

"Instead of just dreaming about it and looking through Property Week every week
it will become a reality."

Mackay Mayor Col Meng said he was yet to read the fine print but believed the
initiative would help get young people to settle in places like Mackay.

"I think $11,000 is a good amount of money so it has to help in the long run."

First buyers of newly built homes are eligible to access the Regional First Home
Owners Grant for contracts entered into from July 1.

Payment is made upon settlement or completion of construction.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday

Massive funding from the National Development Plan has contributed greatly to
economic and social success in the county. Lynn Glanville reports. Getting
Wicklow on the road to success

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1015 words


Multi-million euro investment by the National Development Plan has contributed
to social and economic progress in County Wicklow over the last year.

Funds from the NDP have been allocated in a wide range of social and economic
initiatives throughout the county including education and training systems,
social housing, childcare, roads and public transport, environmental protection,
business innovation, rural development and broadband provision.

Nationally, the plan involves overall investment of e57 billion, making it the
largest and most ambitious investment programme in the history of the State.

Ninety percent of this money came from domestic sources, mainly the taxpayer,
and the remainder came from the EU Structural Funds.

During 2006 - the final year of the seven year plan - over e9 billion was
invested nationally.

January sees the launch of a successor National Development Plan of greater
scope and ambition which will cover the next seven years to 2013.

Over e1.75 million was allocated for childcare facilities for the first nine
months of 2006 and services that have benefited under the plan include Avoca
Montessori; Charlesland Court Creche, Greystones; Cosy Tots, Carnew; First Steps
Creche and Pre-school, Arklow; and Redcross Montessori.

The NDP has increased the number of childcare facilities and places through
capital grants and funding for approved community-based childcare projects,
particularly those in disadvantaged areas.

Contributions have also been made to the salary costs of qualified childcare
workers and childcare training and education.

Funding of over e5.3 million was allocated for social housing projects in
Wicklow for the first six months of 2006.

Housing schemes have been developed at Rathdrum, Kilcoole and Roundwood. Social
and affordable housing was provided at Newtownmountkennedy, Barndarrig, Emoclew,
Arklow and Avoca.

The NDP contributes towards the costs of quality education services provided by
the County Wicklow VEC.

There is a variety of programmes to assist people in County Wicklow returning to
education including the National Adult Literacy Strategy programmes, Back To
Education Initiative (BTEI) part-time options, Youthreach and Senior Traveller
Training Centres, Further Education Support Services, PLCs (Post Leaving
Certificate Courses), the School Completion Initiative and the Third Level
Access Programme.

A top class road network, which serves the entire country, plays a crucial role
in contributing to Irish business and industrial competitiveness.

Between 2000 and 2006 many roads in the county have benefited from the NDP.

Major road projects allocated funding in County Wicklow include the M50 South
Eastern Motorway while the Arklow/Gorey Bypass is due to be completed at the end
of 2007.

Over e61 million was invested in non-national roads in Wicklow between 2000 and
2005 and the allocation for 2006 was a further e19.54 million.

Many FAS programmes are co-financed under the NDP by the European Social Fund
(ESF).

Hundreds of local people are employed thanks to a wide range of training courses
and programmes including the Action Programme for Unemployed, apprenticeships,
vocational training and pathways to employment for people with disabilities,
traineeships, in-company training (FAS), Social Economy Programme and Social
Economy - Local Social Capital.

The NDP funded, Wicklow Rural Transport Initiative (RTI) has made a valuable
contribution to the quality of life of those living in rural areas in the
county.

These community-based, flexible, door-to door services provide access to
shopping, health, education, day-care and social activities.

The Rural Transport Initiative will be expanded to all rural areas nationwide
from 2007.

Industry and jobs have been created in the county through the support of the NDP
funded Wicklow County Enterprise Board (CEB). Local companies to benefit include
Aurra Furniture, Rathnew; Wicklow Fine Foods, Baltinglass; Connect IT,
Blessington and Petrol World, Arklow. The board received an allocation of over
e555,000 in 2006 to support local business.

During 2006 the Local Development Social Inclusion Programme continued to fund
three local Partnerships in county Wicklow - Bray Partnership, Arklow Community
Enterprise and Wicklow Working Together. These organisations focus their work on
the most marginalised communities in the county. They promote social inclusion
through actions focused on job creation, placement and training; improving the
life chances of young people through participation in education; and community
development activity aimed at building the capacity of disadvantaged communities
to take a lead role in the process of change in their own communities.

Notable initiatives in 2006 included a Mentoring and Achievement Support
Programme for Young Travellers through Bray Partnership. This pilot initiative
provides tutorial and mentoring supports to young Traveller students attending
second-level education at two schools in the Bray area.

The allocation for water services in the county in 2006 under the plan was over
e50 million and major schemes to benefit include those in Arklow, Wicklow town,
west Wicklow, Newtownmountkennedy and Enniskerry.

County and Group Broadband Schemes (CGBS), which promote the rollout of
broadband access are also a beneficiary of NDP funds.

The Rathdrum Group Broadband Scheme has been completed and funding has been
approved for projects in Carnew, Laragh and Anamore. NDP funding is also
approved for broadband Metropolitan Area Networks in Kilcoole, Enniskerry,
Newtownmountkennedy and Blessington.

A spokesperson for the NDP said that major improvements to the county's social
services and economic infrastructure have been achieved over the past seven
years.

'The National Development Plan is building a successful economy, promoting
greater social equality and helping deliver more balanced regional development
across the country,' he stated. 'These achievements will be consolidated and
further built upon in the successor NDP 2007-2013 being launched in January.'

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

Carper Joins USDA Rural Development to Highlight Affordable Rural Rental Housing
Funding

LENGTH: 617  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Tom Carper, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

USDA Rural Development State Director Bill McGowan and U.S. Senator Tom Carper
today joined community-based non-profit housing organizations at Chandler
Heights, an affordable apartment complex for families in Seaford, to highlight a
$152,492  federal grant award from the Rural Community Development Initiative
Program to the National Council on Agriculture Life and Labor Research Fund,
Inc.

"This is a great program that can do many things to support locally-based
development strategies," Dr. McGowan said. "Primarily it is available to
community-based development organizations to promote economic growth in
low-income rural communities. We are lucky to have NCALL as a community economic
development partner promoting affordable housing, improved communities and
sustainable development. It is one more tool in the box to ensure that families,
seniors and those with disabilities have access to a home that they can afford."

"This competitive grant will help NCALL work with Better Homes here in Seaford
and with Millsboro Housing for Progress to bring decent, affordable housing
within reach for more Delawareans," Sen. Carper said. "It will create
construction jobs during the renovation and provide even more affordable housing
for our local workforce. That's a real win-win."

"For families struggling to make ends meet, high rental costs can be an
impossible burden," Sen. Coons said. "NCALL and its community partners do
tremendous work to make secure, affordable housing a reality for thousands in
Delaware. This grant will help them reach more Delaware families and continue
investing in our growing rural communities."

"Affordable housing is a critical ingredient for successful, thriving
communities," Rep. John Carney said. "This grant will allow NCALL to continue
their great work to make affordable housing accessible to all who live in
Delaware's rural areas."

NCALL is a nonprofit organization based in Dover and has been serving the
Delmarva Peninsula since 1976. The organization specializes in housing
development, education and lending. NCALL, serving as the intermediary, will use
the grant to provide technical assistance and training to Better Homes of
Seaford and Millsboro Housing for Progress. These organizations will help
preserve rental housing complexes like Chandler Heights II, owned by Better
Homes of Seaford with 24 three bedroom family units, and Millsboro Village II,
owned by Millsboro Housing for Progress with 26 family units. The funding can
also help with the development of new rental housing properties.

NCALL will assist both nonprofit housing organizations in addressing the many
housing development challenges and obstacles, from predevelopment through
construction and rent-up, to mutually overcome them and proceed with the housing
development's needs.

Last year, USDA Rural Development returned $196 million to rural Delaware.  It
has more than 40 loan, grant, and technical assistance programs.  The 2014 Farm
Bill brings renewed support for community economic development, including
financing for investments in broadband, telecommunications, distance learning
and telemedicine, entrepreneurship, and business development and growth.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities.  Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.carper.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

SBA Plans 'Capital Shops' For Underserved Areas

                           January 6, 1994, Thursday

By CLAUDIA CUMMINS

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


In keeping with its effort to target investment in underserved areas, the Small
Business Administration 3 plans to launch a number of full-service lending and
counseling centers in targeted areas across the country.

Working in partnership with local communities, the SBA hopes to set up 10
"one-stop capital shops" that will provide counseling and technical assistance
on government lending programs, local initiatives, and lending efforts to small
businesses and individuals.

Bankers with strong inner-city and rural experience could play a high profile
role in the development of these centers.  Rechanneling Resources

The new program is one of the first of many expected SBA initiatives to
rechannel the agency's resources to areas that are most in need of capital. Upon
taking over the agency last year, administrator Erskine Bowles said he wanted to
make his agency more socially responsible.

Mr. Bowles has been working closely with White House officials to design the new
program, coupling it with its enterprise-zone initiative.

Robert E. Rubin, who heads the president's National Economic Council, recently
highlighted the one-stop shops as an important illustration of the
administration's commitment to investing in underserved areas such as inner
cities and rural areas. The Spirit of Enterprise

All communities that apply to the government for status as enterprise or
empowerment zones - in order to gain special tax incentives and grants will be
potential candidates for the one-stop capital shops, according to a White House
official.

But even those that lose that competition could still be picked as sites for the
resource centers.

While the effort will be spear-headed by the SBA, officials there are quick to
explain that the centers will be community-based and managed, and that resources
will extend well beyond government programs.

They hope that neighborhood groups, corporations, and lenders will play a strong
role in their design and management.

One White House official suggested a number of ways that banks could become
involved in the new centers: investing directly in the centers, lending managers
of loan officers for staffing and advice, providing specialized credit products
or services, or offering credit counseling.

"Ideally, we would want a community development bank or community based
intermediary involved," the official said.

The SBA will offer the centers a wide range of its own resources. For example,
it will offer at least two employees to assist at each center, providing
technical assistance and counseling on SBA programs and other funding
opportunities.

In addition, the agency will offer to set up a small business information center
and provide guidance for residents wanting to start their own businesses and
gain access to capital.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 470 words

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 American Banker, Inc.


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

AECOM selected as facilitator of Delta project in Coahoma County

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 388  words


The Delta Bridge Project has received a $157,000 grant to initiate comprehensive
strategic community planning in Coahoma County. The grant allows the hiring of
an independent facilitator to conduct the 10- to 12-month planning process, in
which the entire local community will be invited to participate.

The Delta Bridge Project is a targeted geographic approach that integrates
Southern Bancorp's rural economic development strategy with local, state,
regional and national programs for the Delta, and involves involvement of
residents of the communities.

The Coahoma County Leadership Steering Committee selected AECOM of Atlanta as
the best-qualified independent facilitator among proposals received from
qualified organizations. AECOM has extensive experience in community strategic
planning.

AECOM will convene at least 12 community meetings to address each of the five
pillars of community development - housing, education, healthcare, leadership
and economic development - that are a part of the planning process. Data
collected by the facilitator will be used to compile a final report that will
serve as the basis for a 10-year strategic community plan. Endorsements of the
final written plan will be sought from a variety of stakeholders, including
local businesses, academic organizations, local governments, nonprofits, the
Governor's Office and Mississippi's congressional delegation.

"The strategic planning initiative will give us the roadmap needed to get on the
path to economic revitalization for Coahoma County," said Steering Committee
chair Joe Webb. "Our goal is to get the entire community involved during the
strategic planning activities as well as subsequent implementation of strategic
projects and processes. This will be a comprehensive grassroots effort and the
true beneficiaries will be residents of Coahoma County and surrounding areas. "

Willis Frazer, co-chair of the Steering Committee and president of Covenant
Bank, added that this project "will be an important step forward to bringing all
sectors of the community together to work for a common goal - that of turning
the direction of this county around so that we see progress in education,
leadership, economic development, housing and healthcare - the five pillars of
development for Coahoma County as we move forward over the next 12 months. "

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal

                            March 17, 2005, Thursday

Cuts may leave businesses sore

BYLINE: By Hubble Smith

LENGTH: 1077 words



Kathy Gillespie faces enough challenges as a small-business owner of one of some
200 printing companies in Las Vegas.

This week she had three workers absent with the flu. That's roughly 14 percent
of the work force at A&B Printing, the company Gillespie bought five years ago
after moving here from upstate New York.

She's got new taxes to pay, higher employee health care costs and increased
mileage expenses for her delivery drivers. Such are the woes of a
small-businesswoman operating on a tight budget.

"One area I'm getting a little squeezed on, the last few years I've seen my
level of tax burden rise," Gillespie said as she supervised the printing of
mailers, fliers, pamphlets, annual reports, "thank you" cards and business cards
at her 10,000-square-foot cinderblock office and warehouse, tucked into three
suites at 2912 Highland Drive. "The head tax in the state of Nevada used to be $
500. Now it's up to $ 2,900."

Things could get worse for Nevada's small-business owners as federally funded
programs face severe cuts and cancellation by the Bush administration.

A recent report from the House Small Business Committee analyzing the fiscal
2006 budget proposal found that small-business programs are again bearing a
disproportionate amount of cuts in the budget.

"Every year when I think the budget can't get any worse, a new budget is
released and proves me wrong," Nydia Velazquez, D-N.Y., ranking member of the
committee, said in a statement from Washington.

She said the administration's budget request calls for near-record deficits for
the third straight year and provides a fiscal plan based on "flawed Social
Security and tax initiatives."

Out of 100 government programs that offer small-business assistance such as
access to affordable capital, entrepreneurial development and technical
assistance, more than 50 are slated for cuts or elimination, up from 35 last
year, the report documented. Programs mentioned in the report that assist Nevada
small businesses are:

--Rural Business Enterprise Grants, which brought $ 172,135 to Nevada in fiscal
2004, is slated for elimination.

--Rural Business Opportunity Grants, which brought in $ 20,000 in 2004, is
slated for elimination.

--Community Development Block Grant, which brought in $ 23.5 million in 2004, is
slated for elimination.

--Microloan, which brought in $ 235,255 through 15 loans to Nevada businesses in
2004, is slated for elimination.

--Manufacturing Extension Partnership, which created and retained 586 jobs and
brought in $ 11.7 million in new sales to Nevada in 2003, is slated for cuts.

The overall average cut for these programs is nearly 80 percent, compared with
the overall average 70 percent cut for all programs in the 2004 budget,
Velazquez said. Of the programs slated for elimination, the Small Business
Administration would be hit the hardest with 14 programs on the list.

"Small-business owners are already being told that they have to do more with
less," she said. "Clearly there are some hard realities driving our nation's
spending choices: a struggling economy, a growing deficit, our involvement in
Iraq and war on terror. But the truth is these cuts are simply unrealistic."

The nation's small-business economy has already hit the "pause" button, said
Michael Alter, president of Skokie, Ill.-based SurePayroll, a payroll processing
company.

"The average small-business size hasn't changed since the end of 2004," he said.
"If there's job growth in the economy, it's coming from large companies, not
small businesses. Small-business hiring has been pretty anemic so far this
year."

The SurePayroll Small Business Scorecard showed pay increases are flat year to
date. In 2004, small-business paychecks dropped by 4.8 percent on average. The
Feb. 28 Scorecard showed Nevada with a 0.8 percent decrease in the number of
employees and a 2 percent drop in average paycheck.

"Supply and demand seem to be working in favor of the small business employee
these days," Alter said. "One possible explanation? In talking to our customer
base, we see some small-business employees transitioning back to larger
companies. For these employees, working at a small company was a temporary
solution to unemployment that resulted from the dip in the economy."

Gillespie of A&B Printing said the government program cuts probably won't affect
her business because she doesn't rely on them. She went to Nevada First Bank for
a $ 75,000 line of credit to purchase the printing company and get $ 50,000 in
working capital.

"The biggest problem is the time that it takes," she said of the application
process for federally assisted funding.

Gillespie said she recently bought a larger, 20,000-square-foot building nearby
on Highland. Getting the money through a Small Business Administration loan
would have taken three to six months, and would have saved her only 2 percent.
"I would have lost the building in this real-estate market here," she said.
She's visited government Web sites to bid on federal jobs and gets lost.

"I can't even find where to pick up the phone and call the right person on these
government program things," Gillespie said.

It's better to keep her business near its current location, where rent is
affordable and her drivers have easy freeway access, and focus on the three-mile
radius that encompasses most of A&B's customers, Gillespie said.

Retaining good employees puts a financial strain on operating revenue. With
gasoline closing in on $ 2.30 a gallon, Gillespie has bumped mileage rates from
32 cents to 36 cents a mile, realizing the increase probably only covers fuel
costs for drivers, not wear and tear on their vehicles.

Health-care coverage costs her $ 72,000 a year though a program with the Las
Vegas Chamber of Commerce. "When I go out and shop that plan, it's impossible,"
she said.

Gillespie said President Clinton proposed a health care plan for businesses with
50 or fewer employees tied to a government health plan, but it went nowhere.


-----

To see more of the Las Vegas Review-Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.lvrj.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Las Vegas Review-Journal

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: LV-BUSINESS-CUTS-20050317

JOURNAL-CODE: LV

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2005 Las Vegas (Nev.) Review-Journal


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 983 words


Excerpted from washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye

Excerpted from washingtonpost.com/blogs/federal-eye

Reports offer ideasfor budget cuts

Congress faces a deadline Wednesday for approving a unified 2016 budget, and
lawmakers from both parties are looking for ways to trim the $18 trillion
federal debt.

At least two reports this year have highlighted perceived waste that the
government could address as it tries to reduce spending.

Citizens Against Government Waste released its annual "Prime Cuts" report this
month, recommending programs to eliminate to net about $648 billion in savings
next year.

The group has conservative roots, but its recommendations affect a variety of
programs, from farm aid and defense spending to AmeriCorps and
community-development grants.

Also this month, Rep. Steve Russell (R-Okla.) released the first edition of
"Waste Watch," following in the footsteps of former senator Tom Coburn
(R-Okla.), who published an annual "Waste Book" for years before retiring in
January.

Below are six examples of alleged waste from the analyses.

Dairy and sugar subsidies.  The "Prime Cuts" report calls for an end to
subsidies that assist dairy, peanut and sugar farmers and help control prices
for those products. It says the government could save $2.85 billion in one year
by eliminating the programs.

Citizens Against Government Waste compared sugar subsidies to an "outdated,
Soviet-style command-and-control program," saying most of the assistance goes to
the "wealthiest 1 percent of farmers."

Rural Utilities Service.  The largest savings from the "Prime Cuts" report would
come from terminating the Rural Utilities Service, which provides loans and
grants for utilities such as telephone and Internet service in underserved
areas. The estimated savings would be $9.6 billion in the first year.

Citizens Against Government Waste said many of the projects are wasteful, citing
one that cost nearly $5,500 per resident to provide broadband access to a town
of 122 residents in rural Arkansas.

Not enough Medicare audits.  Not all the "Prime Cuts" recommendations come in
the form of cuts. Some call for ramping up efforts to prevent fraud and improper
payments.

The report recommends reinstating the Recovery Audit Contractor program, which
helped get back nearly $10 billion in improper Medicare payments over eight
years. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services halted the initiative last
year amid a backlog of more than 350,000 appeals.

Citizens Against Government Waste estimated that the government could save $24
billion over five years by restarting the program.

Buildings that turn to mud.  "Waste Watch" notes that the U.S. government paid
an Afghan construction firm nearly $500,000 in 2012 to build an Afghan police
training center that began to disintegrate in the rain four months after the
project was finished. U.S. authorities found that the bricks were made mostly of
sand, with little clay to prevent them from turning to mud.

The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction recommended
recouping the funds, but the process has been delayed while U.S. authorities try
to prove that the contractor violated construction standards. Meanwhile, the
builder is eligible to receive more U.S. taxpayer dollars, Russell's report
said.

Lavish parties for contractors.  "Waste Watch" also takes issue with a nonprofit
contractor billing the U.S. Agency for International Development $1.1 million
for staff parties and retreats at the height of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars.
The Washington Post revealed the spending in a report last month.

Several events took place at Pennsylvania's Nemacolin Woodlands, one of the most
luxurious resorts on the East Coast, were guests enjoy amenities such as country
carriage rides, guided turkey hunts and safari tours of a private animal
collection.

USAID suspended the contractor from receiving further federal money, and at
least three federal agencies are investigating the organization.

Social Security numbers.  A recent watchdog review found that at least 6.5
million active Social Security numbers belong to people who are at least 112
years old and are likely deceased. Only 35 people worldwide had reached that age
as of October 2013.

An inspector general's report last month said the questionable identification
numbers put the government at risk of fraud and waste. Auditors proposed that
the Social Security Administration take action to correct its death records, but
the agency said it doesn't want to divert resources away from efforts to improve
payment accuracy with benefits.

- Josh Hicks

Menendez vows to beat indictment

In his first television appearance since being indicted on federal corruption
charges two weeks ago, Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) vowed to remain in the
Senate and insisted that he will beat the charges leveled against him.

Menendez is charged with bribery for allegedly accepting close to $1 million in
gifts - including campaign contributions and trips on private jets - from
Salomon Melgen, a friend who federal officials say benefited from business help
from the senator's office.

"Prosecutors take snippets of story to make their case. We will have an
opportunity in court to make the entire case," Menendez told Chris Wallace on
"Fox News Sunday." "And when all of the facts are known, I know that I will be
vindicated and we will win."

The interview quickly shifted to foreign policy, specifically Cuba and Iran -
issues on which Menendez is a major player as the ranking Democrat on the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee and as the panel's former chairman.

The son of Cuban immigrants, Menendez has been one of the leading critics of the
Obama administration's moves to normalize relations with Cuba.

Yet he rejected the suggestion by some that the federal charges could be
retribution for his outspoken criticism of the administration, especially on
Iran and Cuba.

- Wesley Lowery

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)

                            November 2, 1986 Sunday

FEDERAL GRANTS FOR COUNSELLING IN RURAL CRISIS

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: COLLIE G

LENGTH: 510 words


Federal grants for counselling in rural crisis By GORDON COLLIE Two rural
Queensland community groups have received Federal Government funding to help
farmers in crisis.

Grants have been approved for employment of rural counsellors at Mackay and at
Chinchilla on the Darling Downs.

A group formed on the initiative of the Mackay District Canegrowers Executive
will receive $34,725 a year to cover 50 percent of the costs of a rural
counsellor for a three-year term.

The Chinchilla Family Support Centre will get an initial $8800 to employ a
counsellor part-time.

Mackay cangerowers chairman Mr Fred Soper said many farmers in the area were
facing great financial and personal hardship. A clear need had been identified
for family advice and support.Committee With the successful application for
federal aid, a broad-based committee had been formed to oversee the counselling
service.

Committee members were the regional manager of the National Australia Bank, Mr
Keith Walker; public accountant Mr Dennis Connole;

Pioneer Shire Clerk Mr Pat Crompton; Bureau of Sugar Experiment Stations
extension officer Mr Gerry Turner; the director of Lifeline in Mackay, Ms Jess
Doherty; and canegrowers Jim Pedersen and John McKay.

The Mackay canegrowers secretary, Mr Jack Smith, said the extent of the crisis
facing local farmers was evident through the number of applications for
financial assistance. In the last financial year, the executive had processed
182 applications from farmers with an aggregate debt of $34 million, or an
average of $200,000.

Mr Smith said the executive had been hard pressed to cope with the financial
side of the crisis without looking at the personal effects on growers and their
families.

Despite a record 8-million-tonne cane crop in the district this season, the
economic outlook for growers remained depressing as a result of low world sugar
prices.

""We have reached the point where a lot of people are close to losing hope and
direction, so the new counselling service will have a very important role to
play," Mr Smith said.

The community development worker with the Chinchilla Family Support Centre, Mrs
Audrey Waddell, said her group was responding to the worsening plight of
graingrowers in the district.

There had been a big increase in the number of farmers or farm wives applying
for unemployment benefits over the past six months. The situation would worsen
in the new year with crop failures appearing likely.

The combination of poor seasons and low grain prices meant that second and
third-generation farmers were in serious trouble.

Mrs Waddell said she believed the numbers applying for assistance were only the
tip of the iceberg.

""Many are reluctant to come forward even though their position is desperate,"
she said.

She expected it would take quite some time before many farmers took advantage of
the new rural counselling service. A counsellor would initially be appointed
part-time, but it was hoped funds would be available for a full-time posting
next financial year.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 1986 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             June 22, 2001, Friday

POUNDS 800,000 TO BREATHE NEW LIFE INTO HOSPITAL

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 365 words


THE former Roe Valley hospital in Limavady was given a new lease of life
yesterday with a financial boost of pounds 800,000.

The funding from the International Fund for Ireland and the Department for
Social Development was awarded to the Limavady Community Development Initiative
(LCDI) as part of a pounds 2.4 million regeneration project in the north-west
market town which will create up to 50 jobs.

Limavady Borough Council are also providing pounds 200,000 towards the cost of
the project. LCDI are planning to convert the former Roe Valley Hospital into a
mixed use facility with office units, residential apartments and creche
facilities.

International Fund for Ireland chairman William McCarter said the transformation
of the building would assist regeneration in the area.

"Community led economic regeneration is a key area of the work for the Fund and
we are very pleased to be able to support this project in Limavady. It will
bring a listed building into economic use and will enable LCDI to expand their
activities on behalf of the community."

Dr Jeremy Harbison, deputy secretary in the Department for Social Development,
which is to provide up to pounds 395,000 towards the project, said the
initiative would bring new life to the historic site.

"This project is highly significant as it will ensure the restoration of this
important listed building and its continued use in serving the local community
in a viable and sustainable way."

The historic building has been used for a variety of purposes over the years.
Built as a workhouse in 1814, it became a cottage hospital in 1896. The premises
were also used as the offices of the Limavady Rural District Council between
1896 and 1970.

In-patient services at the hospital ceased several years ago but out-patient
clinics have continued and these will continue to operate in the restored
building.

Keith Leighton, chairman of Limavady Community Initiative, said: "The offer of
the grant from IFI/DSD represents the first major milestone in the regeneration
of the Roe Valley Hospital. This will ultimately see the provision of a health
living centre type facility for the whole Borough."

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Bamberg among counties in federal Promise Zone

BYLINE: The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 677 words


April 29--Bamberg County is one of several counties in the South Carolina Low
Country expected to benefit from designation as a federal Promise Zone.

U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tim Vilsack and Julian Castro,
secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, on Tuesday
announced eight new Promise Zones, including six cities, one rural area and one
tribal community.

Promise Zones are high-poverty communities where the federal government partners
with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve educational
opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public
health and address other priorities identified by the community.

The South Carolina Low Country, including Bamberg, Barnwell, Allendale,
Colleton, Hampton and Jasper counties, was the single rural area to receive the
designation.

Southern Carolina Alliance will lead the Promise Zone in partnership with more
than 28 organizations within the designated zone and across the state. SCA is a
non-profit economic development organization representing Allendale, Bamberg,
Barnwell, Colleton, Jasper and Hampton counties.

Since its inception in 1996, SCA has played a critical role in obtaining more
than $900 million in capital investment, securing $15.2 million in grant funding
and creating more than 3,700 jobs.

"The Promise Zone designation for our region creates exciting opportunities for
our people," SCA President Danny Black said.

Black said the SCA looks forward to working with its partners "to identify,
pursue and implement programs that will bring real economic development,
community development and workforce training

Improved workforce training and health care delivery, along with infrastructure,
economic and educational development, are among the challenges facing rural
areas that need to be addressed, Black said.

"We will work closely with the USDA and other federal partners to leverage
public and private investment to bring real progress and opportunity to the
region, especially in the creation of private sector jobs," he said.

Kay Maxwell, vice president of marketing at the SCA, said, "Because we're now in
a Promise Zone, any application for federal grants will be scored more highly
because of the Promise Zone designation."

All Promise Zones will receive priority access to federal investments that
further their strategic plans, federal staff on the ground to help them
implement their goals and five full-time AmeriCorps VISTA members to recruit and
manage volunteers and strengthen the capacity of the Promise Zone initiatives.

The five full-time AmeriCorps VISTA members will be stationed at the Southern
Carolina Alliance office, Maxwell said.

"And, federal staff will be on the ground to assist with goals and to help us
with grant applications," she said.

She added, "It's good for the municipal, county and regional agencies as well as
health care, education and housing groups. This should provide a significant
advantage to any of the groups in our area."

The SCA is very interested in having the opportunity to leverage federal and
public resources in the recruitment of private investment, Maxwell said.

"We hope it's going to make a difference," she said.

Castro noted, "From my time as (a) mayor to my tenure as secretary, I've seen
firsthand how a Promise Zone designation can spark progress and possibilities in
underserved neighborhoods."

"When we invest our resources and establish long-lasting public-private
alliances to strengthen educational opportunities, deliver health care, build
infrastructure and create jobs, we are investing in our country's future,"
Vilsack said.

The newly designated Promise Zones join five others that were designated by
President Barack Obama in January 2014, including San Antonio, Texas; Los
Angeles, California; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; the Southeastern Kentucky
Highlands and the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma.

___ (c)2015 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150429-GG-Bamberg-among-counties-in-federal-Promise-Zone-20150429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2015 The Times and Democrat


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                                January 30, 2014

New Community Centre for Topnaars

BYLINE: Eveline De Klerk

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: Utuseb


Construction of a cultural centre for the Topnaar community commenced last week
in the Utuseb settlement about 90km from Walvis Bay.

During a recent visit to the Topnaar community Topnaar Chief Seth Kooitjie told
New Era he is relieved the much anticipated centre that has been in the pipeline
for the past two years has finally taken off. He explained that the cultural
centre that will cost about N$4.5 million is being bankrolled by the Namibian
German Special Initiative Programme (NGSIP). Kooitjie said the centre will
consist of a set of bungalows for overnight guests and tourists, a kiosk, a
community hall, traditional court, a camp for festivals, the chief's traditional
house, an administration block, as well as ablution facilities. The construction
of the centre is expected to be completed by November. "Once completed the
centre will assist the Topnaars in preserving their own culture, promote local
tourism and in the same vein uplift the livelihood of the Topnaar community. We
have also sent some of our people to undertake courses that will be beneficial
to the whole community and the tourism sector. These are all efforts by us to
enhance the living standard of our people," Kooitjie explained

He went on to say the centre would be self-sustaining and would employ its own
staff. "The centre should not become a white elephant as it would be responsible
to generate funds from its own programmes, because it will be in charge of the
day to day operations, as well as the salaries of those employed at the centre,"
Kooitjie said. Also speaking to New Era at the construction site the national
director of the Rural People Institute of Social Empowerment (RISE Namibia),
Pintile Davids said they will facilitate capacity building for the Topnaars so
that the centre does not become a white elephant. "The capacity building will
allow us to enhance the centre by means of preserving the culture and norms of
the Topnaar community, as well as their overall history. It will also be home to
a living museum whereby visitors and tourists will have first hand experience on
the culture of the Topnaars. It will also be used for community gatherings and
other major events that will take place at the settlement." According to Davids,
Rise is a non-governmental organisation involved in rural and community
development. The organisation was established in 1987 and has ever since been
involved in rural micro-financing, livestock grant programmes, community
gardening, bakery projects for women and sewing among others.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 23, 2017 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Republican Governors Say Budget Plan Cuts Too Deep

BYLINE: By ALEXANDER BURNS

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1511 words


Gov. Matt Bevin of Kentucky was unrestrained in his praise for President Trump:
Opening for him at a rally on Monday, Mr. Bevin, a conservative Republican,
echoed Mr. Trump's ''America First'' slogan and only gently noted the nagging
divisions in their party.

''We now have a president and a Congress that are united in party, and yet we
still have disagreements among us,'' Mr. Bevin said, insisting, ''This is
healthy and good.''

In private, Mr. Bevin has been blunter about the party's disagreements. Just
days before appearing with Mr. Trump in Louisville, he joined a conference call
with the president's budget director, Mick Mulvaney, to protest a White House
proposal to defund the Appalachian Regional Commission, an economic development
agency that spans 13 states and steers millions of dollars in federal money to
Kentucky.

Mr. Bevin was not alone in his dismay.

As Mr. Trump and his advisers press for bone-deep cuts to the federal budget,
Republican governors have rapidly emerged as an influential bloc of opposition.
They have complained to the White House about reductions they see as harmful or
arbitrary, and they plan to pressure members of Congress from their states to
oppose them.

Of acute concern to Republicans are a handful of low-profile programs aimed at
job training and economic revitalization, including regional development
agencies like the Appalachian commission and the Delta Regional Authority, which
serves eight Southern and Midwestern states, seven of them with Republican
governors. They are also protective of grants from the Department of Housing and
Urban Development and a $3.4 billion job training program funded through the
Labor Department.

Mr. Trump's budget office has proposed to eliminate or deeply slash funding for
all of those programs, along with dozens of others.

Kim S. Rueben, a budget expert at the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center, said the
retrenchment in Mr. Trump's spending plan appeared to be significantly out of
step with his campaign promises to use the federal government as a machine for
creating jobs, especially in distressed Midwestern and rural areas.

''It just seems like you're going after places that are so pivotal to what you
are arguing you wanted to do for your base,'' Ms. Rueben said of Mr. Trump's
budget. ''They're cutting all sorts of infrastructure projects and economic
development projects at the same time that the president is still talking about
how much of an investment he's going to put into infrastructure.''

The White House's proposed cuts would be felt in matters well beyond economic
development: A budget briefing circulated last week by the National Governors
Association, a nonpartisan group, identified a long list of Trump-backed cuts to
programs that support states. They include the Low Income Home Energy Assistance
Program, a $3 billion project in the Department of Health and Human Services
that helps people pay for heating and air-conditioning, and the Community
Development Block Grant program, a $3 billion initiative of the Department of
Housing and Urban Development that funds local projects from affordable housing
to Meals on Wheels.

Those cuts could come on top of a potentially huge restructuring of the federal
Medicaid program under a Republican-backed health care law. A number of
Republican governors, including John Kasich of Ohio and Brian Sandoval of
Nevada, have publicly criticized the bill under consideration in the House of
Representatives because they say it would impose an impossible fiscal burden on
states.

Republicans have long argued for a more limited federal role in matters of
economic engineering and social welfare, preferring to collect less tax revenue
at the national level and hand over responsibility for a range of programs to
state and local governments. But in practice, state leaders in both parties
often balk at taking on such burdens.

Some of the governors who have voiced worry about the White House budget are
among the country's most conservative. Far from welcoming additional
responsibilities, many of them have focused intently on limiting the size and
cost of state government.

Gov. Robert Bentley of Alabama said he intended to push back against planned
cuts to the Appalachian and Mississippi Delta economic agencies, as well as to
the community development grants.

''The Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional Authority and the
Community Development Block Grants are important resources that provide funding
that benefits rural projects such as infrastructure improvement, job creation,
technology upgrades and school programs,'' Mr. Bentley said in a statement.
''Along with my governor colleagues in the A.R.C. and D.R.A., I look forward to
sharing with Washington how vital these assets are to our poorest and smallest
communities.''

Gov. Asa Hutchinson of Arkansas has already told the administration his
objections to its plans for the Delta Regional Authority, which gave $10 million
in federal grants to states last year, and which the White House budget would
eliminate.

Mr. Hutchinson ''wants to make sure the Delta is not cut off from necessary
economic development funding,'' said J. R. Davis, a spokesman for the governor.
''It's a relied upon program.''

So far, the administration has no apparent strategy to placate uneasy Republican
governors. When Mr. Mulvaney, the budget director, briefed a bipartisan group of
governors and their aides by telephone last week, he spent just a few minutes on
a broad synopsis of the administration's spending plans and took no questions
before turning the call over to a member of the White House staff, according to
four people on the call, some of whom spoke on the condition of anonymity
because it was intended to be private.

By way of defending such extensive cuts, Mr. Mulvaney said simply that the White
House's priority was military spending and that other reductions were necessary
to advance that goal.

After Mr. Mulvaney left the call, White House aides spent about 20 minutes
taking down polite complaints from leaders in both parties, including
Republicans like Mr. Bevin and Paul R. LePage, the governor of Maine and a
strong supporter of Mr. Trump, who said he was concerned about cuts to housing
for the poor. (Spokeswomen for Mr. Bevin and Mr. LePage declined to comment.)

But the aides offered no clear reassurances to the governors, according to
people on the call, merely pledging over and over to get back with answers to
their questions.

''It was, 'We'll get back to you on that,''' recalled Pat Pitney, the budget
director for Gov. Bill Walker of Alaska, a former Republican who was elected as
an independent.

Ms. Pitney said that there was considerable skepticism among governors that Mr.
Trump would be able to enact his budget, but that states heavily dependent on
federal money were already forming coalitions to oppose some provisions. Many of
those alliances are likely to transcend partisan divisions, Ms. Pitney said, as
states team up on matters of regional importance.

''There are going to be a lot of these things that don't fall on party lines,
because it's so impactful to the communities that the Congress and the Senate
represent,'' Ms. Pitney predicted, adding of the proposed cuts, ''I think there
are some that are dead on arrival, but not every one is dead on arrival.''

For all their private unease, only a few Republican governors have openly
criticized Mr. Trump's budget. Advisers to several of them, including some who
spoke on the condition of anonymity, said they saw little benefit to doing so,
since they believe the budget is all but doomed in Congress already. Leaders in
both the House and Senate have indicated that they are unlikely to pass it in
anything resembling its current form, and some have already lined up with their
party's restive governors: Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority
leader, has publicly vowed to oppose any cuts to the Appalachian Regional
Commission of the kind Mr. Bevin fears.

Aides to multiple governors, in both red and blue states, signaled that they
doubted Congress would pass any budget at all, let alone one as disruptive as
Mr. Trump's.

Stephanie Wilson, a spokeswoman for Gov. Eric Holcomb of Indiana, a Republican
elected in November, said the governor's office would work closely with
Indiana's largely Republican congressional delegation to defend state
priorities.

''But we understand the budget process is a long one,'' Ms. Wilson cautioned in
an email. ''The president's proposal will need to work its way through
Congress.''

Amelia Chassé, a spokeswoman for Gov. Larry Hogan of Maryland, was perhaps even
more direct: Asked about Mr. Trump's proposal to wipe out funding for cleanup of
the Chesapeake Bay, Ms. Chassé said Mr. Hogan, a Republican, supported restoring
the bay and would address the White House budget as necessary.

''If any of these proposals ever become law or even draft legislation,'' she
said, ''we will take a serious look at how to address them during our own budget
process.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/22/us/eyeing-trumps-budget-plan-republican-govern
ors-say-no-thanks.html

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Gov. Robert Bentley of Alabama said he would push back against
some spending cuts proposed by the president. (PHOTOGRAPH BY KEVIN D. LILES FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Gov. Matt Bevin of Kentucky, above left, and President Trump boarded Air Force
One after a rally in Louisville on Monday. Some governors worry that budget cuts
will handicap infrastructure projects and job training. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY AL
DRAGO/THE NEW YORK TIMES
 LUKE SHARRETT/BLOOMBERG)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 3, 1984 Friday

A network that shows no warts

BYLINE: RICHARD J. DOYLE; GAM

LENGTH: 593 words


RICHARD J. DOYLE
  IF
  YOU ARE shopping today for an expose, you have turned to the wrong place
 in the paper. No one enjoys a well-turned scandal more than I do. No one
 rejoices more in exposure of vipers, vandals or political predators. But
 it is often said of newspapers (well, this newspaper anyway) that we
 flourish on the follies of others and survive on the sorrows of victims.

We see sweet things tied to the railroad tracks of life and tell you
 about them after the milk train has gone through.

Today, however, I'm going to tell you about an organization that, to
 the best of my knowledge, has no warts at all. No warts, unless you are
 willing to share my guilt that I am not one of their saints who go
 marching through.

The outfit is the Canadian Institute of Cultural Affairs, of which most
 of you are aware. If, however, you had asked me a week ago, I would have
 pigeon-holed it as a society dedicated to the revival of obscure
 nineteenth century operettas.

Ha! The Canadian Institute of Cultural Affairs is part of a network
 that contributes to innovative community development in 37 countries. It
 believes fanatically in local motivation and in the virtue of shared
 experience and in paying its own way. Cultural? What could be more
 cultural than the development of cranberry bogs near Bala and the
 subsequent investment of profits in uniquely designed housing for senior
 citizens?
    What could be more cultural than the construction of hydroponic
 facilities for the year-round growing of lettuce in Port McNicholl - and
 the investment of Be-Web-Bon profits in housing for Metis and non-status
 Indians?
    Take a look at Information Orillia, which "matches up human needs with
 appropriate resources". It specializes in mental health, counselling and
 legal aid. And it can and does provide bed and breakfast.

Down in Nova Scotia, the Voluntary Associations for Community
 Development co-ordinate the work of 25 rural development groups. In Prince
 Edward Island, the Tignish Co-operatives started in 1926 and now organize
 11 outfits, including a credit union, sawmill, service station and health
 clinic.

La Ronge Band, which serves 20,000 miles of rural Saskatchewan, has
 developed a wild rice corporation, a trucking company, a fishing firm and
 a vocational training program.

Westman Media Co-operative Ltd., in Manitoba, runs cable TV. Acadian
 Village Renewal, in New Brunswick, has made a mighty impact on local
 tourism.

What these enterprises have had in common is the spur of individual
 initiative. Last summer 50 of the local leaders came together in Orillia,
 where they did their best to convince each other - and the Institute of
 Cultural Affairs - that, even in hard times, nothing is impossible.

They were invited, then and there, to take their conviction and sell it
 in an international forum. The Institute of Cultural Affairs was to be the
 sponsor of the first International Exposition of Rural Development in New
 Delhi in February.

A dozen participants in Canadian grassroots projects would be welcome.
 With one large "if".  If they could pay their own way.

In a country where almost no one is asked to go anywhere (in the name
 of a good cause) without portal to portal expenses guaranteed, the
 institute's poor-mouth invitation was greeted with tears of gratitude.
 From band funds to government grants to returns on projects - even from
 bake sales - the delegates themselves have found the money needed to
 embark on their great adventure in "sharing approaches that work".

There are still pioneers in the country - and that's the good news for
 today.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

GRANTS TO AID SMALL BUSINESSES

BYLINE:  JUDY NEWMAN  jdnewman@madison.com, 608-252-6156

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 339 words


Small businesses in the Madison area - especially those started by lower-income
and minority residents - could get a helping hand thanks to a grant from
JPMorgan Chase & Co.

The three-year, $2.68 million grant from the company's PRO Neighborhoods
(Partnerships for Raising Opportunity) program has been awarded to Invest in
Wisconsin, a collaboration of four community development financial institutions.

The money will be used to promote economic opportunity and reduce disparities in
five Wisconsin cities and the rural areas around them: Madison, Appleton, Eau
Claire, Green Bay and Racine.

Getting chosen for the grant is "huge," said Salli Martyniak, president of
Forward Community Investments, Madison, one of the four organizations that will
manage the funds.

She said the money will be used to provide loans and financial education, with
the focus on helping lower income and minority residents start companies and
create jobs.

The program is designed to use innovative financing options for those who might
not be able to go through normal (financial) channels, she said.

"We will be looking for business opportunities as well as community programs
that could benefit," Martyniak said.

For example, she said, there are many small businesses operating in the FEED
(Food Enterprise and Economic Development) Kitchens on Sherman Avenue.

"Maybe a business is ready to take a leap and start its own venture," Martyniak
said.

The other groups that will administer the grant money are: Community Assets for
People, Stevens Point; First American Capital Corp., West Allis; and the
Wisconsin Women's Business Initiative Corp., Milwaukee.

Martyniak said Invest in Wisconsin is hoping the JPMorgan Chase funding will
leverage more investment from the private sector. "JPMorgan Chase believes in
us, so why doesn't Wisconsin invest in Wisconsin?" she said.

She said the groups hope to start providing financing in early 2016. "We will
host meetings throughout the five communities to look at what the specific needs
are in those communities," she said.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SETH WENIG - Associated Press archives A grant program from JPMorgan
Chase & Co. promotes economic opportunity in Wisconsin cities.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 March 20, 1989

Scots agency pioneers aid for estates

BYLINE: By PETER HETHERINGTON

LENGTH: 331 words


A government agency in Scotland will next month launch the first co-ordinated
programme in Britain to regenerate large housing estates. The programme signals
a switch of resources from the inner city.

A new organisation, Scottish Homes, will bring initiatives embracing business
and community development, as well as house improvements, to peripheral estates.
Some of the estates have populations of more than 30,000.

The Scottish Secretary, Mr Malcolm Rifkind, is determined to give the outer city
priority. A string of initiatives co-ordinated by the Scottish Development
Agency are already under way in the inner cities.

Initially, the new agency has the task of helping to improve four of Scotland's
largest estates: Castlemilk (Glasgow), Whitfield (Dundee), Wester Hailes
(Edinburgh) and Ferguslie Park (Paisley). But the agency, which becomes
operational on April 1, will also concentrate on rural housing.

Scottish Homes is an amalgamation of the 50-year-old Scottish Special Housing
Association (SSHA) and the Housing Corporation in Scotland. With a budget of
Pounds 350 million in its first year, it has been labelled a housing equivalent
of the powerful Scottish Development Agency. It will be able to make grants and
loans, and to acquire and develop land.

Initially, the organisation encountered strong resentment from councils, often
Labour-controlled, which feared that Mr Rifkind was seeking to undermine their
most cherished power: managing 850,000 houses, 41 per cent of Scotland's stock.

But in a weekend speech to the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities, Mr
Rifkind offered a new era of closer liaison and 'mutual respect.'

The Shadow Scottish Secretary, Mr Donald Dewar, has said that a future Labour
government will not abolish Scottish Homes.

Mr George Irvine, chief executive of Scottish Homes, said that his agency sought
more choice in the Scottish housing market. But it was determined to work with
councils and tenants.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               November 30, 2004

Environment charity chance for teachers

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 209 words


Earthwatch, the international environmental charity, is offering British
teachers the chance to join an Earthwatch Discovery Project in 2005.

Successful applicants could find themselves studying the Isle of Scilly's grey
seal population or monitoring the behaviour of dolphins and whales in the Inner
Hebrides during the school holidays.

They will also receive a grant to kick-start environmental projects such as
nature trails or recycling initiatives in their own school or local area.

Anthony Barlow, a past award-winner and a team member on Britain's basking
sharks project, said: "The project opened my eyes to the real world of
scientific research and the knowledge I gained about Britain's marine life was
fascinating."

The closing date for applications is February 14, 2005. To apply, contact Julie
Mackay on 01865 318826.

l As many as 50 Scottish teachers could be heading for Africa next summer as
part of the Global Teachers programme run by Link Community Development.

Involvement in the programme usually

lasts for 15 months

centring on a five-week placement in July and August in a school development
project in rural South Africa, or Uganda. Further details about the scheme can
be found at www.lcd.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2004 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Sunday Sun (UK)

                                 March 8, 2009
                                  1st Edition

FOR LOVE NOT MONEY www.flnm.co.uk

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 322 words


WHILE football at a grassroots level is often seen to be thriving in the
inner-cities, it is also proving to be the case in rural Northumberland thanks
to a huge cash injection.

Longhougton Community Development Trust is striving to build a state-of-the-art
sports complex in the village.

And their dream has been boosted thanks to a pounds 1million grant from the
Football Foundation.

It will be put towards a pounds 1.5million project that hopes to create three
football pitches - one artificial and two grass - with sports changing
facilities and a general purpose community building .

The grant was the maximum possible that the Foundation can award, and Newcastle
United star Steven Taylor handed over the cheque on their behalf to members of
the delighted Trust.

It is hoped that the facility will be open to the public by the summer, with the
initiative building on the achievements of the village's football club
Longhoughton Rangers.

The facility will enable grass-roots football to expand across the county as
well as providing an all-weather surface on which participants in other sports
can train.

But the project is not restricted to sport and will provide a permanent home for
all existing community groups.

Taylor, who has 25 England U21 caps to his name, said: "Football is more than
just a sport in this part of the world, it is a real passion.

"The players really appreciate the support we get from fans on a match-day, and
I am delighted the top of the game is able to give something back and support
communities through these Football Foundation grants.

"This pounds 1million from the Foundation will help create first-class
facilities and enable more local people to play regular sport. "

The chairman of Longhoughton Rangers YFC, Paul Kiddell, said: "Longhoughton
Rangers have experienced so many high points in our short histor y.

"However, nothing has generated so much excitement as this project."

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2009 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 3, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Officials Turn to Congress to Help Save Federal Grants;
Communities Use Funds for Social, Business Programs

BYLINE: Mary Otto, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Southern Maryland Extra; T08

LENGTH: 780 words


In the past 30 years, millions of federal dollars have flowed into Maryland
communities by way of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's
community development block grant program.

Under a broad mandate to rejuvenate aging communities and help alleviate
poverty, the flexible grant, known as the CDBG, has been used for an  array of
projects, from repairing sidewalks to funding child-care programs and efforts to
help the homeless.

Montgomery County officials have used the block grants to enhance urban
streetscapes in Silver Spring and Wheaton; in Anne Arundel County, officials
have built apartments for low-income elderly residents; in Howard County, the
grants have helped finance small-business loans and career training programs;
and in Prince George's County, the money has been used to revitalize the Route 1
corridor. Maryland received $62.8 million in CDBG money in fiscal 2005.

Smaller and more rural communities have also benefited from the grants.

"I'd be in trouble without them," said Tonja Fraser-Jenkins, a housing official
in St. Mary's County, where CDBG money helped fund housing rehabilitation and
home ownership programs.

Elsewhere in Southern Maryland, Charles County received a $126,000 block grant
recently to assist in the renovation of a drug and alcohol treatment center in
Bel Alton. And Calvert County has been given money for road repairs in North
Beach in recent years.

More than $53 million of Maryland's total in the current budget was awarded to
individual towns, cities and counties, with the remainder going to the state's
$50 million neighborhood revitalization budget for disbursement to smaller
jurisdictions.

Now, however, state and county officials and housing advocates are struggling
with the news that the $4.1 billion program would be eliminated from the federal
housing budget for the coming year under President Bush's proposal.

"It's a nightmare -- let's all hope we wake up," said Luann W. Korona,
Montgomery's chief of federal programs. Many other local officials echoed that
sentiment.

Under the president's plan, the CDBG would be combined with 17 programs and
moved to the Commerce Department as part of a new $3.7 billion "Strengthening
America's Communities Initiative." Federal officials say the new program would
eliminate redundancy among programs.

"The grants will be much more targeted in the future . . . to make sure the
communities most in need get more money," said David A. Sampson, assistant
commerce secretary for economic development.

But in Maryland, some leaders said they fear that such a change could  spell the
end of the CDBG.

"We all worry about it getting lost in Commerce," said Montgomery County
Executive Douglas M. Duncan (D). "HUD is focused on removing blight and bringing
communities back to life. Commerce doesn't have that same focus."

Montgomery has come to count on its roughly $6 million a year in CDBG funding
for a variety of anti-poverty and urban renewal programs, such as bringing
computers to public housing complexes, English language classes to ethnic
communities and medical services to poor neighborhoods, Duncan said.

"Thirty years of helping people succeed should not be dismantled overnight,"
Duncan said.

Neil Gaffney, Howard County's deputy director of housing and community
development, is also worried. The county, which obtained $1.3 million in block
grant money in the current fiscal year, depends on the funds for its efforts to
"close the gap between the wealthy and those in need," such as helping elderly
people stay in their homes and younger people establish careers that pay a
living wage, Gaffney said. He said he fears that under the proposal to target
the poorest communities, Howard would lose its funding.

"We are [known as] the second wealthiest county in the country," Gaffney said.
"What happens to our poor?"

The annual block grants  have often been used as seed money to help put together
larger projects that incorporated private and state funding.

"We got a little under $3 million, but we used it to leverage $6 million to $8
million," said Kathleen Koch, who runs the CDBG program in Anne Arundel. In Glen
Burnie, block grant funding helped pay for a new 100-unit apartment complex for
elderly residents.

"The beauty of the block grant program was that you are able to craft the
program to meet locally identified needs," Koch said.

Around the state, officials are turning to Maryland's congressional delegation,
demanding a fight to save the CDBG, said housing advocate Becky Sherblom,
executive director of the Maryland Center for Community Development.

"Now Congress is where the game is at," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 20, 2017 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Is Trump gutting Meals on Wheels? His budget director says no.

BYLINE: Philip Rucker

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 563 words


Program gets little U.S. funding; Democrats blast Trump's overall cuts

Meals on Wheels, the popular nationwide program that provides hot meals to needy
seniors, has become a rallying point for critics of President Trump's proposed
budget, which slashes spending on social initiatives to beef up military
spending.

But on Sunday, the Trump administration answered with an emphatic "no" the
question of whether the budget would gut Meals on Wheels.

Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget, said the funding
source the administration seeks to eliminate - the Department of Housing and
Urban Development's community development block grants - accounts for only 3
percent of Meals on Wheels's overall funding.

"Some of the stories are just either grossly wrong or nearly grossly wrong, all
the stories about how we cut Meals on Wheels," Mulvaney said on NBC's "Meet the
Press."

OMB spokesman John Czwartacki said later that Mulvaney meant to say that Meals
on Wheels' national headquarters gets 3 percent of its funding from the
government, noting that he was not referring to funding from community
development block grants. It is unclear what percentage of the program's funding
comes from HUD, but it is a relatively small amount.

Meals on Wheels is not a federal program, nor do its local groups directly
receive federal funding. Rather, the groups run on a mix of local, state and
federal money, as well as private donations and the work  of volunteers.

Most federal money that ends up supporting Meals on Wheels comes from a separate
program run by the Department of Health and Human Services. The Trump
administration has proposed cutting the overall HHS budget by 17.9 percent, but
has not yet detailed those cuts or whether they would impact the Administration
for Community Living, which funds nutrition programs for the elderly, as The
Washington Post's Fact Checker columnist Glenn Kessler explained. A top official
at Meals on Wheels told Kessler that the organization anticipates the cuts will
affect its funding.

Democrats sought Sunday to shame the Trump administration for a budget that
takes away resources for programs such as Meals on Wheels. House Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said the Trump budget would "take money from Meals on
Wheels and give it to the Defense Department."

"We take an oath to protect and defend our country, but our strength is measured
in more ways than just taking money for the health, education and well-being of
the American people, which is a source of our strength," Pelosi said on CBS's
"Face the Nation." "So compassionate acts of mercy? I don't know what faith that
is."

Mulvaney defended the budget against criticism that its cuts to social programs
would be painful for millions of working-class voters in rural states that went
heavily for Trump in last fall's election.

"The president knows who his voters are," Mulvaney said, arguing that the budget
demonstrates "compassion."

Noting that Trump supporters are sensitive to how their tax dollars are spent,
he added, "Could I, as a budget director, look at the coal miner in West
Virginia and say, 'I want you, please, to give some of your money to the federal
government so that I can give it to the National Endowment for the Arts?' And I
just think we finally got to the point in the administration where we couldn't
do that."

philip.rucker@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2017 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 3, 1989

Waging the War on Poverty

BYLINE: By JACK KEMP, Secretary, Department, of Housing and Urban Development

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1307 words

HIGHLIGHT: During testimony before the House Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs
Committee, Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Jack
Kemp told legislators he seeks a partnership of government and private interests
to wage a war on poverty.  Excerpts from his remarks are reprinted as our Open
Forum report.


A dream must be recaptured for our urban cities and for those people urban and
rural who today live their lives in poverty and despair.

Meeting their urgent needs requires the cooperation of the Congress, the
Administration, and everyone else who cares about the plight of his or her
fellow human beings.

I want to use the full resources of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development to wage a war on poverty.

Of course, the Federal government is not the only partner in this battle.

We must recognize the potential of private sector entrepreneurship and self-help
neighborhood organizations to create an opportunity society for all Americans.

To help meet our obligation, President Bush and I laid out five priorities for
my stewardship at HUD:

* a commitment to help end homelessness;

* economic development and jobs, through free enterprise zones to encourage
entrepreneurship and job creation in distressed inner cities and rural areas;

* recapturing the American dream of homeownership, by making housing more
affordable for the poor and for young families just starting out;

* empowering the poor through initiatives like residential management and
ownership of public housing and making sure public housing is "drug free"; and

* the full enforcement of the new fair housing law.

These are all long term goals.  To meet them requires that we develop a
consensus and energize all the available resources -- public and private, profit
and non-profit -- at our command in order to achieve our common purpose.

First, the homeless.  This committee was instrumental in the enactment of the
McKinney Act in the last Congress.

The McKinney Act addresses a critical emergency need for shelter and supportive
services.  But, it is not sufficient -- nor is it intended -- to address the
many problems that lie at the root of homelessness.

We must go beyond McKinney and mobilize all resources of the nation -- Federal,
state, local and private -- to move families back into the mainstream of the
economy.

We have proposed in the 1990 budget a new matching grant program to help create
innovative public/private partnerships to address many facets of homelessness.
Just as the Federal government does not have a monopoly on resources, neither
has it cornered the market on ideas.  We must encourage and foster the most
promising innovative and successful local solutions that provide not only basic
shelter, but also jobs, permanent housing, health care and dignity.

Secondly, economic development.  Winning the war on poverty hinges on economic
development and job creation.  Enterprise zones remove barriers to investment
and entrepreneurship in our distressed inner cities and help unleash the power
of free enterprise.

As Bobby Kennedy once said, "to fight poverty without the power of free
enterprise, is to wage war with a single platoon while great armies are left to
stand outside."

We need to encourage job creation and entrepreneurial activity in those areas
that have been left behind as our national macro-economic recovery has generated
close to 19 million new jobs as it enters its eighth year.

The enterprise zone concept has risen from a unique coalition of Republicans and
Democrats, liberals and conservative -- as many of you know a member of this
committee, Bob Garcia, and I, as well as Bill Gray and Charles Rangel, worked on
this idea for years.

In 1987, this Committee with its initiation of the Housing and Community
Development Act took the first, critical step of authorizing the designation of
free enterprise zones.  The time is right for the passage of the needed Federal
tax incentives for enterprise zones -- urban and rural -- and I look forward to
working with Congress to pass legislation swiftly.

Finally, the Community Development Block Grant Program has had some success and
merits our support.  This program is particularly valuable in its contribution
to housing rehabilitation and other activities which directly benefit low income
families.

I would like to explore with this committee how to better target these economic
development funds to low income people and distressed areas of America whether
urban or rural.

A third priority is to increase homeownership and urban homesteading.  The
Federal Housing Administration provides an opportunity to young families for
homeownership.  More than 17 million Americans have become homeowners because of
FHA insurance.

In 1987, you made certain that FHA's key insurance programs would exist
permanently and I will continue my strong support of FHA's basic mission.

Homeownership has declined among young families recently and regardless of its
reason we can help reverse that trend.  I am considering changes and reform to
FHA that can be made while still maintaining the fund's overall strength and
integrity.

I am aware that several bills have been introduced, many by members of this
Committee, which present a variety of options for first-time buyers.

But, while many people look at homeownership in the traditional context of
single-family housing, a trip out I-295 shows how homeownership can empower the
poor and redirect an entire community's future.

Kenilworth/Parkside is a public housing project where, thanks to the leadership
of a now-famous young woman named Kimi Gray, residents have put down a stake in
the community through resident management and ownership of their homes.

We need to help empower the poor by encouraging homeownership and resident
management wherever possible.

And it is possible.  Just recently I was in Philadelphia when the city graduated
its first class of 'public housing tenant-manager trainees'; women who will soon
be running the projects in which they live.

We have made progress toward facilitating tenant management and homeownership
around the nation.  I hope to work with Congress to make these programs succeed
without reducing housing assistance to low income people.

The fourth high priority is to increase affordability of housing.  The choice
and mobility provided by housing vouchers make them critical to our shared goal
of assisting low-income families who are in need of housing assistance.

While I am a believer in the voucher program as a tool for increasing housing
opportunity and low-income assistance, I am also interested in how vouchers
could be better used, or what improvements could be made to the assisted housing
program.

The basic purpose of the assisted housing program is to ensure poor families
have access to decent and affordable housing.

But if there are better ways to help families move into jobs and economic
opportunities that will lead to their ability to find and afford unassisted
housing, then I believe we should pursue them vigorously, and my mind is open to
other ideas as well.

In addition to increasing the number of families we are assisting, we also must
deal with situations affected by prepayments, property sales or other activities
which may contribute to displacement.

Further, we are committed to protecting families in need who are already receive
housing assistance through the Section 8 program.

It is vital this committee and my department work together to develop a
responsible approach to dealing with the preservation of assistance to families
in need.

This will require that the department be given the flexibility to use a variety
of tools so that the best possible solution can be devised for each case.

The goal of the Administration is to expand the availability of affordable low
income housing.

The first step is to secure enactment of the 109,000-unit incremental program
for 1990.

Within available resources we will look at other options, including using more
effectively available tax incentives and better use of public-private
partnerships to expand low-income housing opportunities.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                   Copyright 1989 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday
                                   L2 Edition

IBCA says Danville will house the 'official' hoops hall of fame -BYLN- By Jerry
Fitzpatrick jfitzpatrick@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1056 words


There has never been a permanent location for an Illinois high school basketball
hall of fame.

Soon there will be two, which is causing a bit of confusion.

Since its formation in 1971, the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association (IBCA)
has always intended to secure a permanent venue to honor the players, coaches,
referees, administrators, teams, friends of basketball, and media members it
inducts annually to its hall of fame.

The organization's plaques and memorabilia were temporarily housed in a modest
display at the Bloomington Holiday Inn, but the facility closed a few years ago.
That's when the IBCA began looking for a permanent home.

Two locations expressed interest in becoming the permanent host: Danville and
Pinckneyville.

Danville, a city of 33,000 people located 35 miles east of Champaign-Urbana
along Interstate 74, was the first to approach the IBCA, according to
Westminster Christian boys basketball coach Bruce Firchau, the IBCA's Hall of
Fame Museum Chairman.

But another movement gained traction in Pinckneyville, a town of 5,600 located
roughly midway between Carbondale and St. Louis. That group is led by former
IBCA President Dick Corn, who won over 700 games and two Class A state titles
before retiring as Pinckneyville High School coach in 2007.

As one part of a nine-part initiative developed in 2006 to spur interest,
tourism and economic development in Pinckneyville, the area approved two museums
designed to celebrate the region's history. They settled on the Illinois High
School Basketball Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, the latter of
which will focus on the area's farming and agricultural history.

In March of 2010, the movement to build the Pinckneyville museums got a shot in
the arm in the form of a $750,000 grant from the Community Development Systems
Program of the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. The
state grant is to be split equally between the Illinois High School Basketball
Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, though not a dime has yet been spent
because plans have yet to be finalized.

Corn said the Pinckneyville project has also secured $350,000 in private
donations despite the difficult economic climate.

However, the IBCA did not choose Pinckneyville to host its official hall of
fame. It chose Danville.

"I just think there were too many board members who thought we weren't centrally
located," said Corn, whose group plans to move forward regardless.

"I'm not at war with the IBCA," he said. "There are lots of high school
basketball stories out there to be told, so I'm sure there's room for a couple
of museums if that's what happens."

At a press conference in Danville on March 19, the IBCA unveiled its plans to
build the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame within the David S. Palmer Civic
Center. The permanent exhibit will be paid for via two phases of private
fundraising with a projected opening in 2013.

The exhibit itself will feature interactive video displays incorporating the
latest technology alongside historic memorabilia, according to Firchau. That
includes all the memorabilia collected by the IBCA through the years like 3,000
state tournament photos, team photos of past state champions, county and state
tournament programs dating back to the 1920s, video displays of hall-of-fame
plaques, team uniforms, signed basketballs, antique scoreboards, etc.

The interior will be constructed first and opened immediately upon completion.
The exterior, which will feature a courtyard, improved landscaping and flagpoles
topped by the flags of reigning state champions, will be renovated later as part
of the second phase.

Unlike the museum in Pinckneyville, which will focus solely on high school
basketball, the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame in Danville will also include
the histories of Illinois collegiate and professional basketball teams. However,
the state's rich high school hoops history, both boys and girls, will be the
museum's main focus.

"We want you smelling the popcorn and hearing the squeaks of the shoes when you
walk in," Firchau said of the Danville facility. "We want to make you feel like
you are there watching, and I think we can do that with old films and
interactive displays and things of that nature."

Soon after the IBCA made its Danville announcement, Corn sent a survey to
athletic directors and basketball coaches around the state in an attempt to
gather information for the High School Basketball Hall of Fame Museum in
Pinckneyville. Part of that survey asked whether schools would be willing to
donate memorabilia.

In response, the IBCA last week sent a letter to high schools statewide, which
it also released on its website. That letter stated: "At this time we want to
clarify that an effort to start an Illinois High School Basketball Hall of Fame
in Pinckneyville is not affiliated or endorsed by the Illinois Basketball
Coaches Association."

Firchau said the IBCA received multiple responses thanking the organization for
the clarification. Others have expressed similar feelings.

"I was confused when I got Dick Corn's letter," said Jim Hinkle, boys basketball
coach at Jacobs High School in Algonquin and a 2010 IBCA Hall of Fame inductee.
"Then I got the letter from the IBCA and that cleared things up in my mind."

Where would Hinkle donate items from the high school teams he has coached at
Chester, Dundee, Irving Crown, Jacobs or at Elgin Community College?

"My allegiance would be to the IBCA," Hinkle said. "It's kind of a sticky wicket
because I like the people in Pinckneyville, but we all belong to the IBCA. Heck,
that association helped me get a job when I came here from Chester. I've
supported them in everything they do strictly because that association gave me
the opportunity to have the career I've had."

Corn isn't shocked by such a response.

"I expected some IBCA members to feel that way and I don't have a problem with
their allegiance whatsoever," he said. "But I've visited the Indiana High School
Hall of Fame on a couple of occasions. I asked a couple of people about the
memorabilia and they just belly laughed at me and said 'Let me take you to our
storage room because that's why we're building an addition right now.'

"I don't think memorabilia is going to be a problem."

Ready or not, Illinois high school hoops fans, you're about to go from zero
halls of fame to two.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday
                                   F3 Edition

IBCA says Danville will house 'official' hoops hall of fame

BYLINE: By Jerry Fitzpatrick jfitzpatrick@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1056 words


There has never been a permanent location for an Illinois high school basketball
hall of fame.

Soon there will be two, which is causing a bit of confusion.

Since its formation in 1971, the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association (IBCA)
has always intended to secure a permanent venue to honor the players, coaches,
referees, administrators, teams, friends of basketball, and media members it
inducts annually to its hall of fame.

The organization's plaques and memorabilia were temporarily housed in a modest
display at the Bloomington Holiday Inn, but the facility closed a few years ago.
That's when the IBCA began looking for a permanent home.

Two locations expressed interest in becoming the permanent host: Danville and
Pinckneyville.

Danville, a city of 33,000 people located 35 miles east of Champaign-Urbana
along Interstate 74, was the first to approach the IBCA, according to
Westminster Christian boys basketball coach Bruce Firchau, the IBCA's Hall of
Fame Museum Chairman.

But another movement gained traction in Pinckneyville, a town of 5,600 located
roughly midway between Carbondale and St. Louis. That group is led by former
IBCA President Dick Corn, who won over 700 games and two Class A state titles
before retiring as Pinckneyville High School coach in 2007.

As one part of a nine-part initiative developed in 2006 to spur interest,
tourism and economic development in Pinckneyville, the area approved two museums
designed to celebrate the region's history. They settled on the Illinois High
School Basketball Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, the latter of
which will focus on the area's farming and agricultural history.

In March of 2010, the movement to build the Pinckneyville museums got a shot in
the arm in the form of a $750,000 grant from the Community Development Systems
Program of the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. The
state grant is to be split equally between the Illinois High School Basketball
Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, though not a dime has yet been spent
because plans have yet to be finalized.

Corn said the Pinckneyville project has also secured $350,000 in private
donations despite the difficult economic climate.

However, the IBCA did not choose Pinckneyville to host its official hall of
fame. It chose Danville.

"I just think there were too many board members who thought we weren't centrally
located," said Corn, whose group plans to move forward regardless.

"I'm not at war with the IBCA," he said. "There are lots of high school
basketball stories out there to be told, so I'm sure there's room for a couple
of museums if that's what happens."

At a press conference in Danville on March 19, the IBCA unveiled its plans to
build the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame within the David S. Palmer Civic
Center. The permanent exhibit will be paid for via two phases of private
fundraising with a projected opening in 2013.

The exhibit itself will feature interactive video displays incorporating the
latest technology alongside historic memorabilia, according to Firchau. That
includes all the memorabilia collected by the IBCA through the years like 3,000
state tournament photos, team photos of past state champions, county and state
tournament programs dating back to the 1920s, video displays of hall-of-fame
plaques, team uniforms, signed basketballs, antique scoreboards, etc.

The interior will be constructed first and opened immediately upon completion.
The exterior, which will feature a courtyard, improved landscaping and flagpoles
topped by the flags of reigning state champions, will be renovated later as part
of the second phase.

Unlike the museum in Pinckneyville, which will focus solely on high school
basketball, the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame in Danville will also include
the histories of Illinois collegiate and professional basketball teams. However,
the state's rich high school hoops history, both boys and girls, will be the
museum's main focus.

"We want you smelling the popcorn and hearing the squeaks of the shoes when you
walk in," Firchau said of the Danville facility. "We want to make you feel like
you are there watching, and I think we can do that with old films and
interactive displays and things of that nature."

Soon after the IBCA made its Danville announcement, Corn sent a survey to
athletic directors and basketball coaches around the state in an attempt to
gather information for the High School Basketball Hall of Fame Museum in
Pinckneyville. Part of that survey asked whether schools would be willing to
donate memorabilia.

In response, the IBCA last week sent a letter to high schools statewide, which
it also released on its website. That letter stated: "At this time we want to
clarify that an effort to start an Illinois High School Basketball Hall of Fame
in Pinckneyville is not affiliated or endorsed by the Illinois Basketball
Coaches Association."

Firchau said the IBCA received multiple responses thanking the organization for
the clarification. Others have expressed similar feelings.

"I was confused when I got Dick Corn's letter," said Jim Hinkle, boys basketball
coach at Jacobs High School in Algonquin and a 2010 IBCA Hall of Fame inductee.
"Then I got the letter from the IBCA and that cleared things up in my mind."

Where would Hinkle donate items from the high school teams he has coached at
Chester, Dundee, Irving Crown, Jacobs or at Elgin Community College?

"My allegiance would be to the IBCA," Hinkle said. "It's kind of a sticky wicket
because I like the people in Pinckneyville, but we all belong to the IBCA. Heck,
that association helped me get a job when I came here from Chester. I've
supported them in everything they do strictly because that association gave me
the opportunity to have the career I've had."

Corn isn't shocked by such a response.

"I expected some IBCA members to feel that way and I don't have a problem with
their allegiance whatsoever," he said. "But I've visited the Indiana High School
Hall of Fame on a couple of occasions. I asked a couple of people about the
memorabilia and they just belly laughed at me and said 'Let me take you to our
storage room because that's why we're building an addition right now.'

"I don't think memorabilia is going to be a problem."

Ready or not, Illinois high school hoops fans, you're about to go from zero
halls of fame to two.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Illustration by Patrick Kunzer/pkunzer@dailyherald.com The
official IBCA Basketball Hall of Fame will be housed in Danville. A second
Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame is planned for Pinckneyville. Photo
Illustration by Patrick Kunzer/ pkunzer@dailyherald.com
 Two locations have been proposed for the ICBA Hall of Fame -- Danville and
Pinckneyville Photo Illustration by Patrick Kunzer/pkunzer@dailyherald.com
 The official IBCA Basketball Hall of Fame will be housed in Danville. A second
Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame is planned for Pinckneyville.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday
                                   D1 Edition

IBCA says Danville will house 'official' hoops hall of fame

BYLINE: By Jerry Fitzpatrick jfitzpatrick@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1055 words


There has never been a permanent location for an Illinois high school basketball
hall of fame.

Soon there will be two, which is causing a bit of confusion.

Since its formation in 1971, the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association has
always intended to secure a permanent venue to honor the players, coaches,
referees, administrators, teams, friends of basketball and media members it
inducts annually to its hall of fame.

The organization's plaques and memorabilia were temporarily housed in a modest
display at the Bloomington Holiday Inn, but the facility closed a few years ago.
That's when the IBCA began looking for a permanent home.

Two locations expressed interest in becoming the permanent host: Danville and
Pinckneyville.

Danville, a city of 33,000 people located 35 miles east of Champaign-Urbana
along Interstate 74, was the first to approach the IBCA, according to
Westminster Christian boys basketball coach Bruce Firchau, the IBCA's Hall of
Fame Museum Chairman.

But another movement gained traction in Pinckneyville, a town of 5,600 located
roughly midway between Carbondale and St. Louis. That group is led by former
IBCA President Dick Corn, who won more than 700 games and two Class A state
titles before retiring as Pinckneyville High School coach in 2007.

As one part of a nine-part initiative developed in 2006 to spur interest,
tourism and economic development in Pinckneyville, the area approved two museums
designed to celebrate the region's history. They settled on the Illinois High
School Basketball Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, the latter of
which will focus on the area's farming and agricultural history.

In March 2010 the movement to build the Pinckneyville museums got a shot in the
arm in the form of a $750,000 grant from the Community Development Systems
Program of the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. The
state grant is to be split equally between the Illinois High School Basketball
Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, though not a dime has yet been spent
because plans have yet to be finalized.

Corn said the Pinckneyville project has also secured $350,000 in private
donations despite the difficult economic climate.

However, the IBCA did not choose Pinckneyville to host its official hall of
fame. It chose Danville.

"I just think there were too many board members who thought we weren't centrally
located," said Corn, whose group plans to move forward regardless.

"I'm not at war with the IBCA," he said. "There are lots of high school
basketball stories out there to be told, so I'm sure there's room for a couple
of museums if that's what happens."

At a press conference in Danville on March 19, the IBCA unveiled its plans to
build the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame within the David S. Palmer Civic
Center. The permanent exhibit will be paid for via two phases of private
fundraising with a projected opening in 2013.

The exhibit itself will feature interactive video displays incorporating the
latest technology alongside historic memorabilia, according to Firchau. That
includes all the memorabilia collected by the IBCA through the years like 3,000
state tournament photos, team photos of past state champions, county and state
tournament programs dating back to the 1920s, video displays of hall-of-fame
plaques, team uniforms, signed basketballs, antique scoreboards, etc.

The interior will be constructed first and opened immediately upon completion.
The exterior, which will feature a courtyard, improved landscaping and flagpoles
topped by the flags of reigning state champions, will be renovated later as part
of the second phase.

Unlike the museum in Pinckneyville, which will focus solely on high school
basketball, the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame in Danville will also include
the histories of Illinois collegiate and professional basketball teams. However,
the state's rich high school hoops history, both boys and girls, will be the
museum's main focus.

"We want you smelling the popcorn and hearing the squeaks of the shoes when you
walk in," Firchau said of the Danville facility. "We want to make you feel like
you are there watching, and I think we can do that with old films and
interactive displays and things of that nature."

Soon after the IBCA made its Danville announcement, Corn sent a survey to
athletic directors and basketball coaches around the state in an attempt to
gather information for the High School Basketball Hall of Fame Museum in
Pinckneyville. Part of that survey asked whether schools would be willing to
donate memorabilia.

In response, the IBCA last week sent a letter to high schools statewide, which
it also released on its website. That letter stated: "At this time we want to
clarify that an effort to start an Illinois High School Basketball Hall of Fame
in Pinckneyville is not affiliated or endorsed by the Illinois Basketball
Coaches Association."

Firchau said the IBCA received multiple responses thanking the organization for
the clarification. Others have expressed similar feelings.

"I was confused when I got Dick Corn's letter," said Jim Hinkle, boys basketball
coach at Jacobs High School in Algonquin and a 2010 IBCA Hall of Fame inductee.
"Then I got the letter from the IBCA and that cleared things up in my mind."

Where would Hinkle donate items from the high school teams he has coached at
Chester, Dundee, Irving Crown, Jacobs or at Elgin Community College?

"My allegiance would be to the IBCA," Hinkle said. "It's kind of a sticky wicket
because I like the people in Pinckneyville, but we all belong to the IBCA. Heck,
that association helped me get a job when I came here from Chester. I've
supported them in everything they do strictly because that association gave me
the opportunity to have the career I've had."

Corn isn't shocked by such a response.

"I expected some IBCA members to feel that way and I don't have a problem with
their allegiance whatsoever," he said. "But I've visited the Indiana High School
Hall of Fame on a couple of occasions. I asked a couple of people about the
memorabilia and they just belly laughed at me and said, 'Let me take you to our
storage room because that's why we're building an addition right now.'

"I don't think memorabilia is going to be a problem."

Ready or not, Illinois high school hoops fans, you're about to go from zero
halls of fame to two.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday
                                   C3 Edition

IBCA says Danville will house 'official' hoops hall of fame

BYLINE: By Jerry Fitzpatrick jfitzpatrick@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 961 words


There has never been a permanent location for an Illinois high school basketball
hall of fame.

Soon there will be two, which is causing a bit of confusion.

Since its formation in 1971, the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association (IBCA)
has always intended to secure a permanent venue to honor the players, coaches,
referees, administrators, teams, friends of basketball, and media members it
inducts annually to its hall of fame.

The organization's plaques and memorabilia were temporarily housed in a modest
display at the Bloomington Holiday Inn, but the facility closed a few years ago.
That's when the IBCA began looking for a permanent home.

Two locations expressed interest in becoming the permanent host: Danville and
Pinckneyville.

Danville, a city of 33,000 people located 35 miles east of Champaign-Urbana
along Interstate 74, was the first to approach the IBCA, according to
Westminster Christian boys basketball coach Bruce Firchau, the IBCA's Hall of
Fame Museum Chairman.

But another movement gained traction in Pinckneyville, a town of 5,600 located
roughly midway between Carbondale and St. Louis. That group is led by former
IBCA President Dick Corn, who won over 700 games and two Class A state titles
before retiring as Pinckneyville High School coach in 2007.

As one part of a nine-part initiative developed in 2006 to spur interest,
tourism and economic development in Pinckneyville, the area approved two museums
designed to celebrate the region's history. They settled on the Illinois High
School Basketball Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, the latter of
which will focus on the area's farming and agricultural history.

In March of 2010, the movement to build the Pinckneyville museums got a shot in
the arm in the form of a $750,000 grant from the Community Development Systems
Program of the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. The
state grant is to be split equally between the Illinois High School Basketball
Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, though not a dime has yet been spent
because plans have yet to be finalized.

Corn said the Pinckneyville project has also secured $350,000 in private
donations despite the difficult economic climate.

However, the IBCA did not choose Pinckneyville to host its official hall of
fame. It chose Danville.

"I just think there were too many board members who thought we weren't centrally
located," said Corn, whose group plans to move forward regardless.

"I'm not at war with the IBCA," he said. "There are lots of high school
basketball stories out there to be told, so I'm sure there's room for a couple
of museums if that's what happens."

At a press conference in Danville on March 19, the IBCA unveiled its plans to
build the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame within the David S. Palmer Civic
Center. The permanent exhibit will be paid for via two phases of private
fundraising with a projected opening in 2013.

The exhibit itself will feature interactive video displays incorporating the
latest technology alongside historic memorabilia, according to Firchau. That
includes all the memorabilia collected by the IBCA through the years like 3,000
state tournament photos, team photos of past state champions, county and state
tournament programs dating back to the 1920s, video displays of hall-of-fame
plaques, team uniforms, signed basketballs, antique scoreboards, etc.

The interior will be constructed first and opened immediately upon completion.
The exterior, which will feature a courtyard, improved landscaping and flagpoles
topped by the flags of reigning state champions, will be renovated later as part
of the second phase.

Unlike the museum in Pinckneyville, which will focus solely on high school
basketball, the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame in Danville will also include
the histories of Illinois collegiate and professional basketball teams. However,
the state's rich high school hoops history, both boys and girls, will be the
museum's main focus.

"We want you smelling the popcorn and hearing the squeaks of the shoes when you
walk in," Firchau said of the Danville facility. "We want to make you feel like
you are there watching, and I think we can do that with old films and
interactive displays and things of that nature."

Soon after the IBCA made its Danville announcement, Corn sent a survey to
athletic directors and basketball coaches around the state in an attempt to
gather information for the High School Basketball Hall of Fame Museum in
Pinckneyville. Part of that survey asked whether schools would be willing to
donate memorabilia.

In response, the IBCA last week sent a letter to high schools statewide, which
it also released on its website. That letter stated: "At this time we want to
clarify that an effort to start an Illinois High School Basketball Hall of Fame
in Pinckneyville is not affiliated or endorsed by the Illinois Basketball
Coaches Association."

Firchau said the IBCA received multiple responses thanking the organization for
the clarification. Others have expressed similar feelings.

"I was confused when I got Dick Corn's letter," said Jim Hinkle, boys basketball
coach at Jacobs High School in Algonquin and a 2010 IBCA Hall of Fame inductee.
"Then I got the letter from the IBCA and that cleared things up in my mind."

Where would Hinkle donate items from the high school teams he has coached at
Chester, Dundee, Irving Crown, Jacobs or at Elgin Community College?

"My allegiance would be to the IBCA," Hinkle said. "It's kind of a sticky wicket
because I like the people in Pinckneyville, but we all belong to the IBCA. Heck,
that association helped me get a job when I came here from Chester. I've
supported them in everything they do strictly because that association gave me
the opportunity to have the career I've had."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday
                                   M1 Edition

IBCA says Danville will house 'official' hoops hall

BYLINE: By Jerry Fitzpatrick jfitzpatrick@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1056 words


There has never been a permanent location for an Illinois high school basketball
hall of fame.

Soon there will be two, which is causing a bit of confusion.

Since its formation in 1971, the Illinois Basketball Coaches Association (IBCA)
has always intended to secure a permanent venue to honor the players, coaches,
referees, administrators, teams, friends of basketball, and media members it
inducts annually to its hall of fame.

The organization's plaques and memorabilia were temporarily housed in a modest
display at the Bloomington Holiday Inn, but the facility closed a few years ago.
That's when the IBCA began looking for a permanent home.

Two locations expressed interest in becoming the permanent host: Danville and
Pinckneyville.

Danville, a city of 33,000 people located 35 miles east of Champaign-Urbana
along Interstate 74, was the first to approach the IBCA, according to
Westminster Christian boys basketball coach Bruce Firchau, the IBCA's Hall of
Fame Museum Chairman.

But another movement gained traction in Pinckneyville, a town of 5,600 located
roughly midway between Carbondale and St. Louis. That group is led by former
IBCA President Dick Corn, who won over 700 games and two Class A state titles
before retiring as Pinckneyville High School coach in 2007.

As one part of a nine-part initiative developed in 2006 to spur interest,
tourism and economic development in Pinckneyville, the area approved two museums
designed to celebrate the region's history. They settled on the Illinois High
School Basketball Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, the latter of
which will focus on the area's farming and agricultural history.

In March of 2010, the movement to build the Pinckneyville museums got a shot in
the arm in the form of a $750,000 grant from the Community Development Systems
Program of the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity. The
state grant is to be split equally between the Illinois High School Basketball
Hall of Fame and the Rural Heritage Museum, though not a dime has yet been spent
because plans have yet to be finalized.

Corn said the Pinckneyville project has also secured $350,000 in private
donations despite the difficult economic climate.

However, the IBCA did not choose Pinckneyville to host its official hall of
fame. It chose Danville.

"I just think there were too many board members who thought we weren't centrally
located," said Corn, whose group plans to move forward regardless.

"I'm not at war with the IBCA," he said. "There are lots of high school
basketball stories out there to be told, so I'm sure there's room for a couple
of museums if that's what happens."

At a press conference in Danville on March 19, the IBCA unveiled its plans to
build the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame within the David S. Palmer Civic
Center. The permanent exhibit will be paid for via two phases of private
fundraising with a projected opening in 2013.

The exhibit itself will feature interactive video displays incorporating the
latest technology alongside historic memorabilia, according to Firchau. That
includes all the memorabilia collected by the IBCA through the years like 3,000
state tournament photos, team photos of past state champions, county and state
tournament programs dating back to the 1920s, video displays of hall-of-fame
plaques, team uniforms, signed basketballs, antique scoreboards, etc.

The interior will be constructed first and opened immediately upon completion.
The exterior, which will feature a courtyard, improved landscaping and flagpoles
topped by the flags of reigning state champions, will be renovated later as part
of the second phase.

Unlike the museum in Pinckneyville, which will focus solely on high school
basketball, the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame in Danville will also include
the histories of Illinois collegiate and professional basketball teams. However,
the state's rich high school hoops history, both boys and girls, will be the
museum's main focus.

"We want you smelling the popcorn and hearing the squeaks of the shoes when you
walk in," Firchau said of the Danville facility. "We want to make you feel like
you are there watching, and I think we can do that with old films and
interactive displays and things of that nature."

Soon after the IBCA made its Danville announcement, Corn sent a survey to
athletic directors and basketball coaches around the state in an attempt to
gather information for the High School Basketball Hall of Fame Museum in
Pinckneyville. Part of that survey asked whether schools would be willing to
donate memorabilia.

In response, the IBCA last week sent a letter to high schools statewide, which
it also released on its website. That letter stated: "At this time we want to
clarify that an effort to start an Illinois High School Basketball Hall of Fame
in Pinckneyville is not affiliated or endorsed by the Illinois Basketball
Coaches Association."

Firchau said the IBCA received multiple responses thanking the organization for
the clarification. Others have expressed similar feelings.

"I was confused when I got Dick Corn's letter," said Jim Hinkle, boys basketball
coach at Jacobs High School in Algonquin and a 2010 IBCA Hall of Fame inductee.
"Then I got the letter from the IBCA and that cleared things up in my mind."

Where would Hinkle donate items from the high school teams he has coached at
Chester, Dundee, Irving Crown, Jacobs or at Elgin Community College?

"My allegiance would be to the IBCA," Hinkle said. "It's kind of a sticky wicket
because I like the people in Pinckneyville, but we all belong to the IBCA. Heck,
that association helped me get a job when I came here from Chester. I've
supported them in everything they do strictly because that association gave me
the opportunity to have the career I've had."

Corn isn't shocked by such a response.

"I expected some IBCA members to feel that way and I don't have a problem with
their allegiance whatsoever," he said. "But I've visited the Indiana High School
Hall of Fame on a couple of occasions. I asked a couple of people about the
memorabilia and they just belly laughed at me and said 'Let me take you to our
storage room because that's why we're building an addition right now.'

"I don't think memorabilia is going to be a problem."

Ready or not, Illinois high school hoops fans, you're about to go from zero
halls of fame to two.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Illustration by Patrick Kunzer/pkunzer@dailyherald.com The
official IBCA Basketball Hall of Fame will be housed in Danville. A second
Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame is planned for Pinckneyville. Photo
Illustration by Patrick Kunzer/ pkunzer@dailyherald.com
 Two locations have been proposed for the ICBA Hall of Fame -- Danville and
Pinckneyville Photo Illustration by Patrick Kunzer/pkunzer@dailyherald.com
 The official IBCA Basketball Hall of Fame will be housed in Danville. A second
Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame is planned for Pinckneyville.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Retirement System, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:

  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

 ee



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 25, 2005 Tuesday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

The buck stops in D.C.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 440 words


THANKS IN PART TO ASSISTANCE from Washington, St. Louis is able to serve more
than 60,000 meals to the elderly each year, provide health screening and
treatment for more than 35,000 patients, give emergency shelter to 6,000
families, revive sections of its sagging downtown, stabilize neighborhoods,
assist crime victims and undertake numerous other human- and
community-development initiatives.

This is money well spent, but the Bush administration may ask local governments
to get by with less. The White House reportedly will seek major cuts in the
federal block grant program, which funds all of these city services.
Administration officials have told The Washington Post that the White House
wants to jettison dozens of economic development programs, including rural
housing, and shift some anti-poverty programs from the Housing Department to the
Labor and Commerce departments. The reported aim is to trim about $8 billion, or
about one quarter of HUD's entire budget.

What local officials like most about the block grant program is that it can be
used to fund a variety of projects. What they don't like is the uncertainty of
funding. Last year, St. Louis got about $33 million. The year before, it got
about $25 million, which was 10 percent less than it got in 2002.

An administration official said the cuts have less to do with achieving savings
than with holding "communities accountable for helping those people and to
become more efficient in the process."

It's easy to talk about promoting efficiency in government when you're sitting
in an office on Pennsylvania Avenue and haven't bothered to visit a senior
citizens center where elderly residents eagerly await hot meals. It's easy if
you haven't watched the faces of a Bootheel family brighten as it moves into
affordable rental housing.

It's unfair to suggest that urban, suburban and rural communities aren't already
doing more with less. St. Louisans, for example, already have taxed themselves
to provide extra health and housing services to children and the homeless. Other
towns are trying to scrape up extra funds to shore up schools, roads, police
protection and other essentials.

Reasonable voices in Congress, including members of Mr. Bush's own party,
undoubtedly will push for the administration to show more compassion. After all,
the block grant idea originated during the Nixon administration and was signed
into law by President Gerald Ford as a way to help local communities help
themselves without having to follow dictates from Washington. That approach to
government is as valid today as it was 30 years ago. And it is every bit as
vital to the people it serves.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  BLOCK GRANTS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 28, 1994

Enterprise, FNMA To Fund $ 150 Million

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A national non-profit organization has teamed up with a giant secondary market
agencies to bring $ 150 million in financing to affordable multifamily lending,
particularly to finance properties in urban areas and underserved suburban and
rural locations.

The Enterprise Foundation, in partnership with the Federal National Mortgage
Association has introduced a new mortgage program for non-profit developers of
affordable multifamily housing financed with Federal low-income housing tax
credits.

The nationwide program will be made available through Enterprise Mortgage
Investments Inc., a new entity formed by Enterprise and initially capitalized by
Fannie Mae.

EMI, which will be headed by Stephen H. Gardiner, will finance new or renovated
multifamily rental properties with at least 15 units and will offer fixedrate
mortgages starting at $ 500,000 with terms of up to 25 years.

Mortgage amounts are expected to average about $ 750,000.

Fannie Mae has committed to purchase $ 150 million of loans originated under
EMI's lending program.

Mr. Gardiner said that amount is "a major statement." He added that these loans,
which are being made to developers and community development corporations and
others in central city areas, are the most difficult to do.

Mr. Gardiner, EMI's president, expects the deal to attract additional investors.
"We hope this program encourages more banking institutions to expand their roles
in affordable housing construction loans and to serve as local resources for
EMI's permanent loan program," he said.

The EMI program will give developers the ability to lock in an interest rate for
up to 12 months to allow for construction completion and initial occupancy.

Another feature will allow developers to borrow up to 90% of appraised value
based on restricted rents of the low-income units.  EMI will require a 1.1-to-1
debt service coverage.  The program will be offered directly to non-profit
developers and community development corporations and other organizations that
cannot readily access mortgage financing.

Fannie Mae has approved EMI as a special lender and its loans will be handled in
a way similar to multifamily mortgage loans that are sold by lenders
participating in the agency's delegated underwriting and servicing program.

Housing financed by EMI will be available for residents who earn 60% or less of
the area median income.

EMI's lending initiative will be capitalized with a $ 1.5 million matching grant
by the National Community Development Initiative to Enterprise, which in turn
will fund a portion of EMI's loan-loss reserves.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 #



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces $18.1 Million to Help Rural Businesses Create Jobs

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced loans and grants for 92
projects worth $18.1 million to help support the start-up or expansion of rural
small businesses. These funds are part of more than 20,000 grants and loans to
more than 85,000 rural businesses USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service has
awarded since the start of the Obama administration.





 "I am proud of the work USDA has done to help small businesses grow in rural
America because they are the engine that creates jobs," Vilsack said. "These
funds will allow small and emerging businesses and the organizations that
support them to get the financing they need to strengthen their operations,
create jobs and expand economic opportunities. Thanks to the 2014 Farm Bill, we
can continue this work in a more streamlined and efficient way to benefit small
businesses and the American taxpayer."



 USDA is awarding the funds through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program, the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) and the Rural
Business Development Grant (RBDG) program.



 USDA provides grants or zero-interest loans through the REDLG program to
utilities that in turn fund projects to create and retain employment in rural
areas. Vilsack announced $11.7 million in REDLG loans and grants for 18
recipients.



 One of the organizations receiving funds under the REDLG program is the South
Mississippi Electric Power Association, which has been selected for a $2 million
loan. It will lend part of that to the city of Greenwood, which will buy and
renovate a building for the Milwaukee Tools company. This project is expected to
create more than 100 jobs in Lenore County. Lenore is one of many counties
across the nation USDA has targeted for special assistance through the
StrikeForce Initiative for Rural Growth and Opportunity. USDA launched
StrikeForce in 2010 to increase investments in rural communities through
intensive outreach and stronger partnerships with community leaders, businesses,
foundations and other groups that are working to combat poverty.



 In the Intermediary Relending Program (IRP), Vilsack announced $2.5 million for
three IRP recipients. Colorado's First Southwest Bank is receiving a $1 million
loan for business and community development in 11 counties in the southwest part
of the state. The IRP program provides 1 percent loans to non-profit groups,
cooperatives, federally recognized tribes and public agencies.



 USDA is awarding 71 Rural Business Development Grants totaling $4 million.
Congress established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining the
Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program. One of the RBDG recipients, the Tennessee College of Applied
Technology-Morristown, will receive a $110,020 grant to buy state-of-the-art
equipment to train students in advanced manufacturing. The Northern Community
Investment Corporation in Vermont is receiving two grants totaling $454,892 to
establish a revolving fund and to provide technical assistance and professional
consulting to help small businesses.



 Past examples of how these awards have helped grow the economy in rural America
include:



     Sisters Kim Brigham Campbell and Terrie Brigham, in Oregon's Hood River
County, used part of an IRP loan awarded to the Mid-Columbia Economic
Development District to open a retail store. They sell salmon, steelhead,
sturgeon and other fish harvested from sites that have been passed down within
this Native American family for generations. The store opened in May 2014.

     USDA's REDLG program is fueling the growth of a firm in Eastern Kentucky.
USDA awarded a $740,000 REDLG loan to the Jackson Energy Cooperative in FY 2011.
The Cooperative, in turn, loaned a portion of those funds to Senture, which
constructed a building where it provides call-center and support services for
private companies and government agencies. Senture is a family-owned business
headquartered in London.

     In FY 2014, USDA Rural Development awarded a $64,990 Rural Business
Enterprise Grant to Sustainable Northwest, a non-profit in Portland, Ore., to
find commercial uses and markets for Western Juniper. It is a widespread and
often problematic species in central and eastern parts of the state. Sustainable
Northwest is using USDA's grant to help create timber and forestry jobs in rural
Oregon and contribute to ecosystem restoration by identifying additional uses
for Western Juniper wood products.



 The funding for today's awardees totals $18.1 million and is contingent upon
the recipients meeting the terms of the loan and grant agreements.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Utah: $25 Million Pledged for Economic Development Partnership in Flint

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salt Lake City: Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:


 The initiative will provide $25 million to homeowners, businesses,
entrepreneurs, and residents of Flint and Genesee County, including commitments
of $20 million for Small Business Administration working capital loans ranging
from $5,000 to $5 million; $2 million to fund microloans of up to $250,000 for
small business owners; $2 million for specialized mortgage financing in support
of home renovations associated with the crisis; and $1 million for grants to
businesses that have been hurt by the crisis. In addition, the initiative will
launch a Flint Youth Financial Entrepreneurship Program aimed at teaching
children and young adults about business, entrepreneurship, and money
management.


 Partners in the initiative, including the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation, the
Community Foundation of Greater Flint, the Flint & Genesee Chamber of Commerce,
Metro Community Development, and the Michigan Economic Development Corporation,
will help  manage the program.
 FlintNOW was launched in January by Tom Gores, chair and CEO of Platinum Equity
and owner of the Detroit Pistons, to support immediate relief for victims of the
water crisis as well as longer-term revitalization of the region's economy.
Gores himself donated $1 million to what initially was a $10 million campaign,
which included grants to CFGF's Flint Child Health & Development Fund, the
United Way of Genesee County's Flint Water Fund, and the American Red Cross,
Crain's Detroit Business reports. Columbus, Ohio-based Huntington Bank is the
second-largest SBA 7(a) lender in the United States and the largest such lender
in Michigan.
 "They're bringing $25 million to the table, which is an important and
meaningful financial commitment," said Platinum Equity partner Mark Barnhill,
co-leader of the initiative . "They're also providing experience and structure
that will help our efforts to ensure that the capital gets to the people who
need it most, and that the programs have long-term staying power."
 "This is exactly the kind of private sector partnership we envisioned when we
launched FlintNOW," said Gores. "The government is responsible for fixing the
water supply in Flint, but we're all responsible for fixing the community. This
partnership signifies the momentum we need for the future of Flint."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

Partners in Ministry receives $10K grant

BYLINE: The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 336 words


May 09--EAST LAURINBURG -- Partners in Ministry has received a $10,000 grant to
enhance the community garden at its East Laurinburg campus by providing
internships for local youth, who will eventually build and operate their own
produce stand.

Creating New Economies Fund grant is from The Conservation Fund's Resourceful
Communities program. Produce grown by participating youth will also be
distributed through the organization's food pantry on the second and fourth
Saturday of each month.

Via the produce stand, young gardeners will complete a business plan as well as
plans for marketing and staffing with the help from community volunteers.

"We are so grateful for the partnership of Resourceful Communities and for their
long standing support of the work we are doing at Partners In Ministry," said
Lee Anne Venable, outreach coordinator for Partners In Ministry. "Not only do
they provide funding, they also provide invaluable technical assistance for us
as well. Our community garden has become a wonderful outlet for not only
teaching healthy eating but about the importance of planning, hard work, and
patience- skills that everyone can certainly appreciate and benefit from."

Resourceful Communities awarded 35 grants totaling more than $300,000 to support
innovative "triple bottom line" projects which integrate sustainable economic
development, environmental stewardship and social justice.

The program is funded with support from the Kate B. Reynolds Charitable Trust,
The Oak Foundation, USDA Rural Communities Development Initiative and the Z.
Smith Reynolds Foundation. Partners In Ministry initiates partnerships with
local churches and community organizations for its youth programs, Urgent
Housing Repair Program, and Resource and Referral Program. The ministry serves
Richmond, Robeson, Scotland, Hoke and Cumberland counties.

___ (c)2015 The Laurinburg Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) Visit The Laurinburg
Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) at www.laurinburgexchange.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150509-1LX-Partners-in-Ministry-receives-10K-grant-0509-20150509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                     Copyright 2015 The Laurinburg Exchange


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

Partners in Ministry receives $10K grant

BYLINE: The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 336 words


May 08--EAST LAURINBURG -- Partners in Ministry has received a $10,000 grant to
enhance the community garden at its East Laurinburg campus by providing
internships for local youth, who will eventually build and operate their own
produce stand.

Creating New Economies Fund grant is from The Conservation Fund's Resourceful
Communities program. Produce grown by participating youth will also be
distributed through the organization's food pantry on the second and fourth
Saturday of each month.

Via the produce stand, young gardeners will complete a business plan as well as
plans for marketing and staffing with the help from community volunteers.

"We are so grateful for the partnership of Resourceful Communities and for their
long standing support of the work we are doing at Partners In Ministry," said
Lee Anne Venable, outreach coordinator for Partners In Ministry. "Not only do
they provide funding, they also provide invaluable technical assistance for us
as well. Our community garden has become a wonderful outlet for not only
teaching healthy eating but about the importance of planning, hard work, and
patience- skills that everyone can certainly appreciate and benefit from."

Resourceful Communities awarded 35 grants totaling more than $300,000 to support
innovative "triple bottom line" projects which integrate sustainable economic
development, environmental stewardship and social justice.

The program is funded with support from the Kate B. Reynolds Charitable Trust,
The Oak Foundation, USDA Rural Communities Development Initiative and the Z.
Smith Reynolds Foundation. Partners In Ministry initiates partnerships with
local churches and community organizations for its youth programs, Urgent
Housing Repair Program, and Resource and Referral Program. The ministry serves
Richmond, Robeson, Scotland, Hoke and Cumberland counties.

___ (c)2015 The Laurinburg Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) Visit The Laurinburg
Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) at www.laurinburgexchange.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150508-1LX-Partners-in-Ministry-receives-10K-grant-0508-20150508

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                     Copyright 2015 The Laurinburg Exchange


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 21, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Addressing the Needs of Working Families in Rural America

LENGTH: 747  words

DATELINE: Washington


The White House has issued the following news release:

This was originally posted on the Huffington Post, and is part of a series of
essays about the issues facing working families, leading up to the White House
Summit on Working Families on June 23, 2014.

You can learn more about the Summit and how you can get involved at
www.workingfamiliessummit.org.

Last Wednesday, I participated in a regional forum of the White House Working
Families Summit that was held at Virginia State University in Petersburg,
Virginia. Coming from a small town in Southwest Georgia myself, I can relate to
the unique challenges that rural Americans face. Growing up, my father worked
seven days a week on our peanut and cattle farm with help from my mother. To
make sure our family had a constant source of income and health insurance, my
mother also worked off the farm at the local independent bank. I am fortunate to
be the product of hard working parents who provided my sister and me with the
best opportunities possible.

All families have a right to have access to a good education system, affordable
healthcare and jobs. Our rural families are concerned about creating strong
prospects for their children, whether it is on or off the farm. But it is also
essential that there are opportunities that will attract young people back to
rural areas and help us secure the future of agriculture.

The Obama Administration is committed to providing opportunities for working
families across the country. That's why earlier this year President Obama
created the Made in Rural America Export and Investment Initiative to help rural
businesses and leaders take advantage of new investment opportunities and access
new markets abroad.

In rural America, transportation and market access issues create complex
challenges for working families. During the summit, I spoke with Maxine Ayers,
legal assistant by day and partner in a seven-generation family farm by night.
Maxine is working hard to help prepare her son to take over the family farm. In
addition to working her job and taking care of the farm, she is also responsible
for her in-laws' medical care and must regularly drive two hours to get her
in-laws the care they need. I also spoke with Dee Dee Darden, owner of a country
store and farmer, who faces similar rural transportation hurdles. On top of
running her store and farm, she must drive three to four hours to sell her
livestock. While transportation issues are still a challenge, USDA brings
economic opportunities to rural communities through programs such as the Rural
Community Development Initiative and Rural Business Opportunity Grants.

There are many ways that USDA is working to create opportunities in rural areas.
First, we work to address issues of access and quality of life through efforts
like Rural Development's community facilities and broadband programs. Second, we
support new markets for farm and ranch products, at home and abroad. Whether
it's promoting international trade, bringing products to local and regional
markets or supporting the bio-based economy, USDA programs help expand
opportunities for rural businesses to thrive. Third, your local USDA office can
help you find programs for your community, your business and your family.

In the United States, there are twice as many farmers that are ages 65 or older
than those ages 45 or younger. As our aging farmers transition to retirement, it
is crucial that we determine who the next generation of farmers and ranchers
will be. It is easy to forget that one percent of the population is responsible
for feeding the entire country and much of the world.

Young, talented rural leaders are needed to help us tackle challenges like
climate change, food security and the overall health of our economy. It was so
promising to see college students in the audience who were passionate about
farming and rural America. Whether it is their local FFA or 4-H chapter or
serving in student government, I always encourage young folks to get involved in
their local communities.

I am proud to be from rural America, and I know that others feel the same sense
of community that I do, but there are many challenges that rural residents face.
Folks in rural America have an unparalleled amount of drive and passion that
makes their communities a vibrant place to live. At USDA, we will continue to do
everything we can to help working families succeed for generations to come.

For more information please visit: http://www.whitehouse.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                               February 12, 2007

CSR: Women and youth the target

BYLINE: Toh Mei Ling

LENGTH: 1130 words


In the past few years, many corporations have jumped on the corporate social
responsibility (CSR) bandwagon. Even so, it remains to be seen if these
companies truly understand the intangible benefits of strategic CSR or if they
are just following the current flavour.

Of the many different causes on which companies choose to focus their CSR
activities, bridging the digital divide (BDD) and digital inclusion for all is
likely the most challenging.

Just last week, Minister of Energy, Water and Communications Datuk Seri Dr Lim
Keng Yaik revealed that one initiative called TeleCentres, where PCs are placed
in rural community centres, was being poorly utilised. It has come at a high
cost. With over 900 such centres, with each costing between RM200,000 and
RM300,000, that is a conservative estimate of RM225 million spent! (RM250,000
times 900 centres).

Besides government-driven initiatives, technology-driven companies in the
private sector dominate this area, pledging millions annually in a bid to
provide rural communities and the underprivileged the opportunity to learn basic
IT skills and improve their lives. Microsoft has been actively making efforts to
bridge the digital divide through its Unlimited Potential (UP) Programme, which
started in 2003. Its senior director of global community affairs, Akhtar
Badshah, says UP's key objective is to ensure that every individual from
underserved communities who wants to acquire IT skills is able to get them.

"There are many people who don't have the opportunity to go back to formal
education just to learn IT. This is especially so for women, the elderly and the
disabled. Our focus is to enable these people to learn in a community centre
environment," he explains. Based in Microsoft's head office in Washington,
Akhtar was recently in town to present grants to two new non-governmental
organisation (NGO) partners -- Young Women's Christian Association (YWCA) and
Yayasan Salam - under Malaysia's UP Programme.

Interestingly enough, Akhtar is an architect by training and had spent 15 years
as a researcher and lecturer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
During this time, his work required him to look deeply into community
development for both rural and urban communities. In fact, Akhtar had worked on
the initial Golden Triangle development project in the heart of Kuala Lumpur.
"Back then, we never imagined that it would be what it is today," he reminisces.

Over the years, Akhtar built vast contacts globally and acquired a good
understanding of the subject, which led him to start several NGOs. As the ex-CEO
and president of the Digital Partners Foundation, Akhtar established the
organisation's core programmes in India, Africa and Latin America. The
foundation is dedicated to utilising the digital economy to benefit the poor. He
believes that his past experiences allow him to bring his knowledge back to the
boardroom so that management can better understand the people they are trying to
reach. "The programme is very ground-up. I enjoy going into the field and seeing
first hand how different communities live their daily lives," he adds.

On a macro perspective, the UP Programme is uniform on a global basis but Akhtar
highlights that one centre is very different from another. "What you see at the
local YWCA centre is vastly different from the one that is housed in a hut in a
remote village in India. Every organisation that we support has its own way of
doing things so all the programmes are very localised."

From this year on, Microsoft will be taking a more focused approach by targeting
its efforts towards providing basic IT training to women and youth. The
programme's target group for Malaysia has changed from before when it used to
focus on rural and underserved communities. This is largely because of the
problems that cropped up from its previous partnership with the Ministry of
Science, Technology and Innovation to set up rural IT centres nationwide. Due to
the fact that these centres were attached to local post offices, there was some
tension there.

"The post offices did not allow us to conduct some of the activities that we
wanted to do for the centre. We were very much dependent on the space that was
given to us by the post offices. However, we realised that if the centres were
to stand alone, it would have been better in terms of freedom but we would've
encountered problems with electricity and connectivity. It was a trade-off
decision that had to be made. Whether or not it is a success, well, the way I
see it, some people benefited from it, if not all. So I would consider it a
success because we are still making a difference," Akhtar smiles. Even with the
problems that they had, many of the 40 centres that were established are still
running.

The most common and obvious challenges in BDD efforts are the lack of
electricity, connectivity and equipment maintenance. Aside from this, Akhtar
says measuring the outcome of programmes has been hard. This is because of
difficulties in keeping track of the people who have been trained to see if
there has been any difference in their lives. "Many times, people get out of the
skills that they have trained for, so it is hard to keep in contact with all of
them. For us, we judge the success of our programmes from the overall impact
that they have had on people's lives."

Akhtar cites two initiatives which he feels have been successful. "In Colombia,
there are schools where they train children for the agriculture industry. To
enhance the programme that they have, we set up computer labs where these
children are taught how to market and sell agricultural products online. Another
good example is a centre that we have set up in a province in China, just south
of Inner Mongolia. These people are farmers and they still live in caves carved
out of mountains. Through our programme, they learnt how to do greenhouse
farming. As a result, their income has tripled from before," he says proudly.

Often, sustainability is a big problem for BDD efforts because people have a
tendency to lose interest after a period of time. Also, it is difficult to
maintain these centres without constant grants and funding. On the other hand, a
large portion of responsibility lies with those who are operating the centres.
Because of this, Akhtar stresses the importance of selecting the right partner
to work with. "The success of an initiative is not merely providing technology.
It is also providing the people with relevant and useful information. If the
content that is offered is not locally relevant, the access point will then shut
down because there is no feeling of ownership. To be sustainable, IT centres
should not be just focused on IT - they should take a holistic approach," he
advises.

Comments: feedback@bizedge.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            March 7, 2001 Wednesday

Latest round of state grants awarded

BYLINE: STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL, Pg. 9

LENGTH: 468 words


Gov. George Ryan this week announced the release of more than $1.5 million in
grants to help capital development projects for central and western Illinois,
including $85,000 for restoration and additions to the Lincoln Memorial Garden
and Nature Center in Springfield.

The Springfield center is one 39 public museums in Illinois to receive state
dollars from the Museum Capital Grants Program. The museum grants total $10
million.

" The Museum Capital Grants Program is providing much-needed support to local
initiatives that are strengthening the ability of museums to meet their
educational missions," Ryan said in a written statement.

Also this week, Taylorville officials learned they'll be getting $336,000 in
state funding to cover approximately half the cost of continuing installation of
new storm sewers in Ward 3, part of a five-phase project that began in 1996 to
install storm sewers throughout the city.

This portion of the project extends the new storm sewer over six blocks in the
southwest corner of town from Vandeveer and Houston streets north one block to
Adams and Simpson streets.

Taylorville Mayor Jim Montgomery Jr. said the city had applied for $400,000 in
state assistance and has received $1.2 million from the state for the storm
sewer project as a whole.

Montgomery said the city hopes to have the Ward 3 phase of the project done by
the end of this year. Phase four of the five-step project is expected to cost
$685,000.

The Department of Commerce and Community Affairs announced Taylorville's grant
through the state's Community Development Assistance Program.

Among other communities that received a share of the $24 million doled out for
various community projects was the village of Tovey, which received $80, 000 to
design a connecting water line to Pawnee.

Among other Springfield- area grants announced this week is Illinois FIRST
funding that includes:

* $175,000 to the Bunker Hill Fire Protection District to buy a new fire truck.

* $170,000 to the Chapin Rural Fire Association to buy a new fire truck and
safety equipment.

* $102,400 to the Logan County Sheriff's Department to buy defibrillators for
Logan, Mason, DeWitt, Woodford and Tazewell counties.

* $100,000 to the Murrayville-Woodson Emergency Ambulance Service to buy a new
and a used ambulance.

* $100,000 to the Scottville-Modesto Rural Fire Protection District to renovate
its stations and purchase a new fire truck.

* $100,000 to the city of Jacksonville to renovate the indoor firing range in
the Jacksonville Police Department.

* $60,000 to the Kilbourne Fire Protection District to buy a new fire truck.

* $50,000 to the Rural Pittsfield Fire Protection District to buy new fire
truck.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                     July 09, 2003 Wednesday, NORTH EDITION

Feds to pay for study of poverty west of Gardner

BYLINE: Mary Jo Hill; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: GARDNER


- Gardner and 21 other communities to its west along Route 2 are among the
poorest in the state, and a new study will look at how to attract better jobs
and ease the situation.

Poverty has had a strong grip on the area, as data from the 1980 and 2000
censuses have shown. The latest study will update one done in the late 1980s of
a similar geographic area.

''The overall data has not changed that much between the two censuses,'' said
U.S. Rep. John W. Olver, D-Amherst, who secured federal money for the study.

ROOT CAUSES

Efforts to improve the situation have not gotten to enough of poverty's root
causes, which tend to be isolation, relatively poor school systems, and inferior
telecommunications, he said.

The earlier study is obsolete, with telecommunications inadequacies creating ''a
whole other kettle of fish,'' he said.

The study will be paid for using about $145,000 to $150,000 from an economic
development initiative account under the Housing and Urban Development
Department, Mr. Olver said.

The Franklin Regional Council of Governments will administer the grant, and a
consultant will be hired to do the study.

The 22 communities form a line along the Route 2 corridor, said Linda L.
Dunlavy, executive director of the council.

Many of the communities are rural, and rural poverty is harder to deal with than
urban poverty, Ms. Dunlavy said. There is less public transportation, services
are harder to reach and jobs are farther away, she said.

Years ago, when Mr. Olver served as a state senator, a demographic study was
done of the northern tier area from Fitchburg west along Route 2, he said.

The study tried to identify what those communities were doing or had proposed
that had a good chance of making a difference in the area's economic activity,
he said. Recommendations were made as a result, some of which were followed and
some of which were not, he said.

PROJECTS

Since then, various projects have been suggested by community development
organizations, which used the original study's data and arguments to support
what they were trying to do, Mr. Olver said.

If that initial study had not been done, then some of these grants probably
would not have been awarded and poverty data might be worse, he said.

But, he said, ''The 2000 census still shows deep pockets of low-income
poverty.''

Among the 50 communities in Massachusetts with the lowest per capita income,
more than 20 lie between Gardner and North Adams, he said.

This analysis is not meant to be a poverty study, but instead a look at how to
develop better jobs, he said.

The new study will look at what has been accomplished since the last one, what
worked and what did not, and will identify new root causes and new ways of
attacking the situation, Mr. Olver said.

For instance, a four-lane highway between Phillipston and North Adams would
improve people's access to jobs and businesses' access to markets, he said.

The 22 communities that are among the poorest in the state are Gardner,
Winchendon, Phillipston, Royalston, Athol, Orange, Warwick, Wendell, Erving,
Montague, Sunderland, Greenfield, Colrain, Buckland, Charlemont, Hawley,
Florida, Monroe, Clarksburg, North Adams, Adams and Cheshire, according to Mr.
Olver's office.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday

Funding cut for Fair Housing enforcement in Monroe County

BYLINE: Elizabeth Stull

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 748  words


The not-for-profit Monroe County Legal Assistance Center (MCLAC) had to scramble
and shift its budget around to support its Fair Housing Enforcement Project this
year, after the successful project -like many across the country - lost its
federal grant funding.

MCLAC's 10-year-old, no-fee program has filed 50 enforcement actions and
recovered more than $1 million for clients who faced housing discrimination in
Monroe County and five rural, neighboring counties. In 2007, the office received
100 calls and its two staff attorneys had an average of 60 open cases.

The project depends almost entirely on federal funding from the U.S. Department
of Housing and Urban Development's Fair Housing Initiatives Program (FHIP),
however, and those funds have declined significantly in recent years. In
September, MCLAC learned that it would receive no HUD funds for this year.

Louis Prieto, MCLAC's managing attorney, said the project received $175,000 for
the last annual cycle, and he had counted on $125,000 for this year. He thought
he had budgeted conservatively.

"Our program has consistently been rated as excellent, but the funds that have
been put into fair housing have been diminishing over the years, so that even
the best programs can't be funded," Prieto said. "We have to, obviously, scale
back. "

Prieto closed the project's rural intake office in Geneva but avoided layoffs by
reassigning its two employees to other MCLAC programs. He obtained the city's
consent to use $45,000 of its funding for outreach and education programs to
continue testing housing discrimination claims in Monroe County.

This is not the first time MCLAC has been left without federal support. But the
last time its FHIP grant fell through, the year before last, the city provided
temporary bridge funding. This year, the city does not have additional funds
available.

MCLAC is one of the few groups in Western New York that enforce fair housing
claims. None of the other groups received funding this year, either.

The Buffalo non-profit Housing Opportunities Made Equal (HOME) lost funds
representing one-quarter of its budget, according to Scott Gehl, executive
director.

Gehl said HOME's budget dropped from $501,000 to $375,000 after its FHIP funding
fell through.

HOME receives funding from contracts with the city of Buffalo, the 34
municipalities of the Erie County CDBG (Community Development Block Grant), the
towns of Hamburg and Amherst, and private sources.

Like MCLAC, HOME had served five adjoining rural counties, but has had to stop
its education and outreach efforts in those communities. HOME also reduced its
intake hours and reduced staff from eight to 6.5 employees.

The only organization west of Syracuse to receive FHIP funding in 2007 is the
Housing Council in the Monroe County Area, Inc. The Housing Council received
$73,390 to conduct outreach and education, but not to investigate or file
claims.

"It's kind of crazy to have an education and outreach program when you have no
enforcement program going," said Laurie Lambrix, a longtime MCLAC attorney who
has handled housing discrimination claims since the project began. "We don't
want people to think that ... we won't be doing the enforcement work this year.
We're still very committed to doing the work. We'll soldier on, again. "

Prieto said they will reapply for FHIP funding again this year. In the meantime,
Lambrix and her colleagues will continue to represent clients, investigate new
complaints and file new claims.

"It is illegal to exclude people from housing, but it is also illegal to
discrimate in the terms and conditions of housing," Lambrix noted. "Sometimes,
people of color are being required to pay a higher security deposit or higher
rent than a white applicant,"?which is illegal. Landlords are required to make
certain accommodations for physically disabled individuals.

According to the National Fair Housing Alliance's most recent report, there were
27,706 complaints of housing discrimination in 2006, the highest number since
2002. According to the report, this number represents less than 1 percent of the
estimated 3.7 million annual housing discrimination violations based on race in
rental and sales markets. Private fair housing organizations like MCLAC?and
HOME?process at least two-thirds of the nation's fair housing claims, according
to the National Fair Housing Alliance. In 1995, Congress appropriated $26
million to fund these organizations through FHIP. In 2007, funding had slipped
to $18.1 million.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Gazette (Champaign, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 4, 2011 Friday

Credit union gets $450,000 loan from federal program

BYLINE: Don Dodson, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 607 words


Feb. 04--RANTOUL -- Community Plus Federal Credit Union has received a $450,000
federal loan and plans to use it to make auto and "credit-builder" loans in
Champaign, Ford and Piatt counties.

The credit union, which has offices in Champaign and Rantoul, qualified for the
loan after being certified by the U.S. Treasury Department as a Community
Development Financial Institution.

That designation made Community Plus eligible for special federal loans and
grants.

Community Plus is only the third credit union in Illinois to qualify for the
designation and one of 41 financial institutions statewide with that status.

Most of the $450,000 has been targeted for auto loans that can help low-income
people get to and from work, said Community Plus President Mike Daugherty.

The remainder has been targeted for "credit-builder" loans  typically, $500 to
$1,000 loans that help people build up their creditworthiness so they can
eventually qualify for larger loans.

Daugherty said he's confident the full $450,000 will be loaned out by the end of
2011. Last year, the credit union made 516 loans totaling $4.9 million.

"We had good loan growth through 2010, and that's continuing into 2011," he
said.

Daugherty said his credit union's mission is to help serve the financially
underserved  people with low to moderate incomes, who are often dependent on
Supplemental Security Income or disability checks.

In February 2010, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner unveiled the Community
Development Capital Initiative, which made available federal loans and grants to
help serve target markets.

The credit union applied to become a Community Development Financial Institution
in April 2010, and after being certified, received a $450,000 loan for seven
years to be paid back at 2 percent interest.

Community Plus, which has 3,200 members, was established in 1943 in Rantoul.
Many of its early members were individuals and families stationed at Chanute Air
Force Base. But when the base closed, the village changed.

"Without the additional base population, businesses closed or moved to other
communities," the credit union stated in a press release. "The housing market
suffered, as sales were slow and prices depressed and rental properties went
begging.

"New residents of Rantoul now included low-income families from larger cities,
attracted by the depressed housing market and the opportunity to get away from
the city," the release said. "In many instances, they brought with them a lack
of financial knowledge or ability to manage money."

So Community Plus worked with churches, social service agencies and other
organizations to provide financial education and services. It offered:

A checking account management course, with three-hour sessions on Saturdays to
teach people how to keep and balance a checkbook.

A school financial planning program that helps students create a budget as well
as savings and investment plans.

"EZCash" check-cashing service, which allows people without accounts to cash
payroll or government checks for less than what currency exchanges and
payday-loan places charge.

The NEW X 2 checking account program, designed as a "second chance" for people
denied checking accounts by other financial institutions. It requires a $50
startup and attendance in the checking account management program.

To see more of The News-Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
www.news-azette.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News-Gazette, Champaign-Urbana,
Ill. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110204-CM-credit-union-federal-loan-20110204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CM


                        Copyright 2011 The News-Gazette


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                          September 13, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FIRST Edition

Guardin' the garden

BYLINE: JORDANA BORENSZTAJN

SECTION: STATEWIDE; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 465  words


GRAMPIANS

VICTORIANS are being offered a garden spruce-up to help recover from last
summer's Deep Lead and Grampians region bushfires.

Residents in Ararat Rural City Council and the Northern Grampian Shire are
eligible for help through a federal government bushfire recovery grant.

It is part of the Government's Working Together to Manage Emergencies
initiative.

McGregor House and Stawell Intertwine Services, two disability agencies, will
get their hands dirty for residents as many don't have the time or resources to
fix their own properties.

''They need assistance and guidance,'' said Ararat Rural City Council's bushfire
recovery community development officer, Jonathan Osmond.

''They need the tools to be able to start functioning again.''

Mr Osmond works with locals who lost everything, from cars and houses to
livestock.

Looking out on to their garden each day reminded them of the pain they went
through, he said.

''We're trying to remove all reminders of the bushfire because even months later
there's still a lot of people who are struggling to come to terms with it,'' Mr
Osmond said.

A gardening team of up to 10 helped with everything from fencing planting,
digging, mowing to general clearing.

''From a therapeutic point of view, they need to get control of their lives
again,'' Mr Osmond said.

''Can you imagine walking out every day to get a reminder of the horror they had
to go through?

''It's going to be demoralising. If they can see regrowth, they can feel things
are starting up again.''

Jackie Bailey, who lives near Halls Gap on a 24ha property, has been given a
helping hand.

Everything but Ms Bailey's house was destroyed, and trying to clean it all on
her own was tough.

''Physically, I couldn't do any more than what I had done,'' Ms Bailey said.
''I've lifted tonnes and tonnes of stuff myself.

''It was good those blokes came in to lighten the load. It's immense what the
fire can do.''

Ms Bailey, who lives with her two sons, said trees were removed, which was a
huge relief because it took away another reminder of the damage.

''I lost a big art studio which was really hard to deal with, which had 20 years
of conceptual drawing and artwork,'' she said.

''It hurts deeply, the fire -- not just physically, but emotionally and
mentally.''

Northern Grampians Shire bushfire recovery community development officer Peter
Bigmore said the program started in his shire this week.

Many residents welcomed the idea because they were so busy dealing with other
issues that their gardens seemed secondary.

If you're interested in gardening help, contact Mr Osmond at the Ararat Rural
City Council or Mr Bigmore at the Northern Grampians Shire.


Make contact

IF you have a story for Statewide, contact Jordana Borensztajn at the Herald Sun
on (03) 9292 1437 or borensztajnj@

heraldsun.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

CBL - A company that cares

LENGTH: 2073 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 21 -- Ceylon Biscuits Ltd, (CBL) takes its CSR efforts serious
and has conducted many a national level and community level programmes and
schemes to support the varied requirements and groups. CBL has endeavoured to
touch almost all aspects of CSR in their sustainability efforts including
education, arts and culture, sports, community development and corporate
philanthropy. These initiatives which have been running for several decades and
has not only won local awards but international accolades as well.

Nandana Wickramage, Group Director, CBL speaking to Daily News said they have
identified key gray areas in the Sri Lankan society that needs urgent attention.
"These are the areas we believe that the corporate sector could get involved and
assist to up lift the living standards of people and elevate them to the next
step in the social ladder."

He identified seven key CSR segments that work towards this endeavour. "There
are many other initiatives but we like to talk mostly about these seven."

The first major CSR thrust area is, Munchee Tikiri Shishyadhara which addresses
children who drop out of school at early stages. "We have observed the main
reason for a child to drop out of school is to assist the home front. He or she
in most instances become a 'child labourer' and becomes the breadwinner of the
family. "What we do is to provide financial support to continue his or her
studies and the child is put back in school. Then with the temple, school
principal, private sector and government officers in the area, we obtain their
assistance to guide and protect the child while we provide the financial support
and the motivation for the child's education. "

Especially in rural areas if the father who is usually the breadwinner, has
passed away or is injured, the children in the family are affected. Often the
child is sent to work as a domestic and is unable to attend school. Such
children will grow up with a vengeance and will become a problem to the society
in the future. As a corporate institution, prevention of this is our
responsibility."

Munchee is slowly and surely changing this and that this scheme has been very
fruitful and today over 1,600 have received these scholarships. "We are very
proud that some children, who dropped out of school at around ten years of age,
are today completing their higher education in medical college and other
universities thanks to the support from Munchee."

He said that they do not get any commercial mileage from this scheme since they
never want to upset the psychological balance of the student by saying that CBL
moulded their future by providing for their education and helping to look after
the family.

Munchee samaga gamata sarana programme is another initiative that helps to
introduce some of the much needed infrastructure to rural areas. "As a result of
its wide distribution network, CBL has many employees who work in the field and
thus are aware of the needs of each area and when they identify an area that
needs urgent attention CBL comes forward to the fore. Last year we carried out
over 25 such programmes and constructed bridges, roads, libraries, and
educational centers in rural areas," he said. Munchee also took steps to provide
water supply schemes in schools which lacked water facilities.

The districts where such programmes were carried out include Jaffna, Batticaloa
and Trincomalee. "As a company which serves the community I don't think we
should wait for the government to do everything; whenever we can support the
system we should do so. Improving the living standards of our community will
support the entire industry some day." In recognition of this proactive
engagement in CSR activities, CBL's Munchee Samaga Gamata Sarana emerged Silver
winners at the recent Annual Awards Night 2013 organized by the Japan Sri Lanka
Technical and Cultural Association (JASTECA) the non-profit service organization
which functions directly under the Japanese Government. In keeping with the
JASTECA vision, projects are judged on their ability to promote productivity,
efficiency and sustainable development.

This is the first time its Munchee Samaga Gamata Sarana has been given
international recognition by a foreign government and institution. Munchee was
also awarded "Asia's best CSR practices award". Wickramage describes the major
CSR activities undertaken by CBL, these encompass several areas; education,
sports, arts and culture and community development.The JASTECA award was further
endorsement of Munchee Samaga Gamata Sarana CSR initiative following its triumph
as the 'CSR Brand of the Year' at the prestigious Sri Lanka Institute of
Marketing (SLIM) Brand Excellence Awards held in October last year.

Munchee Samaga Gamata Sarana gained recognition when the Ceylon Chamber of
Commerce, Sri Lanka's leading chamber, adjudged it the Winner of the Long term
Project Award under the Best Sustainability Project Category for two consecutive
years in 2012 and 2013 at the Best Corporate Citizen Sustainability Awards.

Today one of the key areas rural parents concentrate is the Year 5 scholarship
exam and GEC O/L and A/L as it helps the child to migrate to a better school and
move up in the higher education ladder. Children in rural areas often have
inadequate educational facilities, sometimes even lacking teachers in school.
The children in the urban sector and the more affluent have all the facility and
the finances even to attend extra tuition classes, but the rural children who
don't have any facility unfortunately have to compete with them. CBL identified
this as a very important area to support. As the country's future depends on
today's children and if they grow up without proper education building quality
brands and business would not be of any use. The majority of the future
generation if uneducated, would not be in a position to appreciate value. Under
the title Munchee Adyapana wedamulu training program, we support these children
who find it difficult to face government examinations, such as the year five
scholarship, GCE Ordinary Level and Advanced Level exams. CBL arranges for a
team of volunteering experienced teachers who travel every weekend to rural
areas where they conduct workshops for school children. Yearly over 75,000
students preparing for the year five scholarship exam, over 30,000 O/L students
and over 15,000 A/L students are assisted through this programme which help them
to gain better results from examinations they faced.

Mapiya mehewara is an initiative where the Munchee teams up with government
medical officials in relevant areas and conducts workshops for parents to be, on
how they should look after their new born child. These programs also cover areas
such as hygiene, basic first aid and most importantly methods of guiding and
protecting growing up children in changing environment."We have observed that
this program is well accepted in society as it had helped young parents in rural
areas to gain knowledge in an area they were not familiar with."

CBL is now moving to manufacture many products using local raw material and
ingredients and to this a supply chain is a must. In a bid to get more farmers
involved in this process and to support them to improve there living standards
we have a very systematic and a unique backward integration program with over
10,000 farmers.

With this we have eliminated the biggest problem of the farmer communality which
is wether they would have a demand and fetch the right price for their crop
after harvest. This has been done through signing forward sales agreement giving
them an assurance of purchase and agreeing on minimum price of purchase. If the
market prices are low at the time of harvest we still honour our agreement and
pay them the agreed price.

However by then, if the market price is higher, we would pass that benefit to
the farmer by paying the higher price. Our agreement motivates the farmer and
also with the advice from our technical support team they are able to increase
the harvest at a lower cost. Through our concept of farmer clubs and societies
we are able to gradually uplift the lifestyle of our farmers and also give them
more recognition as an integral part of our company. Wickramage said that this
initiative has promoted more youth to take to agriculture.

Focusing on another key area of CSR, the company has also built a separate
factory to provide employment to people with special needs. This factory is
built in Ranala and produce cookies under the brand name "Hope". Unfortunately
the people with special needs are unable to manage their lives independently.
Parents of such children are eternally concerned of who would take care of their
special child when they are unable to provide it. With our project HOPE we have
turned this concept around and they become employees and manage to live there
life independently.

They also earn a salary like the ordinary and are able to help the family to
gain an additional income. He said that the factory is closely supervised and
the products are of high international quality standards. He said that the
company does not intend to gain a financial benefit from this project "we plough
back all the profits to upgrade the facility and the welfare of our special
employees" thus ensuring them of better quality of life.

With the global trend of modern trade taking over the retail business from the
traditional grocery store, the small time independent grocers find it impossible
to compete with the large Chain stores. CBL as a manufacturer and marketer of a
large range of market leading FMCG goods for many years had healthy and close
relationship with the individual grocers. Although many of the independent
retailers have the finances to upgrade their shops to the level of modern trade
retail stores, due to low scale of the operation and the lack of knowledge on
modern retail techniques they find it difficult to keep the outlets up and
running and cope up with the competition of the large chain operators.

"We are really concerned of the sustainability of these small businessmen who
have supported us throughout and with the sheer need to support them to face
this competition positively we came up with this concept of franchise chain of
supermarkets under the brand name 'Star United'. Our concept is very transparent
we provide the necessary knowledge and the expertise to any retailer who intend
turning his grocery store to a modern retail supermarket. We provide management
guidance for floor management, category management, service excellence and stock
control.

We take care of building the brand that would attract a good customer base. Our
marketing support is extended to conduct retail promotions to compete with the
large operators and more than all, our central purchase unit will negotiate for
the best prices from the suppliers and supply stocks through a central
distribution. For all these services CBL would only charge a very reasonable
franchise fee which is much lower than the market rate. CBL has always been very
ethical in all business practices and will continue to be so even in this new
project. We will let the owner still continue to be the dominant player in the
outlet and keep his ownership. We will not block the opportunity of our
competitors to sell their products in our franchise chain thus providing the
consumer his or her choice set.

This new venture also has an element of CSR said Wickramage. We are protecting
the local and regional traditional retailer from being swallowed up by the large
chain operators. We are also providing equal opportunity for the local
manufacturers to showcase their products and sell without restricting it to
house brands. Speaking about the future, Wickramage emphasizes that CBL's
strength has always been innovation. "We've been able to come up with new
products regularly. The consumer is constantly changing. We research and find
out the trends of the consumer and we keep developing." In keeping with this
tradition of innovation, CBL plans to develop and continue its onward path. CBL
is a company that cares. We will continue to be that caring company and we hope
to grow further, make a mark for Sri Lanka and show the world what Sri Lanka can
do".

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Utah: National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Mar 31, 2014
Contact

Darci Eiswein
Program Analyst
Phoen: 301.443.2803
Email: deswein@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program will award
funding to develop and maintain projects that will help support rural
communities through a broad range of activities.

The grantee will be expected to work closely with the Office of Rural Health
Policy and must work to:

Identify and promote national policy issues and promising practices for rural
health care providers focused on:
        Quality of care
        Economic viability
        Access
        Workforce (recruitment and retention)
        The changing health care environment as it relates to insurance coverage
expansion
    Promote available resources to communities for help in shaping their local
health care systems to best meet community need
    Promote promising practices to help rural communities with quality
initiatives
    Identify and translate the key points from emerging policy issues to rural
health care providers, researchers, and policymakers
    Work with state-based entities such as State Offices of Rural Health (SORHs)
and State Rural Health Associations (SRHAs) in identifying key rural health
challenges, programs and resources that will assist rural communities in
addressing these challenges and that will inform the national policy discussion
    Provide technical assistance to small entities and rural communities for the
purpose of improving access to quality rural health services while ensuring a
rural perspective is included in national quality forums
    Provide a forum for rural medical educators and students to share lessons
learned to address recruitment and retention challenges
    Convene policy discussions around emerging rural health access issues and
rural leadership in hospitals, clinics and communities vital to the survival of
the rural health delivery system
    Foster the development of rural health systems through the support of rural
health networks
    Expand public awareness of the importance of the economic impact of the
health care sector and to stress health care's critical role in rural
development while also being able to quantify that impact
    Support and develop training opportunities and networks for community health
workers and promatora models on the U.S./Mexico Border and rural communities
    Improve rural and underserved communities' access to quality health care
through the development of national, state and community based linkages, in
support of recruitment and retention efforts
    Provide support and assistance to grantees from Section 330(a) of the Public
Health Service Act in a manner that meets their specific programmatic needs
    Provide support and resources for promoting agriculture health and safety
    Improve access to care for rural veterans and provide support to veterans
seeking careers in the health care sector

Eligibility

Total Funding Available: $1,800,000
Number of Awards: 1
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Eligible applicants include:

Public, private and nonprofit organizations, including faith-based and
community-based organizations
    State governments and their agencies such as universities, colleges,
research institutions, hospitals, state and local governments or their bona fide
agents along with federally recognized Indian Tribal governments, Indian Tribes,
and Indian Tribal organizations

Additionally, an eligible applicant is strongly encouraged to be an organization
that is national in scope and that has an established long term relationship
with each of the following constituencies:

Rural clinical service networks
    Frontier residents
    Rural hospitals and community health systems
    Underserved rural populations
    Rural medical and health care provider educators
    Rural health clinics
    State Rural Health Associations (SRHA) and State Offices of Rural Health
(SORH)
    Other federal partners that can help analyze the link between health care
and economic development in rural communities

Application
process

Links to the program guidance and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A technical assistance conference call will be held on February 26, 2014 at 2:00
p.m. ET. To register email Mary Collier at mcollier@hrsa.gov
Tagged as  Community development, Health policy

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Mar 31, 2014
Contact

Darci Eiswein
Program Analyst
Phoen: 301.443.2803
Email: deswein@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program will award
funding to develop and maintain projects that will help support rural
communities through a broad range of activities.

The grantee will be expected to work closely with the Office of Rural Health
Policy and must work to:

Identify and promote national policy issues and promising practices for rural
health care providers focused on:
        Quality of care
        Economic viability
        Access
        Workforce (recruitment and retention)
        The changing health care environment as it relates to insurance coverage
expansion
    Promote available resources to communities for help in shaping their local
health care systems to best meet community need
    Promote promising practices to help rural communities with quality
initiatives
    Identify and translate the key points from emerging policy issues to rural
health care providers, researchers, and policymakers
    Work with state-based entities such as State Offices of Rural Health (SORHs)
and State Rural Health Associations (SRHAs) in identifying key rural health
challenges, programs and resources that will assist rural communities in
addressing these challenges and that will inform the national policy discussion
    Provide technical assistance to small entities and rural communities for the
purpose of improving access to quality rural health services while ensuring a
rural perspective is included in national quality forums
    Provide a forum for rural medical educators and students to share lessons
learned to address recruitment and retention challenges
    Convene policy discussions around emerging rural health access issues and
rural leadership in hospitals, clinics and communities vital to the survival of
the rural health delivery system
    Foster the development of rural health systems through the support of rural
health networks
    Expand public awareness of the importance of the economic impact of the
health care sector and to stress health care's critical role in rural
development while also being able to quantify that impact
    Support and develop training opportunities and networks for community health
workers and promatora models on the U.S./Mexico Border and rural communities
    Improve rural and underserved communities' access to quality health care
through the development of national, state and community based linkages, in
support of recruitment and retention efforts
    Provide support and assistance to grantees from Section 330(a) of the Public
Health Service Act in a manner that meets their specific programmatic needs
    Provide support and resources for promoting agriculture health and safety
    Improve access to care for rural veterans and provide support to veterans
seeking careers in the health care sector

Eligibility

Total Funding Available: $1,800,000
Number of Awards: 1
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Eligible applicants include:

Public, private and nonprofit organizations, including faith-based and
community-based organizations
    State governments and their agencies such as universities, colleges,
research institutions, hospitals, state and local governments or their bona fide
agents along with federally recognized Indian Tribal governments, Indian Tribes,
and Indian Tribal organizations

Additionally, an eligible applicant is strongly encouraged to be an organization
that is national in scope and that has an established long term relationship
with each of the following constituencies:

Rural clinical service networks
    Frontier residents
    Rural hospitals and community health systems
    Underserved rural populations
    Rural medical and health care provider educators
    Rural health clinics
    State Rural Health Associations (SRHA) and State Offices of Rural Health
(SORH)
    Other federal partners that can help analyze the link between health care
and economic development in rural communities

Application
process

Links to the program guidance and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A technical assistance conference call will be held on February 26, 2014 at 2:00
p.m. ET. To register email Mary Collier at mcollier@hrsa.gov
Tagged as  Community development, Health policy

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Utah: National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Mar 31, 2014
Contact

Darci Eiswein
Program Analyst
Phoen: 301.443.2803
Email: deswein@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program will award
funding to develop and maintain projects that will help support rural
communities through a broad range of activities.

The grantee will be expected to work closely with the Office of Rural Health
Policy and must work to:

Identify and promote national policy issues and promising practices for rural
health care providers focused on:
        Quality of care
        Economic viability
        Access
        Workforce (recruitment and retention)
        The changing health care environment as it relates to insurance coverage
expansion
    Promote available resources to communities for help in shaping their local
health care systems to best meet community need
    Promote promising practices to help rural communities with quality
initiatives
    Identify and translate the key points from emerging policy issues to rural
health care providers, researchers, and policymakers
    Work with state-based entities such as State Offices of Rural Health (SORHs)
and State Rural Health Associations (SRHAs) in identifying key rural health
challenges, programs and resources that will assist rural communities in
addressing these challenges and that will inform the national policy discussion
    Provide technical assistance to small entities and rural communities for the
purpose of improving access to quality rural health services while ensuring a
rural perspective is included in national quality forums
    Provide a forum for rural medical educators and students to share lessons
learned to address recruitment and retention challenges
    Convene policy discussions around emerging rural health access issues and
rural leadership in hospitals, clinics and communities vital to the survival of
the rural health delivery system
    Foster the development of rural health systems through the support of rural
health networks
    Expand public awareness of the importance of the economic impact of the
health care sector and to stress health care's critical role in rural
development while also being able to quantify that impact
    Support and develop training opportunities and networks for community health
workers and promatora models on the U.S./Mexico Border and rural communities
    Improve rural and underserved communities' access to quality health care
through the development of national, state and community based linkages, in
support of recruitment and retention efforts
    Provide support and assistance to grantees from Section 330(a) of the Public
Health Service Act in a manner that meets their specific programmatic needs
    Provide support and resources for promoting agriculture health and safety
    Improve access to care for rural veterans and provide support to veterans
seeking careers in the health care sector

Eligibility

Total Funding Available: $1,800,000
Number of Awards: 1
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Eligible applicants include:

Public, private and nonprofit organizations, including faith-based and
community-based organizations
    State governments and their agencies such as universities, colleges,
research institutions, hospitals, state and local governments or their bona fide
agents along with federally recognized Indian Tribal governments, Indian Tribes,
and Indian Tribal organizations

Additionally, an eligible applicant is strongly encouraged to be an organization
that is national in scope and that has an established long term relationship
with each of the following constituencies:

Rural clinical service networks
    Frontier residents
    Rural hospitals and community health systems
    Underserved rural populations
    Rural medical and health care provider educators
    Rural health clinics
    State Rural Health Associations (SRHA) and State Offices of Rural Health
(SORH)
    Other federal partners that can help analyze the link between health care
and economic development in rural communities

Application
process

Links to the program guidance and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A technical assistance conference call will be held on February 26, 2014 at 2:00
p.m. ET. To register email Mary Collier at mcollier@hrsa.gov
Tagged as  Community development, Health policy

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Utah: National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Mar 31, 2014
Contact

Darci Eiswein
Program Analyst
Phoen: 301.443.2803
Email: deswein@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program will award
funding to develop and maintain projects that will help support rural
communities through a broad range of activities.

The grantee will be expected to work closely with the Office of Rural Health
Policy and must work to:

Identify and promote national policy issues and promising practices for rural
health care providers focused on:
        Quality of care
        Economic viability
        Access
        Workforce (recruitment and retention)
        The changing health care environment as it relates to insurance coverage
expansion
    Promote available resources to communities for help in shaping their local
health care systems to best meet community need
    Promote promising practices to help rural communities with quality
initiatives
    Identify and translate the key points from emerging policy issues to rural
health care providers, researchers, and policymakers
    Work with state-based entities such as State Offices of Rural Health (SORHs)
and State Rural Health Associations (SRHAs) in identifying key rural health
challenges, programs and resources that will assist rural communities in
addressing these challenges and that will inform the national policy discussion
    Provide technical assistance to small entities and rural communities for the
purpose of improving access to quality rural health services while ensuring a
rural perspective is included in national quality forums
    Provide a forum for rural medical educators and students to share lessons
learned to address recruitment and retention challenges
    Convene policy discussions around emerging rural health access issues and
rural leadership in hospitals, clinics and communities vital to the survival of
the rural health delivery system
    Foster the development of rural health systems through the support of rural
health networks
    Expand public awareness of the importance of the economic impact of the
health care sector and to stress health care's critical role in rural
development while also being able to quantify that impact
    Support and develop training opportunities and networks for community health
workers and promatora models on the U.S./Mexico Border and rural communities
    Improve rural and underserved communities' access to quality health care
through the development of national, state and community based linkages, in
support of recruitment and retention efforts
    Provide support and assistance to grantees from Section 330(a) of the Public
Health Service Act in a manner that meets their specific programmatic needs
    Provide support and resources for promoting agriculture health and safety
    Improve access to care for rural veterans and provide support to veterans
seeking careers in the health care sector

Eligibility

Total Funding Available: $1,800,000
Number of Awards: 1
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Eligible applicants include:

Public, private and nonprofit organizations, including faith-based and
community-based organizations
    State governments and their agencies such as universities, colleges,
research institutions, hospitals, state and local governments or their bona fide
agents along with federally recognized Indian Tribal governments, Indian Tribes,
and Indian Tribal organizations

Additionally, an eligible applicant is strongly encouraged to be an organization
that is national in scope and that has an established long term relationship
with each of the following constituencies:

Rural clinical service networks
    Frontier residents
    Rural hospitals and community health systems
    Underserved rural populations
    Rural medical and health care provider educators
    Rural health clinics
    State Rural Health Associations (SRHA) and State Offices of Rural Health
(SORH)
    Other federal partners that can help analyze the link between health care
and economic development in rural communities

Application
process

Links to the program guidance and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A technical assistance conference call will be held on February 26, 2014 at 2:00
p.m. ET. To register email Mary Collier at mcollier@hrsa.gov
Tagged as  Community development, Health policy

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Mar 31, 2014
Contact

Darci Eiswein
Program Analyst
Phoen: 301.443.2803
Email: deswein@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program will award
funding to develop and maintain projects that will help support rural
communities through a broad range of activities.

The grantee will be expected to work closely with the Office of Rural Health
Policy and must work to:

Identify and promote national policy issues and promising practices for rural
health care providers focused on:
        Quality of care
        Economic viability
        Access
        Workforce (recruitment and retention)
        The changing health care environment as it relates to insurance coverage
expansion
    Promote available resources to communities for help in shaping their local
health care systems to best meet community need
    Promote promising practices to help rural communities with quality
initiatives
    Identify and translate the key points from emerging policy issues to rural
health care providers, researchers, and policymakers
    Work with state-based entities such as State Offices of Rural Health (SORHs)
and State Rural Health Associations (SRHAs) in identifying key rural health
challenges, programs and resources that will assist rural communities in
addressing these challenges and that will inform the national policy discussion
    Provide technical assistance to small entities and rural communities for the
purpose of improving access to quality rural health services while ensuring a
rural perspective is included in national quality forums
    Provide a forum for rural medical educators and students to share lessons
learned to address recruitment and retention challenges
    Convene policy discussions around emerging rural health access issues and
rural leadership in hospitals, clinics and communities vital to the survival of
the rural health delivery system
    Foster the development of rural health systems through the support of rural
health networks
    Expand public awareness of the importance of the economic impact of the
health care sector and to stress health care's critical role in rural
development while also being able to quantify that impact
    Support and develop training opportunities and networks for community health
workers and promatora models on the U.S./Mexico Border and rural communities
    Improve rural and underserved communities' access to quality health care
through the development of national, state and community based linkages, in
support of recruitment and retention efforts
    Provide support and assistance to grantees from Section 330(a) of the Public
Health Service Act in a manner that meets their specific programmatic needs
    Provide support and resources for promoting agriculture health and safety
    Improve access to care for rural veterans and provide support to veterans
seeking careers in the health care sector

Eligibility

Total Funding Available: $1,800,000
Number of Awards: 1
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Eligible applicants include:

Public, private and nonprofit organizations, including faith-based and
community-based organizations
    State governments and their agencies such as universities, colleges,
research institutions, hospitals, state and local governments or their bona fide
agents along with federally recognized Indian Tribal governments, Indian Tribes,
and Indian Tribal organizations

Additionally, an eligible applicant is strongly encouraged to be an organization
that is national in scope and that has an established long term relationship
with each of the following constituencies:

Rural clinical service networks
    Frontier residents
    Rural hospitals and community health systems
    Underserved rural populations
    Rural medical and health care provider educators
    Rural health clinics
    State Rural Health Associations (SRHA) and State Offices of Rural Health
(SORH)
    Other federal partners that can help analyze the link between health care
and economic development in rural communities

Application
process

Links to the program guidance and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A technical assistance conference call will be held on February 26, 2014 at 2:00
p.m. ET. To register email Mary Collier at mcollier@hrsa.gov
Tagged as  Community development, Health policy

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

Utah: National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Office of Rural Health Policy
Deadlines  Mar 31, 2014
Contact

Darci Eiswein
Program Analyst
Phoen: 301.443.2803
Email: deswein@hrsa.gov
Purpose

The National Rural Health Policy and Community Development Program will award
funding to develop and maintain projects that will help support rural
communities through a broad range of activities.

The grantee will be expected to work closely with the Office of Rural Health
Policy and must work to:

Identify and promote national policy issues and promising practices for rural
health care providers focused on:
        Quality of care
        Economic viability
        Access
        Workforce (recruitment and retention)
        The changing health care environment as it relates to insurance coverage
expansion
    Promote available resources to communities for help in shaping their local
health care systems to best meet community need
    Promote promising practices to help rural communities with quality
initiatives
    Identify and translate the key points from emerging policy issues to rural
health care providers, researchers, and policymakers
    Work with state-based entities such as State Offices of Rural Health (SORHs)
and State Rural Health Associations (SRHAs) in identifying key rural health
challenges, programs and resources that will assist rural communities in
addressing these challenges and that will inform the national policy discussion
    Provide technical assistance to small entities and rural communities for the
purpose of improving access to quality rural health services while ensuring a
rural perspective is included in national quality forums
    Provide a forum for rural medical educators and students to share lessons
learned to address recruitment and retention challenges
    Convene policy discussions around emerging rural health access issues and
rural leadership in hospitals, clinics and communities vital to the survival of
the rural health delivery system
    Foster the development of rural health systems through the support of rural
health networks
    Expand public awareness of the importance of the economic impact of the
health care sector and to stress health care's critical role in rural
development while also being able to quantify that impact
    Support and develop training opportunities and networks for community health
workers and promatora models on the U.S./Mexico Border and rural communities
    Improve rural and underserved communities' access to quality health care
through the development of national, state and community based linkages, in
support of recruitment and retention efforts
    Provide support and assistance to grantees from Section 330(a) of the Public
Health Service Act in a manner that meets their specific programmatic needs
    Provide support and resources for promoting agriculture health and safety
    Improve access to care for rural veterans and provide support to veterans
seeking careers in the health care sector

Eligibility

Total Funding Available: $1,800,000
Number of Awards: 1
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Eligible applicants include:

Public, private and nonprofit organizations, including faith-based and
community-based organizations
    State governments and their agencies such as universities, colleges,
research institutions, hospitals, state and local governments or their bona fide
agents along with federally recognized Indian Tribal governments, Indian Tribes,
and Indian Tribal organizations

Additionally, an eligible applicant is strongly encouraged to be an organization
that is national in scope and that has an established long term relationship
with each of the following constituencies:

Rural clinical service networks
    Frontier residents
    Rural hospitals and community health systems
    Underserved rural populations
    Rural medical and health care provider educators
    Rural health clinics
    State Rural Health Associations (SRHA) and State Offices of Rural Health
(SORH)
    Other federal partners that can help analyze the link between health care
and economic development in rural communities

Application
process

Links to the program guidance and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A technical assistance conference call will be held on February 26, 2014 at 2:00
p.m. ET. To register email Mary Collier at mcollier@hrsa.gov
Tagged as  Community development, Health policy

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                            October 14, 2002 Monday

Sun Valley conference to air broadband issues

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


Strategies for increasing broadband availability in the region are to be
discussed at a two-day conference in Sun Valley.

"Connect Idaho: Expanding High-Speed Telecommunications Access in the
Intermountain West" is slated at Sun Valley Lodge starting with a dinner at 6
p.m. Oct. 24 and continuing with presentations and study sessions all day Oct.
25.

In addition to how broadband access can strengthen rural economies, speeches and
seminars will cover how communities and development organizations can design
broadband systems, work with various businesses and telecommunication providers,
and pursue state and federal grants.

One objective of the conference is to "provide economic developers with a
roadmap they can use to convince decision-makers in their communities to start
grassroots initiatives to build high-speed networks in their communities," an
agenda cover sheet said.

Representatives from telecom companies, businesses of various sizes, state and
local economic development groups, the Idaho Public Utilities Commission and
Idaho Department of Commerce are expected to attend.

Spokespersons from cities and states that have bolstered their broadband
offerings will share strategies.

What Idaho already has in Internet service -- from the number of providers to
the system capabilities in various communities -- will be discussed by groups of
college students who have conducted surveys.

Syringa Networks, a group of rural telecommunication companies, will present an
update on the broadband network it is installing in south and central Idaho.

State Sen. Hal Bunderson, R-Meridian, will discuss findings of an Idaho
Legislature interim committee studying statewide broadband availability.

Idaho Rural Partnership will present the conference, in cooperation with the
Idaho Small Business Development Center, Idaho Economic Development Association,
Eastern Idaho Economic Development Council, Southern Idaho Economic Development
Organization, the Association of Idaho Cities and the IDOC.

The event was held in Boise last year and in Idaho Falls in 2000.

Cost: $125 ($90 for members of sponsoring groups). Information: 426-3870 or
523-1087.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            April 30, 2009 Thursday

DENISH: 'CREATIVITY,' VIGILANCE KEY TO STIMULUS MONEY

BYLINE: ANDY DENNISON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-4

LENGTH: 527 words


By Andy Dennison

The Taos News

Several hundred Taoseños came with hats and pens in hand Friday (April 24) to
learn about applying for federal economic stimulus money.

Lt. Gov. Diane Denish traveled to the Río Grande Room in downtown Taos to detail
benefits for individuals and businesses, and grants in everything from education
to transportation to energy -- and all areas in between.

The lieutenant governor stressed that most of the $76 billion earmarked for New
Mexico communities will be doled out on a competitive basis, so getting the most
bang for the buck will play well with funding sources.

"Collaboration and cooperation are key," Denish told the crowd, which included
representatives from every agency, board, government and nonprofit organization
in the Taos region. "Those will be essential."

During the two-hour meeting, Denish and her staff outlined how to apply for
funds under the $75.8 billion Rural Economic Recovery Initiative -- a section of
the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. These funds must come through
existing federal or state programs, such as loans or grants, and can be applied
for on the basis of a formula or competitive comparisons.

This funding is a small portion of the $800 billion overall stimulus bill. The
state's portion is funneling through the governor's office under the eye of
former Gov. Toney Anaya.

State agencies throughout the country will divvy up $1.8 billion in the program
to bolster existing programs, while federal agencies will have $74 billion to
dole out to rural communities on a competitive-application basis.

One problem is that every federal agency has different criteria and deadlines
for grant applications. Everyone from the Centers for Disease Control to Indian
Health Services to the EPA and USDA have money to spend, but applicants must
read their rules carefully before applying, said Denish.

Staffer Kathy Keith said that most federal applications must be in over the next
2-3 months, although some must be submitted as soon as the next couple of weeks.

The state and federal governments have funds in the following areas:

n Health care;

n Education;

n Transportation;

n Water quality;

n Housing and community development;

n Energy and weatherization;

n Workforce assistance and training;

n Public safety; and

n The arts.

On its own, the state will distribute money for public assistance, such as food
stamps and low-income job training, and child care, such as for Head Start and
low-income education.

The feds have money set aside for broadband communications development, which is
one of the projects touted by communities around the Enchanted Circle and Kit
Carson Electric Cooperative.

Attendees stepped to the microphone to ask questions about their pet projects.
Queries came about funding for wind farms, the Rail Runner, the new county
courthouse, small ranches and farms, and art in public places.

"Creativity will be rewarded," said Denish. "Sometimes, there's no specific
place to get the money but you must be creative."

Individuals and businesses are set to get a slew of tax credits, deductions,
loan sweeteners and health insurance benefits under the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                               February 19, 2000

Pub fund opens door to beer and skittles

SECTION: Pg.24

LENGTH: 442 words


A VILLAGE pub in North Devon has become the first in the county to receive a
grant from a new scheme to help pubs provide better facilities for their local
communities.

The Jack Russell Inn at Swimbridge, near Barnstaple, will soon have a function
room, children's room and full-length skittle alley thanks to a grant of GBP
4,258 from the Devon Public Houses Development Scheme run by Devon County
Council.

The need for a skittle alley was revealed in a survey carried out in Swimbridge
in which about 10% of the community said they wanted an alley, while nearly
twice that number wanted a function room.

The prospect of a new venue in which to play skittles has been welcomed by the
North Devon Skittles League.

Chairman Peter Kelland said: "Having a skittle alley creates income and interest
for a pub.

"Pubs in villages often struggle to make a living and they have to make a living
the best way they can.

"If people can walk over to the pub and have a game of skittles and couple of
pints, it's got to be good."

Devon is one of only two counties to pilot the Countryside Agency initiative,
which is managed by the county council and jointly funded with support from
district councils, PROSPER and Dartmoor National Park.

Jack Russell landlords Bill and Debbie Furnifer were presented with their grant
by John Tomlinson, the new director of the Countryside Agency, and Coun Mike
Knight, the county council's executive chairman for community development and
partnership.

The external work to convert a disused garage at the free house, which the
Furnifers took over two years ago, has been completed and internal refurbishment
is underway.

Bill Furnifer said: "Skittles is very popular in the village, but a lot of local
people have to travel to get a game. There is also a real need for a function
room.

"Debbie and I had hoped we could provide these facilities in the future, but it
was always going to be quite a long way off.

"Thanks to this excellent scheme we have been able to provide these improvements
quickly.

"It is good news for the community and reduces travelling. It is also good news
for us because it means the trade stays in the village."

Coun Knight said: "The village pub is a very important part of the social fabric
in rural communities.

"At a time of great concern for the future of rural post offices and village
shops, it is vital that the social and commercial lifeblood of our villages is
preserved.

"Through schemes such as this and the Village Shop Development Scheme, the
county council is working hard with the Countryside Agency and other partners,
to support these pillars of village life."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2000 Western Morning News


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

FR-5981-D-03 Redelegation of Authority to Directors and Deputy Directors of
Community Planning and Development in Field Offices

LENGTH: 2740  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Department of Housing
and Urban Development (HUD)



  Action



 Notice of redelegation of authority to field offices.

 Summary



 Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, as
amended, provides authority to the Secretary to delegate functions, powers, and
duties as the Secretary deems necessary. By separate notice published in today's
Federal Register, the Secretary of HUD delegates concurrent authority to the
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development. In this
notice, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
redelegate to the Directors and Deputy Directors of Community Planning and
Development in HUD Field Offices all powers and authorities necessary to carry
out Office of Community Planning and Development programs, except those powers
and authorities specifically excluded.



 Dates



 Effective Date: January 10, 2017.

 For Further Information Contact



 Cliff Taffet, General Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Community Planning
and Development, Department of Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street
SW., Room 7100, Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone number 202-708-2690. This
is not a toll-free number. For those needing assistance, this number may be
accessed via TTY by calling the Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339.

 Supplementary Information



 Published elsewhere in today's Federal Register is a revised consolidated
delegation of authority from the Secretary of HUD to the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development. This notice updates and revises
redelegations of authority from the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development to CPD Directors and Deputy Directors in HUD Field
Offices. This notice supersedes all previous redelegations of authority to CPD
Directors and Deputy Directors in HUD Field Offices, including a redelegation
published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR 38851. Also published elsewhere in today's
Federal Register is a redelegation of authority from the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries in
Community Planning and Development.

 Section A. General Redelegation of Authority



 Except those authorities specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development redelegates to the Directors and Deputy
Directors of Community Planning and Development in HUD Field Offices all powers
and authorities of the Assistant Secretary necessary to carry out the following
Community Planning and Development programs and matters:



 1. Community Development Block Grants (CDBG), Section 108 Loan Guarantees,
Neighborhood Stabilization Programs (NSP), CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants, and
other programs covered by Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act
of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301
et seq.); 24 CFR part 570. Authority not redelegated:



 a. Terminate, reduce, or limit the availability of grant payments pursuant to
section 111(a), 42 U.S.C. 5311.



 b. Adjust entitlement and state grants pursuant to section 104(e), 42 U.S.C.
5304.



 c. Determine basic grant amounts for metropolitan cities, urban counties, and
States pursuant to section 106, 42 U.S.C. 5306.



 d. Reallocate funds pursuant to section 106(c) or (d), 42 U.S.C. 5306.



 e. Determine the qualifications of localities for special consideration. This
includes, but is not limited to, the determination of qualifications of counties
as urban counties pursuant to section 102(a)(6), 42 U.S.C. 5302, the
determination of what constitutes a city pursuant to section 102(a)(5), 42
U.S.C. 5302, and the determination of levels of physical and economic distress
of cities and urban counties for eligibility for urban development action grants
pursuant to section 119(b), 42 U.S.C. 5318.



 f. Approve and disapprove applications, or amendments to applications, filed
for loan guarantee or grant assistance, issue commitments or grant awards,
execute grant agreements, or issue guarantees pursuant to section 108, 42 U.S.C.
5308.



 2. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); consolidated
plans, 24 CFR part 91.



 3. Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants program, Title IV,
Subtitle B of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101
Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11371 et seq.); 24 CFR part
576. Authority not redelegated:



 a. Determine allocation amounts.



 b. Approve built-in waivers or exceptions authorized under Title IV of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act and applicable implementing regulations.



 4. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the Cranston-Gonzalez
National Affordable Housing Act (NAHA), Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4094
(1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part 92.
Authority not redelegated:



 a. Determine allocation and reallocation amounts pursuant to section 217 of
NAHA.



 b. Revoke a jurisdiction's designation as a participating jurisdiction pursuant
to section 216 of NAHA.



 c. Effect remedies for noncompliance pursuant to section 223 of NAHA.



 d. Approve a change in the number of units designated as HOME-assisted units
during the period of affordability pursuant to 24 CFR 92.205(d).



 e. Make a determination that a consortium does not have sufficient authority
and administrative capability to administer the HOME Program pursuant to 24 CFR
92.101(a)(3).



 5. Housing Trust Fund (HTF), Section 1338 of the Federal Housing Enterprises
Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of Public Law
110-289, 122 Stat. 2654 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568). Authority not redelegated:




 a. Determine allocations, adjustments, and reallocation amounts.



 6. Homelessness Prevention and Rapid Re-Housing Program (HPRP) as authorized
under the Homelessness Prevention Fund heading of Division A, Title XII of the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115.




 7. AIDS Housing Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C.12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574.
Authority not redelegated:



 a. Determine allocations, adjustments, and reallocation amounts.



 b. Revoke a jurisdiction's designation as an eligible state or eligible
metropolitan statistical area for a formula allocation or as an eligible
applicant for a nonformula allocation.



 c. Suspend or terminate current awards in whole or in part, withhold further
awards, and effect other legally available remedies pursuant to 2 CFR
200.338-200.342.



 8. Title IV Subtitles C-F of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public
Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11381 et
seq.), including the following: Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583,
Shelter Plus Care program, 24 CFR part 582, Moderate Rehabilitation for Single
Room Occupancy program, 24 CFR part 882, subpart H, Continuum of Care program,
24 CFR part 578, and Rural Housing Stability Assistance program. Authority not
redelegated:



 a. Make funding decisions.



 b. Approve built-in waivers or exceptions authorized under Title IV of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act and applicable implementing regulations.



 9. Economic Development Initiative grants, as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal Year
2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)).



 10. Neighborhood Initiatives grants specifically designated in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L.
111-117, 123 Stat. 3034 (2009)).



 11. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD appropriations
act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat.
3084 (2009)).



 12. The urban Empowerment Zones (EZ), as authorized under title 26, subtitle A,
chapter 1, subchapter U of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26
U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR parts 597 and 598. Authority not redelegated:



 a. Approve or amend strategic plans or other state and local commitments,
including boundary changes.



 b. Revoke a designation, including issuing a warning letter pursuant to 24 CFR
parts 597 and 598.



 13. Responsibility for compliance with the Uniform Relocation Assistance and
Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat. 1894
(1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24 for
programs covered by Section A of this redelegation. Authority not redelegated:



 a. Exercise the Federal Agency waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7.



 14. Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized under any
program or matter delegated under Section A (e.g., section 107 of the Housing
and Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100-242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988))
and as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)).



 15. Certain Community Planning and Development programs that are no longer
authorized for funding (or future funding is not anticipated) but administration
of the programs must continue until all Department responsibilities are
discharged and finally terminated. These programs, as of June 2011, include the
following:



 a. Any program superseded by, or inactive by reason of, Title I of the Housing
and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified
as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316).



 b. Grants for urban Empowerment Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD
appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal Year
2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)).



 c. HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family Housing Program (HOPE 3), Title IV,
Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law
101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891).



 d. New Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development
Act of 1968, Public Law 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, Public Law 91-609 (repealed 1983), 84
Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Recovery Act of 1983,
Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5b), and any other
functions, powers and duties which may affect the liquidation of the New
Communities program.



 e. Rural Housing and Economic Development grants specifically designated
originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD Appropriations Act, Public Law 105-65,
111 Stat. 1344 (1997), and subsequent annual HUD appropriations acts.



 f. Renewal Communities (RC), as authorized under Title 26, Subtitle A, Chapter
1, Subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C.
1400E et seq.); 24 CFR part 599.



 g. All programs consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs)
established pursuant to Title II of the Independent Offices Appropriations Act,
Public Law 98-45, 97 Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5)
including all authority of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development with respect to the functions, administration and management of
the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs). Only the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development are the responsible official for
allotments in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs).

 Section B. Limited Denial of Participation



 Subject to the excepted authority in Section C, the Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development redelegate to Directors and Deputy
Directors of CPD in HUD Field Offices the authority to order a limited denial of
participation sanction pursuant to HUD regulations at 2 CFR part 2424, with
respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A; provided that the
General Counsel, or such other official as may be designated by the General
Counsel, must: (1) Concur in any proposed sanction under 2 CFR part 2424 before
it is issued, and (2) concur in any proposed settlement of a sanction under 2
CFR part 2424.

 Section C. General Authority Excepted



 The authority redelegated under Section A does not include:



 1. The authority to issue or waive regulations covered by section 7(q) of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(q));



 2. The authority to sue and be sued;



 3. The authority to effect remedies for noncompliance requiring notice and an
opportunity for an administrative hearing;



 4. The authority for allotments in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs)
under paragraph g of Section A; or



 5. Any authority not delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development under the Consolidated Delegation of
Authority for Community Planning and Development. The Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary
for Community Planning and Development may revoke at any time this redelegation
with respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A and orders of
limited denial of participation issued in accordance with Section B.

 Section D. Authority To Further Redelegate



 The authority redelegated in Sections A and B may not be further redelegated.

 Section E. Redelegations Superseded



 This notice supersedes all prior redelegations of authority to Directors and
Deputy Directors of Community Planning and Development in HUD Field Offices,
including the redelegation of authority published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR
38851.

 Section F. Actions Ratified



 The Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development hereby
ratify all actions previously taken by the Directors and Deputy Directors of CPD
in HUD Field Offices with respect to the programs and matters listed in Section
A and orders of limited denial of participation issued in accordance with
Section B.

 Authority



 Section 7(d), Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C.
3535(d).

 Dated: January 10, 2017.

 Harriet Tregoning,

 Principal Deputy Assistant, Secretary for Community Planning and Development.

 [FR Doc. 2017-01238 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

Wisconsin: $250,000 State Grant Will Help Re-Open Vacant Grocery Store in
Florence County

LENGTH: 689  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $250,000
grant to Florence County to help re-open a grocery store that has been vacant
for more than seven years.

The lack of a full-service grocery store has been an impediment to economic
development in the county and has been an issue in recruiting potential
employees, state and county officials say. It also has resulted in half of the
county being declared a "food desert" by the federal government.

After several years of trying to fill the vacant Haberkorn's grocery store,
Pat's Foods, an Upper Peninsula grocery chain agreed to take over the building
and open a new store. The county in March created a Tax Incremental Financing
(TIF) District to help fund the project, and the WEDC grant provided the final
piece of the necessary funding.

The new grocery store, a $1.2 million project, is expected to open in June.

"Not only does this project fill a critical need for the residents of Florence
County, but it has a significant economic impact as well," said Lieutenant
Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, who was in Florence today to announce the state
grant. "The new store will create about 20 new jobs, and it establishes a
downtown anchor that could lead to additional retail growth."

The state funding is part of WEDC's Community Development Investment Grant
Program, which supports community development and redevelopment
efforts--primarily in downtown areas--throughout the state.

"We are pleased to play a key role to bringing a much-needed resource to
Florence County," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, who joined
Kleefisch in making the announcement in Florence. "Our Community Development
Investment Grant Program is helping communities and counties all over the state
with projects like this that will provide a shot in the arm to the local
economy."

State and county officials say the project is a prime example of how public and
private entities can work together on initiatives that provide a significant
benefit to the community.

"Economic development and job creation doesn't happen in Madison," Hall said.
"And it can't happen without strong partnerships like this one. The state, the
county and private business worked hand in hand to make this happen."

"Having a full-service grocery store open again is an important step for
Florence County," said County Chairperson Jeanette Bomberg. "It will help boost
our economy. It will create jobs, improve our internal and external image,
increase the tax base and help spur new retail growth. But more importantly we
will have fresh fruits and meats to purchase locally."

"The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation and the State of Wisconsin sent
a message that rural counties do matter--and for that we are so grateful," she
added.

Ben Campioni, owner of Pat's Foods, said the company had been considering
reopening the store in Florence for the last five years. But financially the
project was not feasible until Florence County Economic Development Director
Wendy Gehlhoff told the company about WEDC's new Community Development
Investment Grant Program and submitted an application on our behalf, said
Campioni. Campioni also owns and operates grocery stores under the Pat's Foods
name in the Upper Peninsula communities of Houghton, Hancock, Calumet,
Ontonagon, and L'Anse.

"We will strive to be an asset to Florence and the surrounding area by providing
products and services needed by the residents and seasonal visitors," Campioni
said. "We take part in the communities we serve by giving back to the towns and
local charities generously, and we base our business around being "hometown
proud.'"

The new grocery store is the latest example of the increased economic
development taking place in Florence County.

A new Family Dollar Store is being planned in downtown Florence for late 2014,
and Florence Hardwoods LLC is in the middle of an expansion project in the
industrial park. All three of these new projects are benefiting from the
county's newly created TIF District.

For further information please visit:
http://www.inwisconsin.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Middlesbrough Evening Gazette

                            December 22, 2008 Monday
                                  FIN Edition

pounds 377,000 to make life a little better;
Residents to benefit from digital village

BYLINE: MIKE MORGAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 409 words


EAST Cleveland has won a pounds 377,000 boost to run a pioneering social
experiment to enhance the lives of thousands of people.

Rural and coastal communities in Redcar and Cleveland will benefit from the
hi-tech experimental project, run in partnership with the University of
Teesside.

East Cleveland Community Development Group's digital villages network scheme has
been awarded the grant to test the effectiveness of a community-led virtual
computer network where locals can communicate with each other, voice their needs
and learn new skills from the comfort of their own homes.

The project is one of 24 initiatives across England being given a share of
pounds 7,742,550 from the BIG Lottery fund research programme.

James Turner, BIG Lottery Fund head of the North-east region, said: "This
programme aims to fund sound research-based knowledge which will influence local
and national policy and develop better services for people from all walks of
life.

"The group's Digital Villages Network project has the potential to be of
significant value to policy makers."

A digital village is a virtual space where people can interact with those who
would be otherwise distant and unreachable.

This is done by uploading poetry, digital stories and online newspapers to a
computer network for others to read and enjoy.

Communities can also share archives of photos, tune in to Internet radio shows
or gather opinions of local people on pressing issues.

To take part, participants need to pick up new skills, meaning that the network
becomes a learning community with the potential to benefit many hundreds of
people.

Paul Davies, project leader, East Cleveland Community Development Group, said:
"This is a tremendous opportunity for our group, and importantly for the people
of East Cleveland and the wider region, to look at how technology can really
begin to make an impact on the things that are important in the 21st Century.

"What we will learn from this research will have wider implications for
communities across the country and also for those who develop and look at
policies concerning ICT learning and the use of technology in our society."

Twelve community members from the borough will be directly involved in the
three-year project as researchers, and all those living in the area will see the
benefit of research findings published on the internet and in academic papers,
while being taught the skills needed to maintain the network.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              June 18, 2004 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Call for partners in childhood projects;
Tender watchGOVERNMENT BUSINESS

BYLINE: Christopher Jay

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 702 words


As concern grows over Australia's declining birthrate, the federal government

has placed increased emphasis on services for early childhood development and

child care, as part of its Stronger Families and Communities Strategy.

Although not as bad as the situation in some European countries, the current

birthrate of about 1.7 children per child-bearing woman is well below the

long-term population replacement rate for Australia.

Population specialists in recent times have been making demographic projections

that up to one-third of young women may never marry, including a high

proportion of professional, educated women.

For those who do marry, it is difficult to have third and fourth children

because of the high cost of mortgages, shortages of affordable family homes of

a reasonable quality and past failure to support sufficient child-minding

centres.

The urgency of the situation has been disguised in the past because the high

absolute numbers of women in the child-bearing age groups, from the post-war

baby boom, compensated in part for the fall in size of individual families.

But with the oldest of the baby-boom mothers now about 12 years past

child-bearing age, and the birth rate continuing to fall, federal politicians

are starting to make remarks about child-care needs and encouraging women to

have more children.

An example was federal Treasurer Peter Costello's suggestion that parents have

one child for the husband, one for the wife and one for the country. Behind

the whimsy, it was a highly serious comment.

The latest in a string of federal government initiatives covers funding for

community development for children for 2004-2008.

The closing date for applications is July 30, reports the latest issue of Hot

Tenders from Melbourne tender notification and management specialist,

Tendersearch.

The advertisement, from the Department of Family and Community Services,

seeks facilitating partners to handle grants of between $1 million and $4

million each in up to 35 communities over the next four years. A list of 28

individual communities is set out, with notional grant amounts specified.

The aim is to develop local early childhood programs, designed to improve

learning, personal development and life situations for small children around

Australia. The facilitating partners will work with local community and service

providers to develop community action plans tailored to local circumstances.

Communities chosen range from Fairfield, Campbelltown, Wyong, Raymond

Terrace and Taree in NSW, to Swan Hill/Robinvale, Brimbank and Greater

Dandenong in Victoria, Deception Bay in Queensland and East Kimberley in

Western Australia.

The Stronger Families and Communities Strategy is a personal program of Prime

Minister John Howard, who launched it on April 16, 2000. Since then, about

$226 million in funding has been allocated to more than 660 local projects.

These include 142 early childhood programs, 99 on parenting skills, 51 on

relationship skills, 188 mentoring and leadership programs, 97 community

building efforts and 63 programs on volunteering.

Almost a quarter have been in indigenous communities, and more than half in

rural and remote areas. Other "innovative community initiatives" have been

implemented under the slogans "Can Do Communities" and "Sporting Heroes".

Another component has been the groundbreaking Longitudinal Study of Australian

Children.

On the early childhood issue, for pre-kindergarten children, work includes home

visits, early learning and literacy, playgroups, social skills and

communication skills, parenting programs and counselling, child nutrition,

social inclusion and peer support for parents, as well as organising community

events to celebrate the importance of the early years.

Background material on the departmental website says: "There is no doubt that

the early years of a child's life are important to their future development.

"During this period the child's brain is rapidly developing and the

foundation for learning, behaviour and health over the life course is set.

"Children need good nutrition and to be cared for in nurturing and stimulating

environments.

"Children who do not get a good start in life may experience problems in

childhood, which often extend into their adult lives."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: New federal government initiatives provide funding for community
development for children. Photo: LOUISE KENNERLEY/afrphotos.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 31, 2015 Sunday

BIZ BUZZ: New taxi service opens downtown

BYLINE: Sarah Einselen, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 902 words


May 31--The owner of a new taxi service downtown reports growth has been swift
and steady for him.

Junior Diaz, owner of United Taxi Car Service, said the firm opened in April and
two weeks afterward expanded from one to two cars. He's looking at adding more,
too.

Diaz, who formerly owned a New York City taxi service before moving to
Logansport seven years ago, anticipates having six to eight cars total by this
time next year.

He opened the business because "the town needed transportation," Diaz said.
Besides in-town trips, he said United also offers nighttime service and
transportation to out-of-town locations like airports. Employees speak English
and all varieties of Spanish, Diaz said.

While another Logansport taxi service, Blue Star Taxi, has already operated for
several years, Diaz and Blue Star general manager Rick Eubank said they have
referred customers to each other at times when they had no taxis available.

"We're not directly helping each other, but if it helps the customer in the long
run, that's pretty much the ultimate goal of every cab company, to keep
customers happy," Eubank said.

Currently the firm employs three drivers -- two full time -- and a dispatcher.
Diaz said he's looking to hire more drivers as he adds cars.

United Taxi Car Service is located at 603 North St. Dispatch may be reached at
574-398-2000.

KNIGHT OPENS SOLO LAW OFFICE

A Logansport attorney is once again establishing a solo law practice in a
historic downtown building.

James M. Knight, an attorney in Logansport for nearly 20 years, has reopened his
law office at 219 S. Fifth St. effective June 1.

The local native has been practicing in town since 1996, the year he was first
admitted to the bar. Initially practicing solo, he opened his own law office on
Fifth Street in 2007 before partnering with the law firm known most recently as
Hillis, Hillis, Rozzi and Knight in 2007.

He retained ownership of the building that housed the old law office, he said,
adding he "always maintained the possibility of going back into that office."

The building was a grain and pork warehouse located along the Wabash and Erie
Canal in the 1860s, according to information provided by the Cass County
Historical Society.

By 1875 the canal was filled in, but the building continued its use as a
warehouse for a variety of products, including grains and farm products as well
as agricultural and gardening implements, hardware, stoves and carriages.

Knight thanked his former law partners and legal assistants and said an office
manager and a part-time assistant would be staffing his new office.

Hours will be 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday, closed for lunch from noon
to 1 p.m. The law office may be reached at 574-722-2929.

TEAM MAKES PLACEMAKINGITS FOCUS for grant program

WINAMAC -- The Pulaski County Hometown Collaboration Initiative team decided to
focus on the Placemaking/Primacy of Place building block as the next step in the
HCI process during a session on May 12 facilitated by Scott Hutcheson of the
Purdue Center for Regional Development.

Pulaski County and other finalist communities in the initiative were chosen to
get training and technical assistance, data preparation and seed funding from
the program to spur rural economic development.

During the May 12 session, the local HCI coordinating team determined which
building block was the most appropriate next step by weighing the need and
support for each of the three building blocks in the program -- leadership,
economy, and placemaking.

"It was a really close call between the leadership and placemaking building
blocks," Nathan P. Origer said. "In fact, in ranking our options by need, we
split the vote evenly."

Origer is executive director of the Pulaski County Community Development
Commission. He added those gathered for the session figured placemaking would
have more community support and better opportunities for success in the long
run.

Placemaking describes a community's decision to put its resources toward
improving life experiences for residents, businesses and visitors.

The HCI team plans to reconvene in early August with Sharon Canaday, associate
director of economic and community development for Ball State University's
Building Better Communities.

Canaday will guide the team as it takes stock of physical assets, explores the
integration of the arts and historic preservation into built assets or focuses
on enhancing Pulaski County's local food system.

Ultimately, each community selected for HCI will participate in a capstone
block. During that block, the HCI team expects to learn ways to keep the team
energized and working on longer-term goals.

According to a press release from the county's Community Development Commission,
it's estimated that by being selected for HCI, Pulaski County will have gained
the equivalent of nearly $100,000 in training and technical assistance from
state-agency and university professionals.

The Hometown Collaboration Initiative is sponsored by the Indiana Office of
Community and Rural Affairs and The Office of the Lieutenant Governor, in
partnership with the Purdue Center for Regional Development and Ball State
University's Building Better Communities Department.

Reach Sarah Einselen at sarah.einselen@pharostribune.com or 574-732-5151.

___ (c)2015 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150531-LG-BIZ-BUZZ-New-taxi-service-opens-downtown-0531-20150531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2015 Pharos-Tribune


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Virginia: AHIP, Albemarle County Win $855,000 CDBG Award to Improve Housing
Conditions in Alberene Community

LENGTH: 858  words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: County of Albemarle, The state of Virginia has issued the following
news release:



 The Alberene Improvement Project, a joint neighborhood revitalization effort
between AHIP and the County of Albemarle, is one of 11 statewide projects
receiving funding through more than $9.5 million in Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) announced by Governor Terry McAuliffe late last week. The local
home rehab and community preservation initiative focusing on Alberene in rural
southern Albemarle will receive $855,000 in CDBG support to help approximately
30 families with critical home repair needs over two years.





 In 1883, two New York businessmen started the Alberene Soapstone Company. One
of the men, James H. Serene, combined his last name and "Albemarle," coining the
name of the community that became home for the workers of one of the area's
largest employers. Several of the homes built then are still there, along with a
mix of ranch-style houses from the 1960s, 70s, and 80s.



 "We are excited to restore the vulnerable homes and protect the families that
are connected to a unique and little-known story of Albemarle's past," Jennifer
Jacobs, AHIP executive director, said. "We are grateful to partner with the
county to invest CDBG funds to keep homes safe, healthy, and affordable for our
Alberene neighbors."



 AHIP knew from its extensive waitlist data that there was high demand for rehab
and energy-efficiency work in southern Albemarle. The two-year CDBG funding will
allow AHIP and the county to carry out comprehensive rehab projects and tackle
failing roofs, lack of heat, failed wells and septic systems, faulty plumbing,
dangerous electrical systems, unsafe structures, peeling paint, dilapidated
kitchens and bathrooms, mold, hazardous steps, lack of insulation, broken
windows and doors, and more.



 Additionally, all appliances replaced and weatherization upgrades will meet
national EnergyStar standards. Client families being served through the Alberene
Improvement Project are expected to have lower utility costs, as well as consume
10-20 percent less energy.



 "Albemarle County is honored with the confidence shown by the Department of
Housing and Community Development for our partnership's ability to carry out an
important community improvement project," Ron White, chief of housing for
Albemarle County, said. "Over the years, the County has partnered with AHIP to
undertake a number of housing rehabilitation projects to improve living
conditions for citizens of the County. This grant will allow the partnership to
continue and bring improved conditions to 30 homes in the community of
Alberene."



 Work will soon be underway on projects for the first of 18 families that will
receive help in Phase 1; 11 more are slated for Phase 2. The joint effort will
help extremely low- to low-income families, with the 72 people included in the
two-year plan earning 38 percent of Area Median Income.



 "I have an old house, I love the old house. But, it's hard to keep all that up
and when a house gets to be a certain age, it just needs more work," said
Alberene homeowner Nancy Wray in an interview with NBC29 earlier this year.
Wray's home was built in 1903, and she has lived there for 31 years. She works
part time for a local nonprofit. AHIP helped Wray in December 2014 by installing
a new HVAC system after a house fire left her without heat. Her home needs
extensive repairs and upgrades to be safe and fully functional.



 "I have some leaky roof issues. I have a bad floor in my kitchen which makes me
very nervous," said Wray.



 Since 1982, the federally funded CDBG program has been administered by the
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development. During this year's
competitive cycle, 19 proposals were submitted by localities, totaling more than
$16.5 million in funding requests.



 "The CDBG program is an important resource to help localities across Virginia
address community development needs by investing in projects that provide
long-term security," said Governor McAuliffe in a statement released Friday,
Sept. 2. "By focusing on infrastructure, downtown revitalization, and housing
rehabilitation, the Community Development Block Grants enable communities to
improve services and attract businesses to their area. We will continue to
prioritize projects that will directly improve the lives of our citizens and
move us toward our goal to build a new Virginia economy."



 Since submitting the request to DHCD in March, AHIP has been actively seeking
private funding partners to help more clients in Alberene and adjacent
neighborhoods. Both Perry Foundation, Inc. and Twentieth Century Merchants Fund
in CACF have pledged significant support, along with several local foundations
and family funds.



 "By attracting committed public-private funding partners as well as key
collaborators, volunteers, and other stakeholders, together we become agents of
preservation--not just for homes, but for the neighborhoods," Jacobs added. "We
simply could not do this work alone."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Virginia: AHIP, Albemarle County Win $855,000 CDBG Award to Improve Housing
Conditions in Alberene Community

LENGTH: 858  words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: County of Albemarle, The state of Virginia has issued the following
news release:



 The Alberene Improvement Project, a joint neighborhood revitalization effort
between AHIP and the County of Albemarle, is one of 11 statewide projects
receiving funding through more than $9.5 million in Community Development Block
Grants (CDBG) announced by Governor Terry McAuliffe late last week. The local
home rehab and community preservation initiative focusing on Alberene in rural
southern Albemarle will receive $855,000 in CDBG support to help approximately
30 families with critical home repair needs over two years.





 In 1883, two New York businessmen started the Alberene Soapstone Company. One
of the men, James H. Serene, combined his last name and "Albemarle," coining the
name of the community that became home for the workers of one of the area's
largest employers. Several of the homes built then are still there, along with a
mix of ranch-style houses from the 1960s, 70s, and 80s.



 "We are excited to restore the vulnerable homes and protect the families that
are connected to a unique and little-known story of Albemarle's past," Jennifer
Jacobs, AHIP executive director, said. "We are grateful to partner with the
county to invest CDBG funds to keep homes safe, healthy, and affordable for our
Alberene neighbors."



 AHIP knew from its extensive waitlist data that there was high demand for rehab
and energy-efficiency work in southern Albemarle. The two-year CDBG funding will
allow AHIP and the county to carry out comprehensive rehab projects and tackle
failing roofs, lack of heat, failed wells and septic systems, faulty plumbing,
dangerous electrical systems, unsafe structures, peeling paint, dilapidated
kitchens and bathrooms, mold, hazardous steps, lack of insulation, broken
windows and doors, and more.



 Additionally, all appliances replaced and weatherization upgrades will meet
national EnergyStar standards. Client families being served through the Alberene
Improvement Project are expected to have lower utility costs, as well as consume
10-20 percent less energy.



 "Albemarle County is honored with the confidence shown by the Department of
Housing and Community Development for our partnership's ability to carry out an
important community improvement project," Ron White, chief of housing for
Albemarle County, said. "Over the years, the County has partnered with AHIP to
undertake a number of housing rehabilitation projects to improve living
conditions for citizens of the County. This grant will allow the partnership to
continue and bring improved conditions to 30 homes in the community of
Alberene."



 Work will soon be underway on projects for the first of 18 families that will
receive help in Phase 1; 11 more are slated for Phase 2. The joint effort will
help extremely low- to low-income families, with the 72 people included in the
two-year plan earning 38 percent of Area Median Income.



 "I have an old house, I love the old house. But, it's hard to keep all that up
and when a house gets to be a certain age, it just needs more work," said
Alberene homeowner Nancy Wray in an interview with NBC29 earlier this year.
Wray's home was built in 1903, and she has lived there for 31 years. She works
part time for a local nonprofit. AHIP helped Wray in December 2014 by installing
a new HVAC system after a house fire left her without heat. Her home needs
extensive repairs and upgrades to be safe and fully functional.



 "I have some leaky roof issues. I have a bad floor in my kitchen which makes me
very nervous," said Wray.



 Since 1982, the federally funded CDBG program has been administered by the
Virginia Department of Housing and Community Development. During this year's
competitive cycle, 19 proposals were submitted by localities, totaling more than
$16.5 million in funding requests.



 "The CDBG program is an important resource to help localities across Virginia
address community development needs by investing in projects that provide
long-term security," said Governor McAuliffe in a statement released Friday,
Sept. 2. "By focusing on infrastructure, downtown revitalization, and housing
rehabilitation, the Community Development Block Grants enable communities to
improve services and attract businesses to their area. We will continue to
prioritize projects that will directly improve the lives of our citizens and
move us toward our goal to build a new Virginia economy."



 Since submitting the request to DHCD in March, AHIP has been actively seeking
private funding partners to help more clients in Alberene and adjacent
neighborhoods. Both Perry Foundation, Inc. and Twentieth Century Merchants Fund
in CACF have pledged significant support, along with several local foundations
and family funds.



 "By attracting committed public-private funding partners as well as key
collaborators, volunteers, and other stakeholders, together we become agents of
preservation--not just for homes, but for the neighborhoods," Jacobs added. "We
simply could not do this work alone."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             June 20, 2010, Sunday

Foundation grants $598,553 for health and human services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2B

LENGTH: 897 words


The Greater Kanawha Valley Foundation Board of Trustees last week approved the
distribution of 35 grants totaling $598,553.

The distribution is for health and human services projects. The YWCA received
the largest grant in the cycle, $46,000 for the continued operations of the
Child Enrichment Center, Resolve Family Abuse Program and Sojourner's Shelter.

The next granting cycle for the foundation will support land use and recreation
projects. Visit www.tgkvf.org for the grant application and instructions. The
deadline is Aug. 2.

The foundation's mission is to improve the quality of life and promote
philanthropy in the Kanawha Valley. It serves a six-county region that includes
Kanawha, Putnam, Clay, Fayette, Lincoln and Boone counties.

Health and Human Services grants include:

-Jefferson Volunteer Fire Department: $10,800 for a thermal imaging camera.

-Kanawha Valley Fellowship Home: $19,440 to provide utilities, food and
supportive services in a transitional living environment.

-Tri-County YMCA: $8,500 to buy a public address system for summer campers to
enhance safety issues and communication needs.

-Alzheimer's Disease & Related Disorders Association: $9,532 to support opening
three rural offices to assist families dealing with the challenges of
Alzheimer's disease.

-American Red Cross: $20,875 to help the West Virginia chapter provide basic
need assistance to about 30 disaster-victim families.

-Believe in West Virginia: $10,151 to support continued partnership of
nonprofits to improve living conditions by providing building materials, food,
clothing and personal care items.

-Cabell-Wayne Association of the Blind: $10,000 for education outreach in
Lincoln and Putnam counties to increase awareness of eye health and prevention
of vision loss. The funds also will provide low vision aids for people with
vision loss.

-Catholic Community Services - Whitesville Food Pantry: $5,000 for smoke alarms
and carbon monoxide detectors for low-income people.

-The Center for Rural Health Development: $15,000 for program support to the
West Virginia Immunization Network, providing vaccinations to those age 11 to 21
in Lincoln and Putnam counties.

-Children's Therapy Clinic: $25,000 to provide therapeutic services for
low-income families who have children with special needs.

-Community Access: $12,550 to continue the Transitions to Employment program at
the Samaritan Inn and Veterans Service Center.

-Community Development Outreach Ministries: $10,250 for after-school
programming, summer day camp and a new healthy eating program.

-Covenant House: $15,000 to help the chronically homeless obtain SSI/SSDI.

-Just for Kids: $8,692 to train staff and volunteers of youth-serving
organizations to better recognize and respond to child sexual abuse.

-Kanawha Communities That Care: $6,960 to promote youth substance abuse
awareness, education and prevention strategies in Kanawha County.

-Kanawha County Dental Health Council: $5,500 to purchase up-to-date equipment
for the seven clinics the council operates.

-March of Dimes: $30,000 to support families with babies in NICU.

-Metropolitan Community Development Corp.: $10,000 for non-emergency
transportation.

-Prestera Center for Mental Health Services: $19,524 for beds, bedding and food
for the treatment, support and shelter of adults with substance abuse issues.

-Rea of Hope Fellowship Home: $17,500 for the care of women recovering from
alcohol and drug addictions.

-Regional Family Resource Network: $11,502 for education in pre-natal and early
childhood care in Boone and Kanawha counties.

-Religious Coalition for Community Renewal: $1,000 for food expenses for
homeless men.

-Roark-Sullivan Lifeway Center: $23,088 for basic health care for homeless women
and men, and health screening and referrals to health-care providers.

-The Salvation Army: $35,000 for rent and energy assistance for those in need in
the Kanawha Valley.

-Step by Step: $7,363 for a 10-week educational initiative on substance abuse,
violence and other prevention issues for Lincoln County youth.

-TEAM for West Virginia Children: $16,400 to recruit, screen and train
volunteers to assist abused children traveling through the court systems in
Boone, Lincoln and Putnam counties.

-United Way of Central West Virginia: $10,000 for the Foster Grandparent Program
for training and travel.

-Upper Kanawha Valley Enterprise Community: $23,913 for the Parents as Teachers
program for work with parents and children from pre-natal stage through
kindergarten.

-West Virginia Division of Natural Resources: $15,000 for the Hunters Helping
the Hungry Program for processing and distribution of meat to food banks, soup
kitchens, food pantries and shelters.

-West Virginia Health Right: $29,000 for purchase of medications for patients.

-West Virginia Statewide Independent Living Council: $5,000 for the disability
caucus, providing training for family members and advocates of those with
disabilities.

-WVU Foundation/Eye Institute: $41,013 for children with retinopathy and for
educational and life skills assistance for children with low vision or
blindness.

-WomenCare: $25,000 for the oral health care and education for low-income or
uninsured women, through pre-natal care, in Putnam, Kanawha and Boone counties.

-Women's Health Center of West Virginia: $20,000 for in-home pregnancy and
infant care education to high-risk Medicaid-insured pregnant women and infants.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             April 10, 2011 Sunday
                                 CITY-C Edition

In census, some Pa. towns left at a loss;
Population fell in 70 across the region, which grew overall. A few municipal
leaders see problems with the data.

BYLINE: By John P. Martin; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1110 words


Since the first batch of 2010 U.S. Census data emerged last month, Langhorne
Mayor Chris Blaydon has scoured block maps, ordered decade-old trash bills, and
phoned two federal officials.

The numbers say the historic Bucks County borough lost 359 residents, or 18
percent of its population.

Hogwash, says Blaydon.

"There is no way in hell that our population dropped," he said in an interview
last week. "We are so steady in every way."

As the figures trickle in from the once-a-decade count, some Southeastern
Pennsylvania towns are facing a troubling prospect: The region grew, but they
did not.

In Bucks, Chester, Montgomery, and Delaware Counties, 70 municipalities shed
population, the census shows. Eight lost more than 10 percent.

The data have some officials scratching their heads and others girding for a
challenge - and with good reason. At stake could be millions of dollars in
federal and state aid tied to population, for programs such as open-space
preservation, senior-citizen initiatives, and the community development grants
that often finance low-income-housing programs.

"C.D. dollars are heaven-sent here," said Chester Mayor Wendell Butler, whose
city lost 2,882 people, continuing a decades-long slide. "With a town like mine,
I need every dollar."

Sixty-five miles north of Chester, Durham Township Manager Joseph Kulick sees a
different cause for worry: Fewer people in his town could mean more potholes.

According to the census, Durham, in rural upper Bucks County, lost 13 percent of
its residents, falling to 1,144 people. That's the number the state will use to
calculate Durham's share of revenue from the liquid-fuels tax.

"That's the only thing we use to fix our roads," Kulick said.

Like others, he was skeptical of the count. Durham has long been home to two
kinds of folk: farmers with deep community roots and wealthy professionals,
often from New York, who escape to the Bucks County hills. Both guard their
privacy, and neither were easy for census takers to find and interview, Kulick
said.

"I know they had a lot of problems," he said. "They were in and out of here many
times."

While Chester suffered the largest loss of people in the region, the biggest
percentage drop came in the Montgomery County hamlet of Schwenksville, where
rolls fell just over 18 percent last decade to 1,385 people. The decline was the
first there in at least 80 years, according to the census.

"We're like a senior citizen on a fixed income," said Mayor Joseph Giunta, a
resident for 25 years. "We're just not growing. We're just not multiplying."

The analogy is apt. Towns lose population for all sorts of reasons, and some
will be more apparent when, in coming months, the census releases detailed data
on economics and household size. But experts point to three common reasons for a
community's population loss: a lack of new housing, no turnover in existing
units, and the incredible shrinking family.

In almost every decade since the country's founding, the size of the typical
American household has dwindled. In the 2000 census, it was 2.45 people.

Largely a product of fewer children, the number also reflects a trend experts
call "aging in place," in which older Americans shun moving - to a smaller home
or a care facility - even after their kids move out or spouse dies. That has
been particularly true in the Keystone State.

"In a lot of small boroughs in Pennsylvania, there are people who have owned
these houses, and they are staying in their houses," said Gordon DeJong, a
sociologist and demographer at Pennsylvania State University. "So it's a family
size of one in many places."

Lee Ann Miller, who sits on Schwenksville's revitalization committee, said she
was more concerned about luring business patrons than new residents. The
surrounding townships all grew last decade; the goal is to make Schwenksville a
destination for their residents.

"The size of the town is really not what's important," Miller said. "What's
important is how many people consider it to be their Main Street."

Not all towns are so accepting of the census results. The census says
Morrisville, a working-class Bucks County town across the Delaware River from
Trenton, lost 1,295 people since 2000, dropping below 9,000 for the first time
in almost half a century. It says that one-third of the black population left,
but that the Hispanic and Asian populations surged.

Robert Seward doesn't see it. As assistant borough manager, fire marshal, and
code-enforcement officer, Seward spends five hours a day in and out of borough
streets, homes, and businesses. At 59, he has lived in the town his whole life.

"I don't think it's changed - honestly I don't," he said.

Seward might have an argument. The Census Bureau also reported 411 fewer housing
units in Morrisville, a loss that perplexed even county planners, because there
have been no major housing changes in the borough, such as a razed apartment
building.

That could raise questions about the count. Errors in past censuses have
included misjudging boundaries or inadvertently recording group homes, such as a
senior-citizen complex or college dorm, in the wrong town.

Census spokeswoman Stacey Vidal said last week that there had been a few
inquiries about challenges so far, but that the dispute process would not
officially start until June. Fewer than 3 percent of the municipalities
nationwide got their numbers revised after the last census, and those changes
added just 2,700 people to the total.

Census Director Robert Groves has said indicators suggest the 2010 count was
more accurate than ever, raising the prospect that the current figures might be
on target and that the 2000 census was off.

That wouldn't shock Blaydon, the Langhorne mayor.

If you believe the census, the population in his half-square-mile borough has
Ping-Ponged wildly for the last half-century.

It fell 13 percent in the 1960s, rose 1 percent in the 1970s, plunged 20 percent
in the 1980s, then rebounded 45 percent in the 1990s. And, according to the
census, the latest drop occurred during a decade when the borough added 28
housing units and increased its occupancy rate.

Blaydon, a former airline pilot who has lived with his wife in the same home for
43 years, isn't buying it. He said he planned to press the Borough Council to
file a challenge.

"You look at the town," he said, "you can see nothing's changed."

Even Bob Byrne, the mayor of neighboring Langhorne Manor, said he thought
something was amiss. According to the census, his tiny town added 515 residents
last decade - a whopping 56 percent increase.

Said Byrne: "There must be some kind of mix-up."

Contact staff writer John P. Martin at 215-854-4774

or jmartin@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

'MILTON' mirrors multicultural community

BYLINE: Vicki Hillhouse, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 821 words


June 16--MILTON-FREEWATER -- At face value, it's easy enough to accomplish the
goal from directors of experimental performance project "MILTON," opening
tonight: bring together people who might not typically be in the same room at
the same time.

That's done simply by staging the play and bringing Broadway-caliber theater to
residents of a small rural community.

But directors Lisa D'Amour and Katie Pearl have other groups in mind. Mainly the
residents of a town separated by a language barrier.

Described as part poem, part song and part video production, the three-person
performance -- part of a years-in-the-making project aimed at four communities
named Milton and one named Milton-Freewater -- has been adapted to a bilingual
production for this particular incarnation.

"The script addresses the frustration of being misunderstood and the potential
for change when people take the time to drop assumptions about one another and
sit and listen," a description of the piece explains. "In the performance, there
are times when the characters seem to work together to make sure every line is
understood in both languages, and other times when they seem to give up and say
'I will never understand.'"

Six performances are offered over the next four days free of charge to
Milton-Freewater residents. Nonresidents are asked to pay a donation.

The production has been in the works for several years. The directing duo behind
it is the creative force of Pearl D'Amour, collaborators whose award-winning
productions range inside and outside traditional theater spaces. Their idea for
"MILTON" was to look at American life through a different scope. They picked
five towns with Milton in their name, then spent hundreds of hours in each one,
interviewing residents and taking what they know to write a performance of
discovery.

Milton-Freewater is the second community to host the performance. The first was
in Milton, N.C., in 2014.

The timeline demonstrates the laborious process for conception, research,
writing and funding.

As part of the process, D'Amour and Pearl partnered with Ashley Sparks, a New
Orleans-based theater director and cultural organizer, to serve as community
engagement liaison. Shakespeare Walla Walla is also a partner as a producer.

Last year the "MILTON" project was selected for a $75,000 National Endowment for
the Arts grant. Milton-Freewater was one of 69 "Our Town" recipients of awards
totaling almost $5 million.

The grant process, led locally by Milton-Freewater Community Development
Director Mike Watkins, needed a nonprofit arts organization as a sponsor. That's
where Shakespeare Walla Walla came in.

The organization has also helped by working with drama students and in visual
arts with a mural and tagging project for Cinco de Mayo, among other endeavors.

"For some reason in our lives and especially in a small town there's some
legitimacy from the outsiders understanding how small towns coalesce,"
Shakespeare Walla Walla Executive Director Ron Williams said. "They didn't
decide in advance what the community wants or needs. They listened to people and
helped them choose.

In the process of the exploration for their production, Pearl, D'Amour and
Sparks discovered each town has its own complex depth. Much more that belies the
simple life often cast on rural America.

Consequently, their research shifted into advocacy to help leaders and residents
feel empowered to build their own sense of community.

In January the group's visit included a project with local students, using
creative writing and theater to dream about the town's future. For
seventh-graders, the project extended into the civic realm as they were
introduced to city officials to help continue the conversations.

The team was represented at the opening of the Arts Portal Gallery, a pop-up
gallery that in its debut premiered artwork by middle school students who likely
never would have shown before. Just weeks later, they were here for the
community's Cinco de Mayo Festival, a near-and-dear celebration.

The combination of art and facilitation prompted The New York Times to refer to
their endeavor in a 2015 piece as "social outreach and theater rolled into one."

"MILTON" is part of a now larger initiative in the community called "Talk Play
Dream -- Hablar Jugar Sonar." The citywide initiative, produced in partnership
with Shakespeare Walla Walla, aims to create bilingual family-friendly arts
programming. Funding comes in part by that National Endowment for the Arts
grant, plus the Milton-Freewater Downtown Alliance, Oregon Community Fund, the
Collins Foundation, the Oregon Arts Commission and public donations.

Vicki Hillhouse can be reached at 509-526-8321, vickihillhouse@wwub.com or on
Twitter at https://twitter.com/VickiHillhouse.

___ (c)2016 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) Visit Walla Walla
Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) at union-bulletin.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160616-UN-MILTON-mirrors-multicultural-community-0616-20160616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2016 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Oregon Community Grant Program

LENGTH: 449  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Oregon Community Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

A list of regional program officers is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Oregon Community Grant Program awards funding to small and medium-sized
nonprofits that are working to better the lives of people in Oregon. Funds are
considered for the provision of services and, when it serves to better the
community, capital projects.

Projects must fall into one of the following priority areas:

Health and Well-being of Vulnerable Populations:
        Community-based health and wellness initiatives, including oral and
mental/behavioral health
        Basic human needs projects, such as food and housing
        Quality of life, safety, and self-sufficiency projects for at-risk
populations
    Educational Opportunities:
        Social, emotional, and cognitive development of young children,
including programs that educate parents and projects that involve volunteers
        Academic support, mentoring, and recreational programs for children and
youth
        Workplace, career, and postsecondary experiences and opportunities for
youth
        Adult literacy, skill development, education, and workforce training
    Community Livability, Environment, and Citizenship
        Leadership development, volunteerism, immigrant integration, and civic
participation
        Stewardship of outdoor spaces
        Historic preservation
        Projects that address social, economic, and environmental challenges
    Arts and Culture Organizations

Eligibility  Only 501(c)(3) nonprofit organizations in Oregon are eligible.
Geographic
coverage  Oregon
Amount of
funding  No amounts are specified. Past grants have ranged from $1,000-$60,000.
Application
process  Applications are due by February 1 and August 1 of each year. Links to
the application forms and program guidance are available on the program website.

Tagged as  Aging, Arts and culture, Capital funding, Child care, Child welfare,
Children, Community development, Dental health, Economic development, Emergency
preparedness and response, Emergency services, Employment, Energy, Environment,
Family planning, Food and hunger, Health insurance and uninsured, Health
promotion and disease prevention, Health services, Hospitals and clinics,
Housing and homelessness, Job training and adult education, Mental health,
Networking and collaboration, Obesity, Parks and recreation, People with
disabilities, Public health, Schools, Substance abuse, Veteran Health, Wellness,
Workforce, Youth, Oregon

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Ayr Advocate (Australia)

                          December 20, 2006 Wednesday

Network has plenty to celebrate

BYLINE: Monique Ross

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 329  words


THE Burdekin Youth Network has much to celebrate this Christmas.

Despite having been in existence for less than a year, the network has made
significant inroads into enhancing the lives of youth in the district, whether
it be through sport, employment initiatives or other activities.

Since the Youth Network was formed in July, police have reported a drop in the
number of property-related offences.

Within the network there are several different groups, including the Youth
Watch, Men's and Women's groups and the Burdekin Youth Sports Endeavour which
includes the Burdekin Warriors football team and the Burdetts basketball team.

Last week the Burdekin Youth Network and Burdekin Community Safety held its
Christmas party at BAYWatch.

Several of the network's youth members were recognised for their contributions
to the group, while officials and members of each sub-group were also thanked
for their support. Elise Howard and Julieanne La Rocca were given certificates
of appreciation for their help with the group's grant application.

Burdekin Centre for Rural Health community development officer Kerrie Dudley
said the party was held as a way to thank everyone who was involved in the
program.

Ms Dudley said it had been an exceptional year for the Burdekin Youth Network.

''We owe a big thank you to the community for all their support as well as all
the leaders in the Youth Network and the people from Townsville who came
aboard,'' she said.

The highlight of the year was receiving funding from the Blueprint for the Bush
government grant, she said.

This money will be used to take on a support worker for the network.

Ms Dudley said all the groups in the network had grown over the months and they
hoped to expand on that next year.

''We're looking to work in closely with the education sector and get kids back
to school,'' she said.

Ms Dudley said they also wanted to build close links with the business and
farming community and develop more employment initiatives for youth.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TAA


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Warning for Welsh farmers on Europe

BYLINE: Sally Williams

SECTION: COUNTRY AND FARMING;FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 615 words


LEAVING the European Union A would be "catastrophic" for Welsh farmers, the
Deputy Minister for Farming and Food, Rebecca Evans warned visitors to the Royal
Welsh Show at Llanelwedd yesterday.

She reiterated her concerns for the future of the farming industry in Wales in
the event of an "out vote" in the forthcoming referendum on membership of the
European Union (EU).

With payments under the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) worth £240m to Welsh
farmers each year, the Deputy Minister said stopping this funding without any
realistic prospect of the same level of domestic replacement from the UK
Government, or of a sufficient period of time to allow farm businesses to
mitigate the financial loss, would be hugely damaging to the industry.

Speaking from the showground yesterday, the Deputy Minister said: "I have
followed with interest the many discussions on European membership in the media
and have been alarmed at the number of commentators who naively believe
agriculture would see a reduction in so called "red tape" and that the industry
would continue to receive the same level of financial support were we to leave
the EU.

"In fact, withdrawal from the EU, and the impact that this would undoubtedly
have in respect of the CAP, would be catastrophic for Welsh agriculture."

Last week, the Deputy Minister officially launched Welsh Government Rural
Communities - Rural Development Programme 2014 - 2020 (RDP).

The £900m programme is co-funded by the Welsh Government and the European Union,
and the Deputy Minister announced that several new and important initiatives
were to open during show week.

Rebecca Evans has announced that three of those support mechanisms totalling
£20m of support, the Sustainable Production Grant, Food Business Investment
Scheme and Rural Community Development Fund, are open now and she highlighted
the importance of a collaborative approach with the agriculture industry to
ensure that the outcomes sought are fully realised.

She said: "Last week, I launched Welsh Government Rural Communities which will
be more ambitious, innovative, and adaptable than previous programmes and will
stimulate rural economies, enhance our natural resources and make a lasting
difference to the lives of people all over Wales. This programme is a fantastic
opportunity to support rural Wales and it further demonstrates the benefits of
our EU membership. "The previous RDP has already invested nearly £800m into
Welsh communities and rural business and I am determined to make the most of
these opportunities.

"If we were to leave the EU our efforts to support our farmers and to realise
our shared vision of a modern, professional, and prosperous farming industry in
Wales, would be severely disadvantaged."

Meanwhile, The Morgan Parry Foundation launched its first annual award for young
people, at an event to celebrate the life of the leading environmentalist at the
showground yesterday.

Mr Parry, who died aged 56 in January 2014, was a leading figure in the
environmental movement in Wales for more than 30 years. He set up WWF Cymru and
was chairman of the Countryside Council for Wales and Cynnal Cymru.

The foundation is inviting young people to write an essay about securing Wales
for future generations in the year 2050. The winner will receive £500 to
progress the ideas and actions described in the essay.

Jane Davidson, former Minister for the Environment and Sustainability and chair
of the Morgan Parry Foundation said: "Morgan died at a tragically young age, but
his dream of a world where we tread lightly on the earth lives on.

"We hope this award will be both a tribute to his work and make a practical
difference."

Vsit www.morganparry.cymru for details.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

President's 2016 Budget Requests $233.5 Million for Treasury's CDFI Fund

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Jersey City


The Global Association of Risk Professionals has issued following press release:

Today, President Obama released the Administration's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
Budget proposal, which includes $233.5 million for the U.S. Treasury
Department's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). This
funding would extend the CDFI Fund's efforts to spur economic development and
job growth in underserved communities.

"The President's 2016 Budget calls for everyone to share in the prosperity of a
growing America, and it makes the critical investments needed to accelerate and
sustain economic growth in areas that need it the most," said CDFI Fund Director
Annie Donovan.  "This request provides essential support to the important and
innovative work of Community Development Financial Institutions, and these
organizations have a proven track record of leveraging private sector
investments to attract businesses, jobs, and services to low-income urban and
rural communities across the country."

Highlights of the FY 2016 Budget request for the CDFI Fund include:

·         $157.5 million for the Community Development Financial Institutions
Program, a $5 million increase from FY 2015;

·         $35 million for the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, which is a $13
million and 60 percent increase from FY2015; and

·         $16 million for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program, a $1
million increase from FY 2015.

The Budget proposes permanently extending the New Markets Tax Credit Program at
$5 billion per year and extending the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program through FY
2017.  The remainder of the request is for funding for administration of the
CDFI Fund's overall programs, including the restoration of the Capital Magnet
Fund, which provides affordable housing grants funded from non-appropriated
sources.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please contact
emaileditorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

West Virginia: WVU Reed College of Media receives Benedum grant for community
branding efforts

LENGTH: 329  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia University, The state of West Virginia has issued the following
news release:

The West Virginia University Reed College of Media recently received a grant
from the Claude Worthington Benedum foundation to launch a new project aimed at
revitalizing West Virginia communities. The grant, worth $130,000, will assemble
strategic expertise from the College of Media and other partners to provide
full-service, integrated branding efforts for West Virginia communities.

It will begin with three pilot projects, including the 2014 "Turn This Town
Around" contest winners, Matewan and Grafton, and the 2015 winner, Ripley.
Students and faculty will work with community leaders to develop a brand
identity and creative strategy, with an integrated marketing communications
campaign and a community branding tool-kit.

"Turn This Town Around" is a joint effort between the West Virginia Community
Development Hub, West Virginia Focus magazine and West Virginia Public
Broadcasting to help revitalize towns in the state through facilitated projects
and planning.

Dean Maryanne Reed says this project will give students valuable hands-on
experience working with community members and regional leaders to help raise
awareness of and promote each community's unique story and marketable
attributes.

"This project builds on our College's longstanding commitment to empowering
rural communities through digital and media tools and strategies," said Reed.
"It will also be a key program housed in our new Media Innovation Center to open
later this year."

In addition to providing community-driven integrated communications branding
work, the community branding initiative will house and distribute research
results, case studies, templates, training materials, and lessons learned from
individual campaigns as resources for rural communities both state- and
nation-wide.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Wellington Weekly News

                               September 15, 2004

Painting for auction

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 170 words


The auction this weekend of a painting by Greenham artist Dick Willis will boost
fund raising for the new Stawley PO and shop.  The Stawley Rural Community
Initiative has secured planning consent to convert an old pottery and store next
to the primary school to create the shop as well as a new community room, but
does not have sufficient funds yet.

The group's own fund raising stands at around £8,000, though with grants
promised from the Countryside Agency, the Community Champion Fund and the Post
Office, the total is nearer £27,000.

The group has also won funding for a community development worker for one year.

Dick Willis' painting of the church and river at Greenham has been on display at
Greenham Post Office and sealed bids can be handed in to the post office before
the auction is conducted by Ray Cooper of Wellington Salerooms at Greenham
Barton this Saturday from 7pm-9pm.

Tickets for the evening, priced £4, are available from Greenham PO and the Globe
Inn at Appley.


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2004 Wellington Weekly News


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Standard (London)

                             July 28, 1992, Tuesday

Investing in people brings rewards;
In the latest of our Business Charter series, Steve Ahearne explains why
community enterprises need national recognition.

BYLINE: Steve Ahearne

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1600 words


TWENTY acres of land under London's Westway is perhaps an unlikely home for a £1
million business with £20 million of assets, providing 750 local people with
jobs. But that is the story of North Kensington Amenity Trust.

Founded in 1971 with a council grant of £25,000, it is now a thriving
partnership between community groups, local businesses and the local authority.

It includes offices, shops, industrial units, an outdoor market, sports and
recreation facilities, charity offices, landscaped gardens, an adventure
playground, a training centre, and much more.

North Kensington Amenity Trust is an example of a 'community enterprise' - a
local business for local people, providing employment and opportunity.  There
are some 500 community enterprises around the UK employing 7500 people and with
an aggregate turnover of £90 million.

But these businesses have a problem. They find it difficult to attract
investment capital.

The problem is largely one of image. In a recession, investors are naturally
wary, especially in non-traditional sectors. So when community enterprises seek
capital funds for new commercial ventures they have more obstacles than most to
overcome.

And yet this new breed of organisation has the potential to improve drastically
the most run-down parts of our cities, towns and rural areas.  Community
enterprises can start to break a destructive cycle of dependency, promote
self-help and help create stability and confidence within a community.

Growth has not been as rapid as many would have hoped. Community enterprises
need national recognition to attract investment. Essential future growth
requires legislation to raise the profile of community enterprises.

The revival of local economies depends heavily on the development and
sustainment of entrepreneurial activities, together with the right financial
support mechanisms.

Tailored investment capital could create thriving businesses where there is a
double-edged benefit of economic regeneration and available resources to enable
individuals to become entrepreneurs in their own communities.

Evidence in the US suggests that reluctance by the major UK financial houses is
perhaps misplaced, if not short-sighted.

In America, where community-based development has a longer history, several
useful models have emerged which could be adapted for Britain. Community
Development Corporations, as they are called, enjoy a number of benefits not
shared by their UK counterparts.

A range of legislative measures have been introduced to provide sticks and
carrots for potential investors, including the Community Reinvestment Act of
1977.

Banks and other financial institutions are required to make loans in those areas
where it takes deposits, forcing lending to take place in low-income
communities. As a consequence $ 500 billion of new bank credit has flowed into
these areas.

Specialist intermediaries help bridge the finance gap. The Local Initiative
Support Corporation, or LISC, acts as a social investment banker.

Since its formation in 1979 it has attracted more than $ 460 million (£242
million) from more than 700 funders. The success of LISCs lies in sound
underwriting principles backed by organisational and technical support.

Originally coerced into such lending activity, US banks have discovered
community loans can actually be good business.

What does this tell us of the UK, where such legislation and organisation
infrastructure does not currently exist? It suggests that with the right
political and policy framework, the relatively youthful community enterprise
sector could progress to greater achievements.

Earlier this year the not-for-profit organisation Business in the

Community hosted a report-back conference on Investing in Community Enterprise
(ICE), a short-term initiative exploring ways of developing commercial finance
for the community enterprise sector in UK.

The project attracted the support of senior business leaders and financiers such
as Levi Strauss, Kleinwort Benson, the Bank of England and 3i, as well as public
sector and community representatives.

An interim report was published and the group has issued several key
recommendations for the Government and the commercial financial sector to show
how the funding gap can be filled in the UK. They include:

* The establishment of a 'community investment corporation' like the USA model,
to provide soft loans to community enterprises, backed up by technical and
organisational support using a mix of public and private sector finance.

* Greater support for local and regional networks to facilitate the sytematic
growth of the community enterprise sector.

* The formation of 'enabling legislation' which clearly recognises the community
enterprise sector for the benefit of public and private sector investors.

A creative approach can harness the potential by providing local support
networks, perhaps through the network of local enterprise agencies, and by the
creation of a partnership body to act as a bridge between the community
enterprise and financial services sector.

If it has been successful in the US why not here? The aim should not be to
create a structure which is paternalistic - the way forward is to develop a
community enterprise sector which is healthy and free-standing.

If we are serious about reviving our local economies, national recognition of
the range of small businesses which exist in this country and the provision of
an enabling framework is vital.

* Steve Ahearne is managing director and chief financial officer of BP.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Stopping the riots? Community enterprises can help to create stability
and confidence

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1992 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday

Gas firm helps farmer create business park

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 476 words


Gas giant Gassco has helped a farmer create a thriving new business park in
Holderness.

James Kirkwood, of M Kirkwood and Son, who have been pig farmers for more than
100 years, established Waxholme Trading Park.

After researching new business opportunities, James and his family decided to
change the use of their former pig-outhouses into business units and created the
park near Withernsea.

James approached the Langeled Rural Community Development Fund for support with
the electrical supply to the new units.

The electrical supply was installed thanks to £10,000 from the fund, which was
match-funded.

James said: "The support from the fund enabled us to convert our former
out-houses to industrial units.

"Diversification was a necessity for organisations such as ours a few years ago.

"The opportunity to do something completely different was made possible due to
support of this nature.

"I am very grateful to the Langeled partners for their money and to East Riding
Council for their sound business advice - without which it would have been
difficult to get our project off the ground."

Kjell Varlo Larsen, Gassco's information manager, and Arnulf Østensen, Gassco's
vice president and deputy CEO, visited the park last week.

This month Norwegian firm Gassco, the lead operator in the operational phase of
the Langeled project, topped up the fund with an additional £200,000 of grant
-aided funding from April.

The fund, started by Norwegian oil and energy company Hydro in partnership with
East RidingCouncil was launched in May 2005.

It has distributed more than £300,000 to projects across the area, supporting
initiatives such as rural bus schemes,  recycling campaigns and heritage
developments.

Mr Østensen said: "Gassco is keen to leave a positive and lasting impression in
the East Riding.

"The fund has been a successful project that has benefited a range of different
organisations across the region.

"I hope qualifying organisations will continue to take advantage of this
opportunity. I look forward to learning more about their projects at future
meetings."

Stuart Lister's company Verandland makes verandas and other accessories for the
caravan industry. It is one of the successful firms based at the trading park.

He said the move has been beneficial to the business and he expects Verandland
to grow over the coming months.

A panel, comprising representatives from Gassco and East Riding Council, will
consider applications for grants up to £10,000.

Typically, the fund will meet50 per cent of the project costs. However, all
applications must show they have made attempts to secure additional funding from
other sources. Applicants must meet a number of conditions.

For more information on the fund, call (01759) 306624 or e-mail
Langeled.Funds@eastriding.gov.uk

d.waite@hdmp.co.uk

Links

Verandland

www.veranda.co.uk

East Riding Council

www.eastriding.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

Survey suggests a quarter of Hutch teachers live outside city, mainly for rural
appeal

BYLINE: Ken Stephens, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 585 words


May 29--About a quarter the Hutchinson School District's teachers live outside
the city of Hutchinson, but it doesn't appear their reasons have much to do with
the quality or availability of housing in the city, according to the results of
a survey presented to the Hutchinson Housing Commission this week.

About half the district's teachers responded to the survey, Hutchinson School
Superintendent Shelly Kiblinger told the commission. Of those 283 respondents,
211 live in the city and 72 live elsewhere, though most are still within Reno
County, she said.

Of those who live outside the city, the largest block of 34, or 47.2 percent,
said they are members of farm families or simply prefer to live in a rural
setting. The next largest block, 21 people, or 29.2 percent, said their
residence is based on its proximity to their spouse's work.

Only 6, or 8.3 percent, cited the quality of housing available for purchase in
the city, and only 5, or 6.9 percent, cited the affordability of housing for
purchase as reasons for living out of town.

Two people cited better access to entertainment, dining or other amenities for
living out of town, and one each cited the quality and affordability of rental
housing.

Seventeen others cited different reasons, including living with other family
members, access to free child care and already owning a home elsewhere when they
took a job with the school district. One has children who go to the Buhler
schools. One said he or she looked for housing where the taxes and utilities
cost less than in Hutchinson.

"I expected more people to talk about the quality or cost of housing, because I
hear that a lot," Kiblinger said. "But it didn't come out in the survey."

City Council Member Jade Piros de Carvalho, who attended the meeting as an
observer, said she'd like to know where employees in other industries in
Hutchinson, such as Hutchinson Regional Medical Center, live and why. After some
discussion, commission chairman Greg Binns said the commission would approach
some of the city's largest employers to see whether they would cooperate with a
similar survey of their workers.

The Housing Commission also heard updates on a number of other initiatives and
programs, including a $400,000 Community Development Block Grant to fund
rehabilitation of houses along Avenue A between Walnut and K-61.

City staff currently is working on rules for administering the grant --
including how applications will be accepted and evaluated, how those who receive
grant money and how much will be determined, how contractors will be solicited
and hired and other details. That plan will go to the City Council for its
approval on June 17 and then to the state Department of Commerce by July 1.

Then city staff will begin accepting formal applications. Before submitting the
application for the grant more than a year ago, city staff received 48
"pre-applications" from residents along Avenue A who said they would be income
qualified and were interested in a rehabilitation grant.

In the formal application, they will have to provide information to verify that
they meet low- to moderate-income guidelines and the scope of work they want to
do on their house. Based on an average of about $20,000 per house, the grant
will pay for rehabilitating about 18 houses. If the average cost is less, it
will be possible to work on more houses.

___ (c)2014 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140529-VZ-Survey-suggests-a-quarter-of-Hutch-teachers-live-outside-city-mainly
-for-rural-appeal-0529-20140529

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Hutchinson News


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.

Eligible grant requests include:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Children, Community development, Food and hunger, Minorities,
Schools, Women, Youth

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: President's 2016 Budget Requests $233.5 Million for Treasury's CDFI
Fund

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Ministry Of Treasury, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Today, President Obama released the Administration's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
Budget proposal, which includes $233.5 million for the U.S. Treasury
Department's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). This
funding would extend the CDFI Fund's efforts to spur economic development and
job growth in underserved communities.

"The President's 2016 Budget calls for everyone to share in the prosperity of a
growing America, and it makes the critical investments needed to accelerate and
sustain economic growth in areas that need it the most," said CDFI Fund Director
Annie Donovan. "This request provides essential support to the important and
innovative work of Community Development Financial Institutions, and these
organizations have a proven track record of leveraging private sector
investments to attract businesses, jobs, and services to low-income urban and
rural communities across the country."

Highlights of the FY 2016 Budget request for the CDFI Fund include:

· $157.5 million for the Community Development Financial Institutions Program, a
$5 million increase from FY 2015;

· $35 million for the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, which is a $13 million
and 60 percent increase from FY2015; and

· $16 million for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program, a $1 million
increase from FY 2015.

The Budget proposes permanently extending the New Markets Tax Credit Program at
$5 billion per year and extending the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program through FY
2017. The remainder of the request is for funding for administration of the CDFI
Fund's overall programs, including the restoration of the Capital Magnet Fund,
which provides affordable housing grants funded from non-appropriated sources.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Washington: President's 2016 Budget Requests $233.5 Million for Treasury's CDFI
Fund

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Washington


Ministry Of Treasury, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Today, President Obama released the Administration's Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
Budget proposal, which includes $233.5 million for the U.S. Treasury
Department's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). This
funding would extend the CDFI Fund's efforts to spur economic development and
job growth in underserved communities.

"The President's 2016 Budget calls for everyone to share in the prosperity of a
growing America, and it makes the critical investments needed to accelerate and
sustain economic growth in areas that need it the most," said CDFI Fund Director
Annie Donovan. "This request provides essential support to the important and
innovative work of Community Development Financial Institutions, and these
organizations have a proven track record of leveraging private sector
investments to attract businesses, jobs, and services to low-income urban and
rural communities across the country."

Highlights of the FY 2016 Budget request for the CDFI Fund include:

· $157.5 million for the Community Development Financial Institutions Program, a
$5 million increase from FY 2015;

· $35 million for the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, which is a $13 million
and 60 percent increase from FY2015; and

· $16 million for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program, a $1 million
increase from FY 2015.

The Budget proposes permanently extending the New Markets Tax Credit Program at
$5 billion per year and extending the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program through FY
2017. The remainder of the request is for funding for administration of the CDFI
Fund's overall programs, including the restoration of the Capital Magnet Fund,
which provides affordable housing grants funded from non-appropriated sources.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday

Florida: City Of Madison Selected To Participate In The Department Of Economic
Opportunity's Competitive Florida Partnership

LENGTH: 852  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Department of Economic Opportunity, The state of Florida has issued the
following news release:

Today, the Florida Department of Economic Opportunity (DEO) announced that the
City of Madison has been selected to participate in the Competitive Florida
Partnership, a rural community development initiative. The Competitive Florida
Partnership focuses on improving local economic development activities,
particularly in the rural areas of our state. DEO will assist Madison in
creating strategic economic development plans that are tailored to the
community's unique assets.


"As Florida's economy continues its strong growth, we need to ensure that all
communities are well prepared to create economic prosperity. The Competitive
Florida Partnership helps rural communities capitalize on their strengths and
assets for economic and community development," said Jesse Panuccio, Executive
Director of the Florida Department of Economic Opportunity. "We look forward to
working with the City of Madison to explore the economic development
opportunities in the community, share best practices, and engage a robust
network of community and business leaders."


"We are excited to have the City of Madison partnering with the state through
the Competitive Florida Partnership to increase its economic and community
development efforts," said DEO's Division of Community Development Director
William B. Killingsworth. "The city's highly engaged community clearly shows a
passion for economic development and involvement in Competitive Florida."

Designated by VISIT FLORIDA as one of the "Best Little Towns in Florida," the
City of Madison boasts a variety of assets including natural, historic, and
cultural attractions. The city demonstrated a strong level of engagement through
25 letters of support for the Competitive Florida Partnership from local
business owners, elected officials, and the religious community, among others.
With more than 40 named stakeholders on the steering committee, the City of
Madison clearly indicated their commitment and enthusiasm for furthering
economic development in its community through Competitive Florida.


"Madison is looking forward to our participation in DEO's Competitive Florida
Partnership program. The guidance and support we will receive from DEO will help
us clarify our vision, re-focus on our major priorities, and develop working
partnerships with state agencies committed to sustainable economic development
in rural areas.  We value the assistance from DEO, and look forward to a
continuing partnership in the years ahead.  Our sincere thanks to everyone who
helped with the submission of the Competitive Florida Partnership grant, and for
selecting the City of Madison," said Mayor Ina Thompson, Town City of Madison.


"I applaud Governor Scott and the Department of Economic Opportunity for
selecting the City of Madison as a participant in this program. This is a great
opportunity for Madison to showcase its assets locally while building strategies
to grow the local economy and create jobs," stated Rep. Halsey Beshears.


Senator Bill Montford said, "I was happy to see that the Department of Economic
Opportunity chose the City of Madison for the Competitive Florida Partnership.
The distinct attributes of Madison will ensure its success, and this project
will give economic opportunities not only to the county but to the entire
region."


The Competitive Florida Partnership helps rural communities value and market
local assets and challenges them to set realistic goals for advancing their
economic development vision. The three currently participating communities, the
City of Defuniak Springs, Putnam County, and the City of Madison, will design
and develop innovative strategies that promote partnerships, community design,
and a viable local economy. Since the inception of the program in 2013, the City
of Port St. Joe, the City of Newberry, the City of White Springs, Desoto County,
the City of Webster, the City of Starke, the City of Chiefland, and Gadsden
County have participated in the program.


Asset-based economic development is a bottom-up approach that focuses on
developing and promoting existing local resources to strengthen the local
economy. This approach focuses on a rural community's tangible and intangible
assets combined with economic advantages and how these can be leveraged into
sustainable economic growth and prosperity. Assets in a community may include:
individuals and human capital; associations and voluntary networks; political
advocates; historical and cultural resources; natural landscapes (including
renewable and nonrenewable material resources); financial assets; the
transportation networks, communications facilities, utilities, public
facilities, and commercial buildings; and institutions such as schools,
hospitals, and government agencies. DEO will work with the selected rural
communities to identify and market these assets and facilitate promotional
opportunities to bring economic development to their community.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Derry Journal

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Delight as Council secured £6.1m EU Peace funding

LENGTH: 535  words


Derry & Strabane Council have confirmed the European Union has offered £6.1m of
funding for the local area under Peace IV.

The funding has been awarded despite the British government's plans to invoke
Article 50 in the coming weeks, triggering the formal process of leaving the EU.

The Council's Peace IV Partnership Board said they are delighted that the
funding has been secured.

Mayor Alderman Hilary McClintock said today: "This European Peace funding to
help build positive relations locally will make a significant difference on the
ground across our entire council area from rural areas, towns and villages and
in the city.

"Peace funding is strongly focused on reconciliation, challenging prejudice and
promoting understanding of diversity and good relations."

Gearóid Ó hEára, Chair of the Peace IV Partnership Board said: "Our programme,
which was developed in direct consultation with local communities, includes
grant aid opportunities for local community organisations and tendered
programmes with community and youth impact, as well as a number of council led
initiatives for children and young people, sports development, capital works,
community planning and community development."

The council's Peace IV team will be responsible for the delivery of a PEACE
Action Plan' focused on three key areas: Children & Young People; Shared Spaces
and Services and Building Positive Relations.

"The roll out of the programme on the ground will take a few months to get
going," Drew Thompson, co-chair of the Partnership Board, said.

"I would encourage interested organisations and individuals to sign up for Peace
IV e-bulletins by going onto the web page www.derrystrabane.com/Peace-IV where
there is also more detailed information on the programmes.

"Signing up for e-bulletins will ensure that you get information on
opportunities to tender or apply for grants or importantly, opportunities to
take part in events and programmes and project steering groups. The Board are
keen to see people and groups from all communities and identities benefitting
from this funding.

"The programme will run on the ground' roughly from June 2017 to December 2020,"
Sue Divin, Programme Manager for Peace IV added: "Projects will include
opportunities for youth to engage in employment, democracy, community and
citizenship programmes. There will also be a broad range of cultural, sports and
environmental programmes as well as specific programmes to develop shared spaces
in parks, interfaces and contested rural areas. Issues such as bonfires/
alternatives to bonfires; sectarianism, racism and dealing with the past are
tackled throughout the programme. All programmes are on a cross-community basis,
encouraging people to meet and develop friendships across identities and to
engage in a sustained way with diversity."

The Peace IV Programme is an EU funded programme designed to support peace and
reconciliation in Northern Ireland and the border region.

It is managed by the Special EU Programmes Body (SEUPB). Match-funding for this
element of the PEACE IV Programme has been provided by the Executive Office in
Northern Ireland and the Departments of Housing, Planning, Community and Local
Government in Ireland.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INJF


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                August 22, 2003

Grants Could Mean Jobs Boost For Lochaber

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 352 words


More jobs could be on the way to Lochaber - thanks to a £171,000 helping hand
from the local enterprise agency which will enable local businesses to develop
or expand.  It includes £75,400 to Ferguson Transport, of Spean Bridge, towards
the cost of specialist equipment, which could create or help retain six jobs.

Thomas Gibson, Weir of Fisher's Brook, Morar, has been granted £31,600 towards
the purchase of a fishing vessel, creating or retaining three jobs.

Other grants include: Foster Yeoman Ltd, of Kingairloch - £16,625 for a deer
larder and processing facilities; Tom and Gillian McClean of Tom McClean
Enterprise, Invermorar House, Morar - £12,800 for a mussel farm at Loch Nevis,
Mallaig.

Mark Rogers, Inverie, Knoydart - £14,700 for charter boat business; Kilchoan
House Hotel Property Partnership - £12,150 for improvements and purchase of
equipment.

Inverlochy Castle Ltd, Torlundy, Fort William - £7,170 to upgrade kitchen
equipment and washpot area; Ian D Shaw, Beinn Bhan, West Laroch, Ballachulish -
£6,761 for specialist trailer.

Business start-up grants: Mary Hay of Wicked Wax Works, Rowan Cottage, Newton of
Ardtoe, Acharacle - £2,290 for production of hand made candles; Derek Thomson,
Stalkers Bothy, Kinloch, Rum - £2,450 for deer management and stalking services.

Business advisory projects: Morvern Community Development Co - £2,900 towards
cost of feasibility study.

Tourism projects: Highland Council - £3,000 for feasibility study into Fort
William Outdoor Capital of the UK concept.

Other sectors: Corpach Boatbuilding Co Ltd, Corpach - £3,300 for feasibility
study into construction of third slipway; Hebridean Whale and Dolphin Trust,
Tobermory - £1,350 for Ardnamurchan Point sightings and educational project;
Voluntary Action Lochaber - £16,536 for appointment of Initiative at the Edge
project officer; Lochaber Music School - £12,200 for production of business
plan; Feis Nan Chriochan Grianan - £2,230 to buy instruments; Lochaber Rural
Education Trust, Torlundy - £9,500 for administrator-facilitator for phase two
development.


LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2003 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose

These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility

Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where the Kroger
Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only to
programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so with
clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong base
of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding

Amount not specified
Application
process

Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions of the
company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on the
management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Christina Clark
Phone: 202.401.5399
Email: Christina.Clark@ACF.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $2,800,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 6
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Christina Clark
Phone: 202.401.5399
Email: Christina.Clark@ACF.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $2,800,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 6
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Christina Clark
Phone: 202.401.5399
Email: Christina.Clark@ACF.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $2,800,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 6
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Christina Clark
Phone: 202.401.5399
Email: Christina.Clark@ACF.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $2,800,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 6
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Christina Clark
Phone: 202.401.5399
Email: Christina.Clark@ACF.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $2,800,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 6
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jul 15, 2013
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Christina Clark
Phone: 202.401.5399
Email: Christina.Clark@ACF.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $2,800,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 6
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2007 Thursday

West Point, region to benefit from $15 million grant

BYLINE: Carlie Kollath, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


Jul. 12--WEST POINT -- East Mississippi Community College on Tuesday rolled out
a $15 million initiative to community leaders, with the hopes of transforming
the regional economy within three years.

The funds are from the U.S. Department of Labor and are part of 13 Workforce
Innovation in Regional Economic Development initiatives that were awarded Feb.
22, 2006. The money will be used in 37 counties in East Mississippi and West
Alabama. According to the Western Alabama / Eastern Mississippi Regional
Initiative team, the region includes more than 100 communities and about 1
million residents.

The money will be split by eight community colleges, the Mississippi Development
Authority and The Montgomery Institute, according to Bill Scaggs, president of
the institute. The institute is contracted as the operator of the region's
initiative.

EMCC was the first to introduce the initiative to the involved communities,
drawing about 70 leaders from West Point and Clay County.

During the rollout, which also doubled as a board meeting for The West Point /
Clay County Community Growth Alliance, it became evident very quickly that the
area will rely heavily upon small business development and entrepreneurship to
make a positive impact.

Raj Shaunak, vice president of work force and community services at EMCC, said
this is part of West Point's strategy for not putting all its eggs in one
basket. The strategy for the community's development is to diversify its economy
so when a company closes up shop, like what Sara Lee did March 31 leaving 1,200
people without jobs, it won't hurt as bad.

The WAEM Enterprise Ready Opportunity Ready report that was presented at the
meeting is geared at moving West Point and Clay County toward a robust economy.

The report, funded by the grant and presented by Don Macke of the Center for
Rural Entrepreneurship, identified many strengths, including the work force,
location and quality of life in the region. Macke noted that a challenge will be
attracting people, which will in turn attract entrepreneurs and thus will create
jobs.

It's a new way of thinking. Macke said communities normally focus first on
creating jobs, but in West Point leaders should focus on creating the kind of
economy that attracts people and thus stimulating the population growth.

To make that happen, Macke outlined four steps to success.

--Civic entrepreneurs, such as elected officials, need to buy into the idea that
quality of life is the most important asset in building the community and
furthering economic development.

--The community needs to have an interesting mix of local and chain amenity
entrepreneurs, small businesses in the retail and service industry, that will
can help trap money and keep it in the local economy. They also contribute to
the quality of life.

--Leaders need to look at the growth entrepreneurs, the homegrown businesses
that have succeeded, and figure out how to help them. Macke said the growth
entrepreneurs provide the best short-term relief for providing jobs to
out-of-work residents.

--The community needs to figure out who the entrepreneurs are, what they want
and how to attract them.

The next step for the initiative is to be rolled out publicly, an event which is
scheduled for Aug. 2 at The Growth Alliance's annual meeting.

To see more of Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070712-TP-ECON-DVLP-GRANT-20070712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2007 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail Times

                           September 10, 2012 Monday

HORSHAM Rural City Council is a step closer to comple

BYLINE: CARLY WERNER

SECTION: DISPLAY; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 296 words


HORSHAM Rural City Council is a step closer to completing a five-year sport and
recreation strategy after selecting a contractor for the project.

Council has awarded the contract for the 2013-18 strategy to SGL Consulting
Group of St Kilda for $42,650, with work due to begin next month.

The strategy will identify priority projects for council to support during the
period.

It will also look at Horsham's role as a regional sport and recreation centre
and analyse existing sport and recreation needs and service delivery.

Council secured a $30,000-planning grant from the Department of Planning and
Community Development for the strategy and will also contribute $19,000 to the
project.

Councillor Lindy Muller said it was a fantastic initiative.

"It has taken four years but we have got there," she said.

"We can move forward into a new council with a new strategy that will inform us
as a council, and the community can come along with us as we identify what is
needed."

Cr Mark Radford encouraged every sporting club to take part in the strategy when
the opportunity came along.

"This strategy is so important, but it really needs all clubs to be involved. I
hope that is the case," he said.

Sport and Recreation Committee chairman Ian Penny said the strategy would guide
the direction and development of sport and recreation facilities, services and
programs into the future.

"Sport and recreation is a key ingredient to community life across our
municipality," he said.

"It provides an opportunity for all people to be physically active and
strengthens connections with others in the community."

Council and the consultants will seek community support to develop the strategy
and sporting and recreational stakeholders will also be given the opportunity to
provide feedback and ideas.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 30, 2014 Friday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jun 10, 2014
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Carmelia Strickland
Phone: 877.922.9262
Email: anacomments@acf.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $1,600,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 8
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jun 10, 2014
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Carmelia Strickland
Phone: 877.922.9262
Email: anacomments@acf.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $1,600,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 8
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jun 10, 2014
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Carmelia Strickland
Phone: 877.922.9262
Email: anacomments@acf.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $1,600,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 8
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jun 10, 2014
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Carmelia Strickland
Phone: 877.922.9262
Email: anacomments@acf.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $1,600,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 8
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jun 10, 2014
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Carmelia Strickland
Phone: 877.922.9262
Email: anacomments@acf.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $1,600,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 8
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Native Asset Building Initiative

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Administration for Native Americans
Deadlines  Jun 10, 2014
Contact

Program Office Contact:
Carmelia Strickland
Phone: 877.922.9262
Email: anacomments@acf.hhs.gov

Office of Grants Management Contact:
Tim Chappelle
Phone: 202.401.4855
Email: tim.chappelle@acf.hhs.gov
Purpose

Native Asset Building Initiative grants will provide funding to establish and
operate programs that provide an array of supports and services to enable low
income individuals and families to become economically self-sufficient.

Each project requires that eligible participants are given access to matched
savings accounts, called Individual Development Accounts (IDA), in which
participants save earned income for the purchase of a home, for business
capitalization, or to attend higher education or training. Participants are also
given access to other supportive services that enable them to become more
financially secure.
Eligibility

Applications will be accepted from:

Native 501(c)(3) nonprofits serving Native Americans
    Native nonprofit organizations designated by the Secretary of the Treasury
as Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) that demonstrate a
collaborative relationship with a local community-based organization whose
activities are designed to address poverty and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability
    Federally recognized tribal governments and Alaska Native Villages that are
joint applicants with a 501(c)(3) Native nonprofit organization
    Native nonprofit credit unions designated as low-income credit unions by the
National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) that can demonstrate a collaborative
relationship with a local community-based organizations whose activities are
designed to address poverty in the community and the needs of community members
for economic independence and stability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Grantees awarded under this joint funding opportunity will implement one project
funded by two ACF program offices, OCS and ANA. As each program office will fund
a portion of the project, grantees will receive one award from OCS and one award
from ANA to fund the project. OCS and ANA will collaborate on funding decisions,
so all funded grantees will receive an award from each program office. No
grantee will receive only OCS funding or only ANA funding.

Grantees must provide at least 50 percent of the total approved cost of the AFI
budget. Grantees must provide at least 20 percent of the total approved cost of
the SEDS budget.

Total Funding Available: $1,600,000
Award Ceiling: $125,000,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Number of Awards: Approximately 8
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Personal
finance

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        CityBusiness North Shore Report

                             June 1, 2005 Wednesday

Ponchatoula studies ways to manage future development

BYLINE: Deon Roberts

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 916 words


Ponchatoula is mapping its future, with help from the University of New Orleans.

A recreational vehicle park, more downtown business, traffic improvements, a
senior citizens center and annexation are some of the ideas Ponchatoula has
tossed around in its ongoing city planning efforts.

The city is taking advantage of a U.S. Department of Agriculture grant program
the state offers that gives small, cash-strapped communities economic
development assistance.

The state used the funding to hire UNO to help eight Louisiana communities
create an economic development plan.

"We could have gone somewhere and gotten training," said Sharon Dyer, a
paralegal Ponchatoula hired as its special project coordinator. Instead, the
city opted for the state program, which helps small towns jump start their
economy without the expense and time involved in hiring trained experts, she
said.

The program links officials who have economic development expertise with
communities that otherwise could not afford professional help, said Ivan J.
Miestchovich Jr., director and associate professor of finance at UNO's Center
for Economic Development.

In fiscal year 2005, Congress appropriated approximately $6 million for the
Rural Community Development Initiative. In 2004, the Louisiana Division of
Administration received $95,336 in RCDI funding, according to the USDA.

UNO received about $92,000 from the Louisiana Office of Community Development to
help eight communities in 2005 and 2006, Miestchovich said. This is the second
year UNO has been under contract with the state for the program.

A program to help small rural communities plan for economic growth is needed,
"because nobody else is going to do it for them," Miestchovich said.

Ponchatoula has been involved in the project since March 4, Dyer said. The city
has identified priorities and is working on a written economic development plan,
which the state requires as part of the program, she said. Although the state
gives a community three years to produce this written plan, Ponchatoula hopes to
have its plan ready by September 2006, she said.

About 50 community members are volunteering with the project, Dyer said.
Committees have formed to hash out different aspects of the planning process.
The committees focus on economic diversification; retail development and
redevelopment; and comprehensive growth, Dyer said. A senior citizen center
subcommittee also formed, she said.

Through the planning process, officials are considering more recreational
activities for Ponchatoula, she said. A bike route and water activities such as
swamp tours are possibilities, she said.

The city is considering an RV park with pads for 50 to 75 RVs, but a location
has not been identified, she said.

The city is also considering another phase of its industrial park on the south
side of town, she said.

"The current industrial park is full, and the retail development committee is
very interested in either expanding in that area or finding a new location for
another industrial park for the city," she said. "Nothing has been determined at
this point, but research is under way by that committee to examine both
options."

Ponchatoula is caught in the middle of growth coming from Covington to the east
and Baton Rouge to the west, so officials say now is the time for Ponchatoula to
plan its future.

"Ponchatoula sees the westward movement of St. Tammany Parish into Tangipahoa
Parish. It's basically like a freight train heading their way," Miestchovich
said.

U.S. Census estimates show Ponchatoula's population has grown in recent years,
following a dip in the 1990s. From 1990 to 2000, the city's population shrunk
4.7 percent from 5,425 residents to 5,180. But in a 2003 population estimate,
the Census put Ponchatoula's population at 5,450, a growth of 5.2 percent from
2000. Ponchatoula Mayor Robert Zabbia said the city's population is less than
5,700.

Zabbia said a shortage of developable land restricts growth in Ponchatoula. But
just outside the city in Tangipahoa's unincorporated areas, it's a different
story, he said.

In unincorporated areas east and west of the city, the pace of growth is strong,
which has the city considering annexation, Zabbia said. The challenge with
annexation, he said, is finding something to offer residents who already have
water and sewerage services.

"It is a little bit stifling when you don't have a lot to offer a resident," he
said.

Zabbia said Ponchatoula also needs a master plan for traffic, especially due to
the recent bout of railroad crossing deaths.

Rounding up funding to bring all of these projects to life presents another
challenge, Zabbia said.

"The ultimate goal is to establish some strategies that we feel are achievable
for Ponchatoula and our area and be able to research funding for those
strategies and have them implemented," he said.

Miestchovich said the Louisiana Office of Community Development provides a
one-day workshop on grant writing and how to access local and federal funds. The
office also trains communities to use the community development office's
database of available grants, he said.

Dyer says the city shouldn't wait any longer to plan.

"We believe that Ponchatoula is in a critical timeframe, and what we do now will
decide how our city looks 10 years from now," Dyer said. "We love it, we love
living here and we want to feel the same way 10 years down the line. This
project is a vehicle that will get us there."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce $3 Million in ARC Grants for West
Virginia

LENGTH: 750 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced that four West Virginia projects will receive a total of $3 million
from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) for infrastructure, health and
economic development improvements.



 The Logan County Public Service District's Phase III-B1 Wastewater project will
receive $1,500,000; the Town of Union's Water System Improvements project will
receive $1,000,000; the West Virginia Development Office's West Virginia
Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program will receive $100,000; and the
Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will receive
$400,000 for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control and Translation
Project.



 &ldquo;By investing in water infrastructure improvements, economic development,
and health education and prevention programs, we are enhancing the quality of
life for so many West Virginians and helping to revitalize our
communities,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;This funding will provide
underserved communities with access to the resources necessary to keep West
Virginians safe and healthy and create new economic opportunities.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;This funding gives a needed boost to struggling West Virginia
communities,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;By improving local water and
sewer programs, investing in economic development initiatives and supporting
diabetes education and prevention, these programs will help improve the quality
of life in some of our most rural communities and pave the way for economic
growth.&rdquo;



 Program Details:



 &bull;        The Logan County Public Service District will receive $1,500,000
from ARC for the Phase III-B1 Wastewater project, which will provide sewer
service to 116 households and 15 businesses in Lower Island Creek Road, Cherry
Tree, Whites Addition, Yuma Camp and surrounding areas. The businesses and
residents of the project area do not currently have access to a public
wastewater system. This project will help provide safe and reliable sewer
service and attract future investments in the region. In addition to ARC
funding, other federal sources will provide $836,000, and local sources will
provide $2,230,000, bringing the total project funding to $4,566,000.



 &bull;        The Town of Union will receive $1,000,000 from ARC for the Union
Water System Improvements project. This project will significantly contribute to
the region's community and economic development goals by increasing the town's
water storage, enhancing reliability, providing the foundation for future water
line extensions to unserved communities and enabling a local manufacturing
company to expand production and create new jobs. In addition to ARC funding,
other federal sources will provide $1,023,000 and local sources will provide
$507,000, bringing the total project funding to $2,530,000.



 &bull;        The West Virginia Development Office will receive $100,000 from
ARC for the West Virginia Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program.
This program will provide mini-grants for up to $10,000 per project to fund
small-scale, non-construction community development projects. The program is
targeted to serve the state's eight distressed counties, 17 at-risk counties and
selected transitional counties. Highest priority will be given to projects
associated with WV Blueprint Communities and the Turn This Town Around
Initiative. In addition to ARC funding, the Claude Worthington Benedum
Foundation will provide $75,000 and local sources will provide $17,300, bringing
the total project funding to $192,300.



 &bull;        The Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University
will receive $400,000 from ARC for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes
Control and Translation Project, which helps address diabetes in distressed
areas throughout Appalachia. Since 2002, ARC and the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention (CDC) have sponsored Marshall's efforts to support local
coalitions focused on diabetes education and prevention for thousands of people
each year. This funding will provide additional training and technical
assistance, and support continued grant assistance for the strongest coalitions.
This ARC grant of $400,000 includes $200,000 in transferred CDC funds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Manchin and Capito Announce $3 Million in ARC Grants for West
Virginia

LENGTH: 750 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Joe Manchin has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV) today
announced that four West Virginia projects will receive a total of $3 million
from the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) for infrastructure, health and
economic development improvements.



 The Logan County Public Service District's Phase III-B1 Wastewater project will
receive $1,500,000; the Town of Union's Water System Improvements project will
receive $1,000,000; the West Virginia Development Office's West Virginia
Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program will receive $100,000; and the
Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University will receive
$400,000 for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes Control and Translation
Project.



 &ldquo;By investing in water infrastructure improvements, economic development,
and health education and prevention programs, we are enhancing the quality of
life for so many West Virginians and helping to revitalize our
communities,&rdquo; Senator Manchin said. &ldquo;This funding will provide
underserved communities with access to the resources necessary to keep West
Virginians safe and healthy and create new economic opportunities.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;This funding gives a needed boost to struggling West Virginia
communities,&rdquo; said Senator Capito. &ldquo;By improving local water and
sewer programs, investing in economic development initiatives and supporting
diabetes education and prevention, these programs will help improve the quality
of life in some of our most rural communities and pave the way for economic
growth.&rdquo;



 Program Details:



 &bull;        The Logan County Public Service District will receive $1,500,000
from ARC for the Phase III-B1 Wastewater project, which will provide sewer
service to 116 households and 15 businesses in Lower Island Creek Road, Cherry
Tree, Whites Addition, Yuma Camp and surrounding areas. The businesses and
residents of the project area do not currently have access to a public
wastewater system. This project will help provide safe and reliable sewer
service and attract future investments in the region. In addition to ARC
funding, other federal sources will provide $836,000, and local sources will
provide $2,230,000, bringing the total project funding to $4,566,000.



 &bull;        The Town of Union will receive $1,000,000 from ARC for the Union
Water System Improvements project. This project will significantly contribute to
the region's community and economic development goals by increasing the town's
water storage, enhancing reliability, providing the foundation for future water
line extensions to unserved communities and enabling a local manufacturing
company to expand production and create new jobs. In addition to ARC funding,
other federal sources will provide $1,023,000 and local sources will provide
$507,000, bringing the total project funding to $2,530,000.



 &bull;        The West Virginia Development Office will receive $100,000 from
ARC for the West Virginia Enhanced Distressed Counties Flex-E-Grant Program.
This program will provide mini-grants for up to $10,000 per project to fund
small-scale, non-construction community development projects. The program is
targeted to serve the state's eight distressed counties, 17 at-risk counties and
selected transitional counties. Highest priority will be given to projects
associated with WV Blueprint Communities and the Turn This Town Around
Initiative. In addition to ARC funding, the Claude Worthington Benedum
Foundation will provide $75,000 and local sources will provide $17,300, bringing
the total project funding to $192,300.



 &bull;        The Robert C. Byrd Center for Rural Health at Marshall University
will receive $400,000 from ARC for continuation of the Appalachian Diabetes
Control and Translation Project, which helps address diabetes in distressed
areas throughout Appalachia. Since 2002, ARC and the Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention (CDC) have sponsored Marshall's efforts to support local
coalitions focused on diabetes education and prevention for thousands of people
each year. This funding will provide additional training and technical
assistance, and support continued grant assistance for the strongest coalitions.
This ARC grant of $400,000 includes $200,000 in transferred CDC funds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Item (Shamokin, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Rhoades: Razing numerous blighted properties main goal

BYLINE: Eric Scicchitano, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 641 words


Oct. 26--SHAMOKIN -- R. Craig Rhoades has served on city council the past 20
years and next month, he's asking voters to elect him to a sixth consecutive
term.

If re-elected, Rhoades said rehabilitating or flat out demolishing blighted
properties would be his main goal. However, he admitted obtaining funding for
such an initiative wouldn't be easy.

"That's always the issue," he said when asked how the city could pay for a
project he proposed -- razing an entire city block.

Rhoades, 59, is a self-employed contractor for 41 years with R.C. Rhoades
Contracting and currently heads council's Department of Parks and Public
Buildings.

With Shamokin barely skating by financially and its real estate tax rate maxed
out, he suggested pursuing grant funding and relying on state agencies and state
legislators to provide funding. Council already sets aside a portion of
Community Development Block Grant funding yearly for dealing with blighted
properties and Rhoades suggested that money could be banked for a number of
years to go toward a large demolition project.

The city is constricted as far as open space real estate goes. Many people have
preferred over the years to move away from the city, either to more rural
communities or out of the area altogether, he said.

He said targeting blighted properties and razing large areas would provide some
real estate on which residential housing could be built.

"It's hard to convince a young couple to want to move into a half-double in
Shamokin," he said

"It sounds a little off the wall but I do think this might be the only way to
interest people to live in the city limits, having space to build."

Rhoades spoke of the city's troubles in collecting delinquent taxes and said
Shamokin's budget and departmental spending must be watched closely.

Emergency spending can occur at the drop of a hat, as it did with the flooding
in September, and costs in maintaining well worn equipment can be taxing, he
said.

"We're probably better off than we were a year or so ago, but it's not a rosy
picture. There's no sense kidding ourselves," he said.

As for cutting expenses, there may be no room. The city is bare bones, he said,
noting the street department is at a minimum staffing.

He voted against relocating the treasurer's office from City Hall to a vacant
building next door -- a move that was approved 3-1 last month.

"We're looking at ways of saving revenue. I just did not feel we needed to open
that building and add to our expenses. It's that simple."

Rhoades said he was pleased to have the recreation tax on the rolls, which
covers the yearly deficit at Lawton W. Shroyer Memorial Swimming Pool and helps
cover costs at the American Legion building and city playgrounds.

On a brighter note, he said he's hopeful a splash pad can be installed as early
as next summer at the pool where the city skate park is located. That skate park
is being closed due to vandalism. Rhoades said the splash pad is cheaper to
operate and much cheaper to insure versus the children's wading pool currently
on site.

Rhoades said the rate hike approved by Shamokin-Coal Township Joint Sewer
Authority was basically out of their hands as they are obligated to follow a
federal mandate to separate storm and sewer water regardless of the costs.

Rhoades said he has a good working relationship with Democrat Bill Milbrand, who
is seeking one of two seats on council. As for their Republican opponent Betsy
Richardson, their working relationship seems anything but good.

"I think it would move the community backwards very quickly," he said of
Richardson's possible being elected. "This opinion is based on me working with
her in the past, and I have seen nothing but stagnation with her involved."

___ (c)2011 The News-Item (Shamokin, Pa.) Visit The News-Item (Shamokin, Pa.) at
www.newsitem.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111026-IZ-Rhoades-Razing-numerous-blighted-properties-main-goal-1026-20111026

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IZ


                          Copyright 2011 The News-Item


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Arizona: President's 2016 Budget Requests $233.5 Million for Treasury's CDFI
Fund

LENGTH: 339  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Funds Would Extend the CDFI Fund's Economic Development Efforts in Underserved
Communities

WASHINGTON - Today, President Obama released the Administration's Fiscal Year
(FY) 2016 Budget proposal, which includes $233.5 million for the U.S. Treasury
Department's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund). This
funding would extend the CDFI Fund's efforts to spur economic development and
job growth in underserved communities.

"The President's 2016 Budget calls for everyone to share in the prosperity of a
growing America, and it makes the critical investments needed to accelerate and
sustain economic growth in areas that need it the most," said CDFI Fund Director
Annie Donovan.  "This request provides essential support to the important and
innovative work of Community Development Financial Institutions, and these
organizations have a proven track record of leveraging private sector
investments to attract businesses, jobs, and services to low-income urban and
rural communities across the country."

Highlights of the FY 2016 Budget request for the CDFI Fund include:

·         $157.5 million for the Community Development Financial Institutions
Program, a $5 million increase from FY 2015;

·         $35 million for the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, which is a $13
million and 60 percent increase from FY2015; and

·         $16 million for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program, a $1
million increase from FY 2015.

The Budget proposes permanently extending the New Markets Tax Credit Program at
$5 billion per year and extending the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program through FY
2017.  The remainder of the request is for funding for administration of the
CDFI Fund's overall programs, including the restoration of the Capital Magnet
Fund, which provides affordable housing grants funded from non-appropriated
sources.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture Awards $8.6
Million in Community Food Projects

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced details on investments of $8,640,000 in 33
projects to foster self-sustaining solutions that help make healthy foods
available to families living in low-income neighborhoods. Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack announced the grants yesterday at the New York Times Food for
Tomorrow Conference in Pocantico Hills, N.Y. The grants are funded through
NIFA's Community Food Projects Competitive Grant Program (CFP).





 "Since 1996, the Community Food Projects program has empowered people in
low-income communities to become more self-reliant in getting healthy,
nutritious food," said NIFA Director Sonny Ramaswamy. Recent USDA data indicates
that we are making tremendous headway in battling hunger and food insecurity
across America. With programs such as this we are able promote efforts to
decrease food insecurity through healthy diets and nutrition education."



 The USDA report, Household Food Security in the United States, documents the
continued decline in the estimated percentage of U.S. households that were food
insecure in 2015 to 12.7 percent from a high of 14.9 percent in 2011.



 The primary goals of Community Food Projects include meeting the food needs of
low-income individuals; promoting comprehensive responses to local food access,
farm and nutrition issues, and addressing state, local and neighborhood food and
agricultural needs such as infrastructure, long-term planning, and marketing
that benefits agricultural producers and low-income consumers.



 The 2016 awards include:





     Fairbanks Native Association, Fairbanks, Alaska, $104,754

     Fresno Metropolitan Ministry, Fresno, Calif., $299,810

     Hart Community Homes, Inc., Fullerton, Calif., $400,000

     Huerta del Valle - Ontario, Calif., $400,000

     Food Bank Coalition of San Luis Obispo County, Paso Robles, Calif.,
$399,815

     Planting Justice, Oakland, Calif., $364,800

     Mandela Marketplace, Inc. - Oakland, Calif., $248,460

     Farmworker Association of Florida, Inc. - Apopka, Fla., $250,000

     Global Growers Network, Inc., Avondale Estates, Ga., $26,504

     Kona Pacific Public Charter School - Kealakekua, Hawaii., $270,277

     Kansas City Good Food Hub, Inc. - Bronson, Kan., $124,892

     Berea College - Berea, Ky., $375,000

     Somali Bantu Community Lewistown of Maine - Lewiston, Maine., $394,851

     Crossroads Community Food Network, Inc., Takoma Park, Md., $298,209

     Third Sector New England, Inc., Boston, Mass., $499,697

     Mill City Grows, Inc. - Lowell, Mass., $400,000

     Community enCompass DBA Bethany Housing Ministries, Muskegon, Mich.,
$35,000

     Youthprise - Minneapolis, Minn., $400,000

     Youth Farm and Market Project - Minneapolis, Minn., $301,766

     The Food Group Minnesota, New Hope, Minn., $349,221

     HoChunk Community Development Corporation, Winnebago, Neb., $34,019

     Isles, Inc., Trenton, N.J., $34,821

     Presbyterian Healthcare Services - Albuquerque, N.M., $400,000

     Lantern Community Services, Inc., New York, N.Y., $35,000

     Foodlink, Inc. - Rochester, N.Y., $125,000

     United Way of Metropolitan Dallas, Manson, N.C. $328,223

     Franklinton Gardens - Columbus, Ohio., $135,010

     Trumbell Neighborhood Partnership, Warren, Ohio, $31,551

     Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma - Durant, Okla., $399,864

     ACCESS - Medford, Ore., $375,000

     Fayette County Community Action - Uniontown, Pa., $297,730

     Rural Resources, Inc., Greeneville, Tenn., $374,976

     Port Gamble S'Klallam Tribe - Kingston, Wash., $125,750



 More information on these awards can be found on the NIFA website.



 Among the funded projects, Franklinton Gardens, a non-profit urban farm in
Columbus, Ohio, received $135,010 to collaborate with low-income urban community
members to develop a neighborhood Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) program,
educational programming and promotional and marketing activities. Rural
Resources, Inc. in Greeneville, Tenn., received a $374,976 grant to educate 110
food insecure teens in both healthy lifestyle and entrepreneurship skills
through activities including gardening, food preparation and preservation, farm
business training and farmers market demonstrations.



 Community Food Projects are an important part of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know
Your Food initiative, which works to strengthen and support local and regional
food systems. More information on the initiative, including an interactive map
of CFP and other federally-supported local food projects, can be found at
www.usda.gov/knowyourfarmer.



 NIFA invests in and advances innovative and transformative research, education
and extension to solve societal challenges and ensure the long-term viability of
agriculture. NIFA support for the best and brightest scientists and extension
personnel has resulted in user-inspired, groundbreaking discoveries that are
combating childhood obesity, improving and sustaining rural economic growth,
addressing water availability issues, increasing food production, finding new
sources of energy, mitigating climate variability, and ensuring food safety.



 USDA has significantly expanded its efforts to improve access to safe, healthy
food for all Americans and supporting the health of our next generation.
Additional information about this work can be found on USDA's Medium chapter,
Growing a Healthier Future (link is external).



 USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) Initiative coordinates the
Department's work to develop strong local and regional food systems. USDA has
invested over $1 billion in more than 40,000 local food businesses and
infrastructure projects. See more details by state on the KYF2 Compass.
Additional information about USDA work to support local and regional food
systems, including by increasing SNAP access at farmers markets, can be found
online at New Markets, New Opportunities (link is external).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Is Great Barrington's farm-to-table idea field of dreams?

BYLINE: By John Sakata, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


GREAT BARRINGTON -- There's an ambitious plan to transform the recently
purchased Great Barrington Fairgrounds into a model for farm-to-table
initiatives, but the aspirations will be tested by financial realities.

Fairgrounds Realty LLC, consisting of Bart and Janet Elsbach of Sheffield,
purchased the 57-acre site in December for $800,000.

Located along Route 7 near the town's south entrance, Bart Elsbach said he and
others have had daily conversations to get the ball rolling on a grand vision
that would put the property to agricultural use. There would also be
recreational and educational projects, which could include a dog park, kids'
camps and other projects.

But these ambitious plans have a price tag: $1.5 million.

"This endeavor represents so much bang for the buck," Bart Elsbach said. "There
is so much positive influence that will come from this taking shape and taking
off for a relatively small investment."

The couple and the all-volunteer nonprofit Fairgrounds Community Development
Project are both on board with the $1.5 million plan that would cover a
hand-over of the property and development. The couple plans on selling the land
to the nonprofit once it raises enough funds. Multiple committees have been
formed to designate uses for the land that would not overlap with what other
nonprofits are doing, Elsbach said.

Elsbach envisioned the property transforming into a head-turning sight for
drivers going along Route 7 that will be used for farming, an arboretum that
grows indigenous and fruit-bearing trees, and other activities.

Elsbach has heard words of enthusiastic support from legislators and community
stockholders, but what the project really needs is funding from public or
private sources or grants.

"I feel like every quarter we have been met with an enthusiastic response, and I
feel that's because different aspects are so timely people are recognizing more
that communities in general are better off moving in a locally oriented
direction," Elsbach said.

He said the acquisition was appropriately timed to explore farm-to-table food
initiatives and other community-minded agricultural projects.

"I think we are ahead of the curve," he added.

Local school districts have been solicited about farm-to-school food initiatives
. State Sen. Benjamin Downing and state Rep. William 'Smitty' Pignatelli have
both been told about the project, Elsbach said.

Great Barrington town officials have been also been solicited. Selectmen Vice
Chairwoman Deborah Phillips described the Great Barrington Fairgrounds as a
strategically located property with a "long positive history for Great
Barrington."

"It's an amazing property for its ecological potential, and developing it as a
community asset would be great for Great Barrington," Phillips said.

Phillips and other town officials are supportive of the project, she said, but
there's no funding available from the town at this time.

Besides fundraising, there are other ways the community can support the project.

On April 27, Arbor Day, there will be a cleanup of the fairgrounds from 1:30
p.m. to 4 p.m. Elsbach said he's already begun spending time getting ride of
invasive species.

Nancy Kalodner, of Monterey, who serves on the Fairgrounds Community Development
Project board, said it's a worthwhile challenge to pursue.

"Isn't it often true that the greatest challenges are the ones that give the
biggest benefits in the end?" she said.

Elsbach said there's buy-in to make this vision a reality.

"For the Earth to make a diamond, it takes hundreds of thousand of years. So for
us to make it a gem, this might go on for 10 years," he said.

To reach John Sakata:
jsakata@berkshireeagle.com ,
or (413) 496-6240.
On Twitter: @jsakata

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Barrington Fair Grounds in Great Barrington. Thurs Jan 11, 2013
(ZOLLSHAN)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Jones County News (Gray, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 11, 2010

Committee seek applications to look into housing needs in Jones County

BYLINE: The Jones County News staff

LENGTH: 874  words


Gray/Jones County housing committee members continue their effort to find where
to begin to improve housing and are reaching out to the community for help.

Middle Georgia Regional Commission Government Services Specialist/Public
Information Officer Nick Kouloungis met with the group Nov. 1 to discuss their
presentation to Mt. Horab church this week. The meeting is to enlist
applications for a Community Development Block Grant for housing in Gray and
Kouloungis said it is important for him and committee members to be on the same
page. The specialist chose his words carefully in an attempt to temper their
expectations without curbing their enthusiasm for the project.

"We are talking about a competitive process and we cannot guarantee funding," he
said. "Our most important message is that we are doing all we can to help. We
need to be supportive of the applications and provide information."

Kouloungis said funding of the project could be problematic because of the
demographics of Jones County and Gray. He said commit tee members would be
better served to consider the CDBG applications as a survey to tell them the
needs of the applicants.

"These grants are for low income and the most economic deprived populations and
they are going to get the most points in the approval process. Jones County has
medium to upper income levels," he said.

Kouloungis gave the city of Allentown as an example. He said the city has been
trying for the same grant for five years and the reason they are not approved is
not because they do not have a good project but because of their demographics.

The specialist said the challenge of the demographics can be overcome by
designing a program that will have solid impact for the entire community. He
said if a grant can help a city turn the corner for revitalization, that would
make a difference.

"It's not just about the grant but what the community is prepared to do to
improve housing. We need to show that the grant is a small part of a larger
effort. That is where GICH and all the other efforts come into play," Kouloungis
said.

The specialist emphasized that the best housing program for the community needs
to be designed first and then the funding found to fit the program. He said the
program needs to be sustainable as well.

"The issues of poverty is not just about housing but other issues such as
transportation. The goal is to help people who want to better themselves and
have a better life," Kouloungis said.

Committee member John Childs said the committee needs to look at the overall
picture.

"We were focusing oh the grant but what you are saying is that the grant should
be part of a bigger plan," he commented.

Kouloungis said the plan has to be a comprehensive and affective project and has
to be proven in the grant application.

"My approach is always to design a program that proves to the state you are
going to make it work," he said.

Kouloungis said the best grant makes it appear to the state that the project is
going to be done whether or not it is funded.

"The state wants to be on board in that kind of effort," he said.

Gray/Jones County was designated a Georgia Initiative for Community Housing
community in 2009. GICH is a collaborative initiative of the Housing and
Demographics Research Center at the University of Georgia, the Georgia
Department of Community Affairs and the Georgia Municipal Association. The
program is partially funded by Georgia Power, the U.S. Department of Agriculture
- Rural Development, and the Wachovia Wells Fargo Foundation, and is supported
by the Georgia Electric Membership Corporation and the University of Georgia
Archway Partnership Program through in-kind services.

GICH was launched in November of 2004. The program offers communities a
three-year program of collaboration and technical assistance with the objective
of helping communities create and launch a locally based plan to meet their
housing needs.

Eleven communities have completed the program and 15 more are in the process.
Five new communities are selected for the program each year.

Although the GICH program does not have funds of its own to distribute,
designated cities received or utilized $2.2 million in CDBG and CHIP funds,
$400,000 from HUD, $106,200 from USDA, $515,000 from private financial
institutions and $186,000 in homeless assistance in 2008.

Kouloungis said the state has already invested in Jones County by designating it
a GICH community, but he said a community can accomplish many projects without
the state and those projects need to be done.

Housing Committee Chairman Donald Black suggested the group needs to get more
buy-in from different segments of the community, and Kouloungis said that would
go a long way.

"We need to ask what are you prepared to do for the community. Many things can
be done without the state's help," he stated.

The CDBG application is due in April but Kouloungis said the process needs to
begin now. He said the first step is identifying the efforts already under way
in the community. He said the idea of GICH is to bring everything about housing
together under one umbrella.

"Everything you are doing with housing in Jones County should be done under
GICH. That is another way of saying you are serious about housing," Kouloungis
said.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JCN

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 The Jones County News


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           September 15, 1997, Monday

Scheme faces up to rural facts of life

SOURCE: QNP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 520 words


AUSTRALIA historically has had a romantic vision of the bush and the land, but
the reality has long been the city street and the suburban block. Even for those
rugged few who cling to the land and turn their backs on the comforts of city
life, changing facts of economic and trading life often make that less and less
a viable option.

The tragedy has been that too many rural producers have come to that realisation
far too late, or have been locked into the heartache of economically barren
enterprises for want of a realistic alternative. Drought over the past decade,
the pressures of competition engendered by the demolition of tariff barriers,
and changing trade patterns have increasingly forced a generation of
well-educated primary producers to face the hard truth. Our rural producers can
no more rely on security of income and occupation than can their urban
counterparts, who are increasingly being forced into multiple career changes
during their working lives. Simply keeping people on the land is no longer a
worthwhile policy aim in itself and every farm has to pay its way.

The Howard Government has addressed some of the immediate needs of the bush,
widening drought relief payments and providing income support for up to 12
months. But, rather than simply pouring funds into a potentially bottomless well
of subsidy, it yesterday took a realistic and long-overdue step towards giving
older farmers some welfare equality with urban Australians and towards opening
the doors to alternative careers. The Agriculture _ Advancing Australia package,
hammered out against a background of continuing drought relief and interest
subsidies, recognises the farm sector as an industry, rather than a calling, and
treats it accordingly.

A major initiative of the $500 million scheme is the provision of grants of up
to $45,000 to help re-establish farming families who are forced to move off
uneconomic properties. This should enable at least some farmers to leave the
land with dignity rather than as pioneers trekking in reverse direction,
abandoning the achievements of generations for an uncertain future. Tied to this
is a move to alter assets tests to enable farmers to pass properties on to the
next generation without risking their pensions. This will let young, energetic
farmers take over the reins and give new life and hope to family farms that
still have economic potential in the face of changing circumstances. The other
major initiatives _ allowing tax deductibility for investments in a Farm
Management Deposit Scheme, establishing a business education scheme, and $40
million for community development projects _ are long-overdue measures to
encourage rural self-reliance.

Yesterday's announcement is a welcome and innovative approach to an accelerating
problem that no longer can be addressed by piecemeal allocations of subsidy or
charity. It realistically recognises that sentiment and wide open spaces are not
sufficient credentials in a globalised marketplace that has eroded some of our
traditional advantages and our dominance in many areas of primary production.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Las Cruces Sun-News

                           February 10, 2005 Thursday

Congressmen see challenges in budget

BYLINE: Steve Ramirez

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1122 words


Sun-News reporter

New Mexico's congressional delegation has guarded opinions about President
Bush's proposed budget for the 2006 federal fiscal year.

Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., said he is disappointed about the levels of funding
Bush has proposed for initiatives to New Mexico, particularly for communities in
the south part of the state.

Sen. Pete Domenici said Bush's budget requests will be challenging for New
Mexico, adding that the effort to limit non-defense spending and curb the budget
deficit will force Congress and the public to assess priorities for federal
spending.

"There are some reductions for New Mexico in this budget plan that I will have
to assess," Domenici said. "For our labs, their basic programs are well-funded.
I am pleased with the administration's emphasis on nonproliferation programs
which will benefit our national laboratories.

"The challenge will be to stay on this course as the budget and appropriations
process moves forward, and competition intensifies for fewer federal dollars."

Monday, the Bush administration presented Congress with its proposed $2.5
trillion budget, which outlines the administration's spending priorities. The
budget recommends various means for controlling federal spending, including the
elimination or reduction of 150 non-defense programs.

It would also limit overall discretionary spending, which makes up about 16
percent of the overall federal budget, to 2.1 percent.

"This is, without a doubt, one of the tightest budgets I've ever seen," Domenici
said. "President Bush is sending a clear message about the need to control
spending. He is right to prod Congress, which has been pretty much unsuccessful
in knocking down duplicative programs."

The White House numbers serve as recommendations to Congress that could set the
parameters of the budget debate.

Bingaman said the proposed budget falls short of supporting programs important
to southern New Mexico.

"New Mexico faces many unique challenges associated with being a border state,"
Bingaman said. "Illegal immigration and the ongoing illegal drug trade along the
Mexican border costs New Mexico millions of dollars every year. Incarceration
and drug control programs are vital to in keeping New Mexico's border safe and I
am disappointed that the president's budget seeks to cut these programs."

The Bush administration's budget has proposed eliminating Community Development
Block Grant (CDBG) programs as part of a plan to consolidate 18 federal programs
relating to economic development within the Department of Commerce. In 2005,
CDBG, which helps meet the need of low-income communities, was funded at $4.71
billion. Under the President's plan, total funding for all of the 18
consolidated programs would be $3.71 billion.

Neighborhood Development and Planning manager David Carpenter said city of Las
Cruces officials and planners within Community Development are bracing for a 50
percent cut in what it gets from the CDBG program, from $1.1 million to
$500,000.

Carpenter said the city was able to deal with a 4 percent cut in CDBG funds last
year.

"We really can't afford to take any more cuts and still be able to serve the
low- to moderate-income residents we are trying to serve," Carpenter said. "We
already have more needs than we can fund."

Carpenter added funding is already secured for the city's 2005 fiscal year,
which begins July 1. Cuts in the proposed federal budget wouldn't be felt until
next year.

"Since its creation, the Community Development Block Grant program has been
effective in helping revitalize neighborhoods. Funding has helped address
critical social and economic problems in communities across the United States,
including many in southern New Mexico. I pledge to fight to increase funding for
this vital program," Bingaman said.

The budget also proposes slashing funding to help colonias with water and waste
water programs to $11.8 million from $25 million. New Mexico's share would go
from about $7.8 million to $3.8 million. Similarly, the grant program that helps
rural communities pay for water and waste water projects is cut to $377 million
from $454 million.

"That's really unfortunate when you look at all the rural communities and
colonias we have in Dona Ana County," said County Commissioner Oscar
Vasquez-Butler, whose district includes most of the county's 37 colonias. "These
budget slices aren't based on the most needy, it's social programs that are
being cut."

A colonia is an unincorporated community that lacks basic infrastructure, such
as paved roads and water and waste water services.

However, proposed funding for the High Energy Laser System Test Facility, at
White Sands Missile Range, could increase from $15 million this year to $17.6
million for the federal government's 2006 fiscal year, which begins Oct. 1. If
approved, the funding would be used for research, development, testing and
evaluation activities at HELSTF.

"We're always pleased when one of our team members at White Sands receives
funding such as this," said Larry Furrow, White Sands spokesman.

White Sands would also received $4 million to support the Army's Family Housing
Privatization project. This year, White Sands has $31 million available to
replace aging family houses.

"We're working right now to spend this money to build new houses," Furrow said.

Steve Ramirez can be reached at sramirez@lcsun-news.com

On page 10A

[euro] An effort is under way in Congress to fight the proposed retirement of 10
stealth jets at Holloman Air Force Base.

Budget bullets

[euro] Federal employees pay raise: All civilian employees would receive a 2.3
percent pay raise. The proposed raise for U.S. armed forces member is 3.1
percent.

[euro] Colonias: $11.8 million is requested through the Rural Community
Advancement Program for water and waste disposal systems to benefit colonias
along the Mexican border. It is $8.2 million less than current funding.

[euro] Student financial aid/Pell Grants: New Mexico students would have access
to $110 million of the $13.591 billion requested for Pell Grants in 2006.

[euro] Veterans medical care: Along with the VA hospital in Albuquerque, VA
outpatient clinics in Albuquerque, Artesia, Clayton, Clovis, Espanola,
Farmington, Gallup, Hobbs, Las Cruces, Santa Rosa, Raton, and Silver City would
receive an estimated $275 million in funding for health care services and
construction.

[euro] Veterans programs: The Fiscal Year 2006 request includes an estimated
$716 million in benefits and services for New Mexico veterans. This is nearly
$10 million dollars more than the Fiscal Year 2005 level.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Community services the winners in red tape blitz

BYLINE: Tender watch Christopher Jay

SECTION: NEWS; Government Business; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 563 words


Australia's Department of Social Services is inviting commercial interests and
not-for-profit organisations to apply for a string of streamlined grants
intended to underpin a range of community help initiatives, including disability
conferences, financial counselling and aged care.

The DSS has been reworking its grant programs under what it describes as "part
of a broad plan to boost productivity and remove unnecessary red tape for
community organisations".

It now has seven streamlined grant programs aimed at enhancing service delivery
and providing greater freedom for service providers and greater certainty. This
means grant programs that fit in more with the way community services are
actually delivered, longer-term programs where appropriate to offer certainty in
service delivery and moves towards single grant agreements with each provider to
cut the administrative burden.

Program performance reporting, and simplified financial acquittal reporting will
also cut costs.

One specific program is for conference organisers across Australia to apply for
funding to help people who actually have a disability to attend and take part in
nationally focused disability-related conferences. Assistance can cover
accessible materials, live captioning service loops, conference fees and related
items.

Melbourne-based tenders specialist TenderSearch says applications close on
September 24. About 35 organisations should benefit from the funding, under the
National Disability Conference Initiative (NDCI) for the period July 1, 2015 to
June 30, 2016. Those who have already conferenced this financial year, that is,
since July 1, can apply for retrospective funding, though there are no
guarantees.

This initiative comes under the Disability and Carer Support Activity.

The Australian government is inviting applications from eligible organisations
interested in delivering financial counselling, capability and resilience hubs
in targeted locations. The aim is more integrated and co-ordinated services
including financial counselling and money management education, possibly
no-interest loans and other microfinance products.

Information sessions are lined up for NSW, Victoria, Queensland and WA in Perth
Metro, Broome and Kununurra. TenderSearch says applications close on September
29.

In a related initiative, applications are being sought for microenterprise
development projects under a program for Community Development Financial
Institutions. This is for local community groups, not-for-profit organisations
and companies, aimed at low-income individuals and families.

The public funding is to cover costs of service delivery and operational
expenses, not for providing actual loan capital.

It is a condition of funding that CDFIs have a source of loan capital and comply
with relevant national, state and territory legislative requirements.
Applications close on September 29.

The federal government continues funding support for aged care places.
Applications for the next Aged Care Approvals Round (ACAR) opened on Saturday,
August 15.

Existing and prospective providers of Australian government-funded aged care can
apply for 10,940 residential aged care places and 6045 home care places through
the 2015 ACAR. Applications close September 25.

On top of that, up to $67 million in capital grants is being offered under a
Rural, Regional and Other Special Needs Building Fund.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 22, 1993, Sunday, City Edition

Arts Council appoints program services chief

BYLINE: LISA CUNNINGHAM

SECTION: COMMUNITY TIMES; THE COUNTY; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 543 words



Patti Pace of Miami recently was appointed as the director of program  services
for the Arts Council of Hillsborough County. She replaces Susan  Edwards, who
resigned to pursue other career opportunities.

Ms. Pace is the former director of Tampa's Florida Center for Contemporary  Art.
In Miami, she was development associate for the Center for the Fine Arts.

She was also the program director of the South Florida Arts Center and
development director for Maryland Art Place in Baltimore.

"It is an exciting time to renew my commitment to the county's cultural
development, and I so look forward to assisting the council's expansion and
outreach efforts," Ms. Pace said.

"Patti brings a career of programming and development experience to the  job,
from rural outreach in Kentucky, to arts festival creation and management  in
North Carolina, to development of one of America's foremost alternative art
centers, Maryland Art Place," said Arts Council executive director Art  Keeble.

For information about the Arts Council, call 229-6547.

United Way sets goal

The United Way of Hillsborough County set a 1993 fund-raising goal of  $
10,150,000 during an Aug. 11 board meeting.

The fund-raising campaign will begin Sept. 10 and end Nov. 22. The goal was
recommended by 1993 campaign chairman Alex Sink, executive vice president of
NationsBank.

Also at the board meeting, the United Way approved a New Initiatives grant  of $
10,000 to the Hillsborough Rural Community Development Corp. The money  will
finance a self-help coordinator staff position for a mutual self-help  housing
program that the corporation is launching.

The program will target low- to moderate-income families in south and east
Hillsborough County.

Another grant of $ 9,500 was awarded to the Tampa Metropolitan Area YMCA to
provide youth development activities in the "Suitcase City" area near the
University of South Florida. The YMCA will use the money to provide case
management service for 100 families, year-round youth development activities,
and identification and training of community volunteers.

The United Way awarded a $ 3,600 grant to the American Red Cross for
continuation of the Angel Wing transportation program in South Hillsborough  for
six more months. The program provides elderly and indigent Sun City Center  and
South Hillsborough residents with transportation to medical appointments  and to
the local adult day care center.

Explorers compete in Orlando

U.S. Customs Explorers Post No. 911, with members throughout Hillsborough
County, participated in the Florida Association of Police Explorers annual
state competition in Orlando on July 19-24.

More than 400 Explorers from 46 law enforcement agencies in Florida  attended
the competition.

Post  911 finished second in the arrest and search event, fourth in traffic
accident investigation and third for its pistol team. The group ranked fifth
among all Florida Explorers groups.

Receiving individual awards in the pistol competition were Steven Towe,  first
place pistol master; and Webster Green, third place pistol master.

Other participants were Candy Drew, Robert Kirk, Asim Brown, Charles Drew  and
Chris Cutler.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: COMMUNITY TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

University of Rhode Island Receives $510,978 in USDA Grants

LENGTH: 493  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Jim Langevin, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Senators Jack Reed and Sheldon Whitehouse and Congressman Jim Langevin today
announced that the University of Rhode Island will receive $510,978 in grant
funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute
of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) program. NIFA is awarding nearly $14 million
nationwide to programs that support rural community development, sustainable
farming and economic growth through agriculture.

"I am pleased URI is receiving this federal funding to help share their
expertise and further their efforts in support of our agricultural economy,"
said Senator Reed. "We need to invest in positive community economic development
strategies and protect Rhode Island's rural areas and open spaces. This NIFA
grant will allow URI to work with local communities to develop strategies for
sustainable farming and land conservation."

"Rhode Island farms are an important part of our natural landscape and our
economy. Preserving the land and natural resources they depend on is a smart
investment for our state," said Senator Whitehouse. "I'm glad to see these
federal funds come to URI to benefit our farming community, and thanks to Jim
Langevin for his good work on agriculture in Rhode Island."

"The University of Rhode Island is at the epicenter of agriculture in Rhode
Island, and their educational programming and research serve as a vital resource
for our state's many farmers," said Congressman Langevin, who recently formed a
Food First Advisory Committee to advise him on issues of importance to the
farming industry and overall food economy. "Agriculture is an important part of
Rhode Island's economy, and we must support the efforts of farmers not only to
be profitable and sustainable, but also in their fight to increase access to
local food sources, which can only happen when we preserve farmland. We, as a
state and as a nation, must commit to increasing the amount of food we produce
and consume locally."

"These grants will be used to understand people's preferences for open space so
that farm and forest lands can be sustained, and so those lands may continue to
provide critical ecosystem services and maintain the rural character of
communities in Southern New England," said Richard Rhodes, associate dean of the
URI College of the Environment and Life Sciences. "We appreciate the work of
Rhode Island's congressional delegation in helping to secure these funds."

The bulk of URI's award, $463,096, will be used to create community-level
incentives to support farm, forest and open space land conservation in the rural
-urban fringe. The remaining $47,882 will go towards a water quality economics
workshop through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Foundational Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            July 25, 2007 Wednesday

Construction trades program could provide career instruction, remedy housing
shortage

BYLINE: By Heather Parker

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 749 words


CARLSBAD -- Construction workers can be hard to come by in Carlsbad, according
to local housing experts.Now, a new program could help high school students
acquire the skills to enter a high-demand building trade.A partnership between
the Carlsbad Community Development Corporation, the city, New Mexico State
University at Carlsbad and the high schools in both Loving and Carlsbad has
created an opportunity for students to study building trades and earn a
certificate upon graduation.The courses are being offered through concurrent
enrollment with NMSU-C, which allows students to receive not only high school
credit, but college credit as well."This program will bring the needed workforce
and skills to Carlsbad and help fill the ranks," said John Hernandez,
coordinator of the Workforce and Community Development program at NMSU-C.He said
the program will help give students the skills needed to enter into building
trades, where workers are growing scarce, and also could help provide low-income
housing to Carlsbad.Currently, 110 students in the two school districts are
enrolled in the program, which takes four years to complete. Students in the
ninth grade start with an introduction course, 10th grade students take
intermediate courses and 11th graders take an advanced course.Seniors will take
advanced courses and also participate in work programs which will consist of
on-site training."When they are in 11th grade is when they choose which trade
they want to go into, whether it be carpentry, plumbing or electrical. In their
senior year, they will actually work on projects with Habitat for Humanity,"
Hernandez said.Habitat for Humanity's Carlsbad Chapter has agreed to allow
students in the program to work on Habitat homes, which will be built on
city-provided property.The first project will be built on Mountain View and will
allow students from CHS to walk over to the construction site.There they will be
under the supervision of a contractor who will monitor their progress in their
National Center for Construction Education and Research workbook.The workbooks
will track their progress through the program and help them to log hours for
journeyman programs."It takes about 8,000 hours to get your journeyman's
license, and students will able to knock out about 1,200 to 2,000 hours through
the program," Hernandez said. He said the hours will only leave students needing
three years to get the license.Students who complete the program in high school
will receive a certificate in building trades upon graduation. They can then
continue their education at NMSU-C.Grants from corporations like Microsoft and
Washington TRU solutions are helping the program get up and running.Loving
Schools received a $125,000 grant from Microsoft U.S. Partners in Learning."The
Microsoft grant is available to rural communities for education purposes applied
to technology and offers a pathway towards a degree, which Microsoft requires,"
Hernandez said. He said he is looking into getting the same grant for CHS.He
said the grant will allow the schools to utilize Microsoft Project Manger
Program, where each student's progress can be tracked through module completion,
which Hernandez said makes the data easy to analyze and will help in efforts for
Microsoft to continue to fund the program.He said the computer program
information will be useful as the program is a template for the state."This is a
model program that has never been done in the state," Hernandez said. He said
the Governor's Workforce Initiative has taken an interest in the project and
used it as a template for other communities."There is not just a need in our
community, but across the nation as well," Hernandez said.He said once the
program gets off the ground, it may be offered to county jail inmates for
rehabilitation."Once the template is working and more funding comes through,
then we will bring it to the county. That is next on our agenda," he
said.Washington TRU Solutions is also offering $15,000 per year for three years
for the program. The city of Carlsbad also approved a one-time request for
$380,000, which will be used as seed money to purchase needed
equipment.Hernandez said Microsoft will offer long-term assistance; as a result,
NMSU-C will have to offer a degree program for building trades."Right now, there
is no younger generation to fill the boots of contractors. It is a dying art.
People don't understand that we do need these people in the community with these
skills," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Carlsbad Current-Argus
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 THE ADVERTISER

                           December 17, 2005 Saturday
                                 State Edition

Getting to the art of the country

BYLINE: By KERRY KENIHAN

SECTION: EMPLOYMENT; Pg. E26

LENGTH: 729  words


DEVELOPING and managing visual arts touring programs, advocating the continuing
development of the arts in country South Australia, providing an arts
information and advisory service to country South Australians as well as
developing indigenous and multicultural arts programs are all functions of
Country Arts SA.

This is a dynamic and innovative organisation committed to the growth of
sustainable regional communities by ensuring South Australians have access to
arts and cultural development opportunities which enrich their lives.

An arts officer is needed for a new branch at Roxby Downs.

''We present more than 500 performances and related activities in four
performing art centres annually,'' Country Arts SA chief executive Ken Lloyd
says.

''These presentations make up about 70 per cent of each centre's total
activities.

''Overall about 70,000 people purchase tickets to attend a performance or other
event in the centres each year.

''A comprehensive visual arts program tours the state. Each year, about 15
exhibitions go to regional galleries and at the same time regional artists are
provided with opportunities to exhibit their work in metropolitan art spaces
operated by Country Arts SA.

''Country Arts SA has never had an officer at Roxby Downs, which is an oasis in
every sense and this represents an exciting new initiative for us.''

New positions are also expected with the District Council of the Copper Coast
and the rural city of Murray Bridge.

''The arts officer will be responsible for assisting the communities of
Andamooka, Pimba, Roxby Downs and Woomera in the achievement of their arts and
youth and community development aspirations,'' Mr Lloyd says.

''Over the next three years, investigations are expected to be undertaken by BHP
Billiton for a further expansion of the Roxby Downs mine which is expected to
triple output and double the town's permanent population.

''Building the social capacity of the community through a range of capital works
and community development strategies and actions, including the appointment of
an arts officer, is a proactive step.''

Mr Lloyd says regular out-of-hours work will be required and the appointee may
expect regular intrastate and occasional interstate travel as part of the job.

''The new officer will contribute to arts development by researching, developing
and maintaining strategies for arts, youth and community development in the
region,'' he says.

''Monitoring programs and ensuring their effectiveness in artistic, community
development and financial terms, the appointee will be acting as a resource,
leader and adviser to communities to enable them to develop their artistic and
community development vision.

''The officer will assist in training and information dissemination to guide
communities towards autonomy in the provision of arts, youth and community
development services and activities and will manage, co-ordinate and implement
and prepare grant applications for the artistic elements and a daily program of
the Outback Fringe Festival and other cultural events that may arise.

''Another aspect covers the management of the Roxby Downs Art Gallery including
initiating, co-ordinating, marketing, hanging works and launching local and
visiting art exhibitions.

''The officer will develop, co-ordinate, maintain, market, promote and evaluate
a range of touring performances that are regularly delivered from the Roxby
Downs Cultural Centre, establishing, maintaining and co-ordinating a network of
local artists as an adjunct to the Roxby Downs Arts and Culture Forum.

''Further, the officer will develop and maintain a volunteer support network for
the arts. Development and maintenance of liaison with local media to promote
community initiatives and Country Arts SA and the Roxby Downs Council programs
will be required, as will good relations with community groups, local artists,
local government and commercial interests.''

Demonstrated ability to work effectively with limited supervision, ability to
listen and respond to community needs and aspirations, possession of a class 1
driver's licence, proven experience in community development, knowledge of the
arts industry in SA and knowledge of arts funding opportunities are all
essential qualifications.

* Inquiries: 8444 0400. Applications to Sue Du Bois, Arts Development Manager,
Western, PO Box 6, Wudinna 5652, close on December 23.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                    September 17, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Suncoast Credit Union Foundation Awards $25,000 Grant to The Heights Foundation

BYLINE: The Heights Foundation

LENGTH: 361  words


Fort Myers, FL,  September 17, 2015 --(PR.com)-- The Suncoast Credit Union
Foundation has awarded The Heights Foundation a grant of $25,000 for School
Success Programs at The Heights Center. The grant provides funding support to
The Center's After School and Summer Camp programs for at-risk kids in the
Harlem Heights neighborhood.

"Staying in school is the most effective way to ensure a successful future,"
said Kathryn Kelly, President and CEO of The Heights Foundation. "The Heights
Foundation has developed School Success programs to address the challenges that
may result from poverty, limited English proficiency and limited educational
involvement. The support of the Suncoast Credit Union Foundation helps us
continue to support these vital programs."

The Suncoast Credit Union Foundation was established to benefit sick children
and their families and to support educational initiatives. Since its inception
in 1990, the Suncoast Credit Union Foundation has raised and donated over $13
million dollars to help provide a better future for the children of our
community.

To learn more about The Heights Foundation and The Heights Center, visit
heightsfoundation.org or call (239) 482-7706.

About the Heights Foundation and The Heights Center

The Heights Foundation works to build self-sufficient families in the Harlem
Heights neighborhood. The mission is to support education and wellness, promote
family and community development, and provide the benefits of enrichment and the
arts. The Heights Center, supported by The Heights Foundation, is a place for
Education, Opportunity, and Enrichment.

Harlem Heights was originally settled as a rural agricultural community.
Approximately 780 children live in a mixture of single-family homes and
multi-family apartments. Demographically, the population is approximately 70%
Hispanic, 20% African-American, and 8% Caucasian. The poverty rate for children
in Harlem Heights is more than twice the county average, with family income 40%
below the county average. Families are not able to easily access family support
services located in downtown Fort Myers, and benefit greatly from programs
located within the neighborhood.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Redelegation of Authority to Directors and Deputy Directors of
Community Planning and Development in Field Offices Pages 6618 - 6621 [FR DOC #
2017-01238]

LENGTH: 2790  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5981-D-03]
Redelegation of Authority to Directors and Deputy Directors of Community
Planning and Development in Field Offices AGENCY: Office of the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, HUD. ACTION: Notice of
redelegation of authority to field offices.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, as amended,
provides authority to the Secretary to delegate functions, powers, and duties as
the Secretary deems necessary. By separate notice published in today's Federal
Register, the Secretary of HUD delegates concurrent authority to the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.

In this notice, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development redelegate to the Directors and Deputy Directors of Community
Planning and Development in HUD Field Offices all powers and authorities
necessary to carry out Office of Community Planning and Development programs,
except those powers and authorities specifically excluded. DATES: Effective
Date: January 10, 2017. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Cliff Taffet, General
Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Community Planning and Development,
Department of Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7100,
Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone number 202-708-2690. This is not a
toll-free number. For those needing assistance, this number may be accessed via
TTY by calling the Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Published elsewhere in today's Federal Register is a revised
consolidated delegation of authority from the Secretary of HUD to the Assistant
Secretary for Community [[Page 6619]] Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development. This
notice updates and revises redelegations of authority from the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development to CPD Directors and
Deputy Directors in HUD Field Offices. This notice supersedes all previous
redelegations of authority to CPD Directors and Deputy Directors in HUD Field
Offices, including a redelegation published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR 38851.
Also published elsewhere in today's Federal Register is a redelegation of
authority from the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries in Community Planning and
Development. Section A. General Redelegation of Authority Except those
authorities specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development redelegates to the Directors and Deputy
Directors of Community Planning and Development in HUD Field Offices all powers
and authorities of the Assistant Secretary necessary to carry out the following
Community Planning and Development programs and matters: 1. Community
Development Block Grants (CDBG), Section 108 Loan Guarantees, Neighborhood
Stabilization Programs (NSP), CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants, and other programs
covered by Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public
Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR
part 570. Authority not redelegated: a. Terminate, reduce, or limit the
availability of grant payments pursuant to section 111(a), 42 U.S.C. 5311. b.
Adjust entitlement and state grants pursuant to section 104(e), 42 U.S.C. 5304.
c. Determine basic grant amounts for metropolitan cities, urban counties, and
States pursuant to section 106, 42 U.S.C. 5306. d. Reallocate funds pursuant to
section 106(c) or (d), 42 U.S.C. 5306. e. Determine the qualifications of
localities for special consideration. This includes, but is not limited to, the
determination of qualifications of counties as urban counties pursuant to
section 102(a)(6), 42 U.S.C. 5302, the determination of what constitutes a city
pursuant to section 102(a)(5), 42 U.S.C. 5302, and the determination of levels
of physical and economic distress of cities and urban counties for eligibility
for urban development action grants pursuant to section 119(b), 42 U.S.C. 5318.
f. Approve and disapprove applications, or amendments to applications, filed for
loan guarantee or grant assistance, issue commitments or grant awards, execute
grant agreements, or issue guarantees pursuant to section 108, 42 U.S.C. 5308.
2. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); consolidated
plans, 24 CFR part 91. 3. Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants
program, Title IV, Subtitle B of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act,
Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11371
et seq.); 24 CFR part 576. Authority not redelegated: a. Determine allocation
amounts. b. Approve built-in waivers or exceptions authorized under Title IV of
the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act and applicable implementing
regulations. 4. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the Cranston-
Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (NAHA), Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4094 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part 92.
Authority not redelegated: a. Determine allocation and reallocation amounts
pursuant to section 217 of NAHA. b. Revoke a jurisdiction's designation as a
participating jurisdiction pursuant to section 216 of NAHA. c. Effect remedies
for noncompliance pursuant to section 223 of NAHA. d. Approve a change in the
number of units designated as HOME- assisted units during the period of
affordability pursuant to 24 CFR 92.205(d). e. Make a determination that a
consortium does not have sufficient authority and administrative capability to
administer the HOME Program pursuant to 24 CFR 92.101(a)(3). 5. Housing Trust
Fund (HTF), Section 1338 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and
Soundness Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat.
2654 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568). Authority not redelegated: a. Determine
allocations, adjustments, and reallocation amounts. 6. Homelessness Prevention
and Rapid Re-Housing Program (HPRP) as authorized under the Homelessness
Prevention Fund heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115. 7. AIDS Housing
Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C.12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574. Authority not redelegated: a.
Determine allocations, adjustments, and reallocation amounts. b. Revoke a
jurisdiction's designation as an eligible state or eligible metropolitan
statistical area for a formula allocation or as an eligible applicant for a
nonformula allocation. c. Suspend or terminate current awards in whole or in
part, withhold further awards, and effect other legally available remedies
pursuant to 2 CFR 200.338-200.342. 8. Title IV Subtitles C-F of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq.), including the following:
Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583, Shelter Plus Care program, 24 CFR
part 582, Moderate Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy program, 24 CFR part
882, subpart H, Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR part 578, and Rural Housing
Stability Assistance program. Authority not redelegated: a. Make funding
decisions. b. Approve built-in waivers or exceptions authorized under Title IV
of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act and applicable implementing
regulations. 9. Economic Development Initiative grants, as provided for in
annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Resolution,
Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)). 10. Neighborhood
Initiatives grants specifically designated in annual HUD appropriations acts
(e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3034
(2009)). 11. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD [[Page
6620]] appropriations act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub.
L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3084 (2009)). 12. The urban Empowerment Zones (EZ), as
authorized under title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter U of the Internal
Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR parts 597
and 598. Authority not redelegated: a. Approve or amend strategic plans or other
state and local commitments, including boundary changes. b. Revoke a
designation, including issuing a warning letter pursuant to 24 CFR parts 597 and
598. 13. Responsibility for compliance with the Uniform Relocation Assistance
and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat.
1894 (1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24 for
programs covered by Section A of this redelegation. Authority not redelegated:
a. Exercise the Federal Agency waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7. 14.
Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized under any program
or matter delegated under Section A (e.g., section 107 of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100- 242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988)) and
as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)).
15. Certain Community Planning and Development programs that are no longer
authorized for funding (or future funding is not anticipated) but administration
of the programs must continue until all Department responsibilities are
discharged and finally terminated. These programs, as of June 2011, include the
following: a. Any program superseded by, or inactive by reason of, Title I of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat.
633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316). b. Grants for urban Empowerment
Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated
Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11
(2003)). c. HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family Housing Program (HOPE 3),
Title IV, Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act,
Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891). d. New
Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of
1968, Public Law 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, Public Law 91-609 (repealed 1983), 84
Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Recovery Act of 1983,
Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5b), and any other
functions, powers and duties which may affect the liquidation of the New
Communities program. e. Rural Housing and Economic Development grants
specifically designated originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD Appropriations
Act, Public Law 105-65, 111 Stat. 1344 (1997), and subsequent annual HUD
appropriations acts. f. Renewal Communities (RC), as authorized under Title 26,
Subtitle A, Chapter 1, Subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as
amended at 26 U.S.C. 1400E et seq.); 24 CFR part 599. g. All programs
consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs) established pursuant
to Title II of the Independent Offices Appropriations Act, Public Law 98-45, 97
Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5) including all
authority of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
with respect to the functions, administration and management of the Revolving
Fund (Liquidating Programs). Only the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development are the responsible official for allotments in the
Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs). Section B. Limited Denial of
Participation Subject to the excepted authority in Section C, the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to
Directors and Deputy Directors of CPD in HUD Field Offices the authority to
order a limited denial of participation sanction pursuant to HUD regulations at
2 CFR part 2424, with respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A;
provided that the General Counsel, or such other official as may be designated
by the General Counsel, must: (1) Concur in any proposed sanction under 2 CFR
part 2424 before it is issued, and (2) concur in any proposed settlement of a
sanction under 2 CFR part 2424. Section C. General Authority Excepted The
authority redelegated under Section A does not include: 1. The authority to
issue or waive regulations covered by section 7(q) of the Department of Housing
and Urban Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(q)); 2. The authority to sue and be
sued; 3. The authority to effect remedies for noncompliance requiring notice and
an opportunity for an administrative hearing; 4. The authority for allotments in
the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs) under paragraph g of Section A; or 5.
Any authority not delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development under the Consolidated Delegation of Authority for
Community Planning and Development. The Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development may revoke at any time this redelegation with
respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A and orders of limited
denial of participation issued in accordance with Section B. Section D.
Authority To Further Redelegate The authority redelegated in Sections A and B
may not be further redelegated. Section E. Redelegations Superseded This notice
supersedes all prior redelegations of authority to Directors and Deputy
Directors of Community Planning and Development in HUD Field Offices, including
the redelegation of authority published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR 38851. Section
F. Actions Ratified The Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development hereby ratify all actions previously taken by the Directors and
Deputy Directors of CPD in HUD Field Offices with respect to the programs and
matters listed in Section A and orders of limited denial of [[Page 6621]]
participation issued in accordance with Section B. Authority: Section 7(d),
Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C. 3535(d). Dated:
January 10, 2017. Harriet Tregoning, Principal Deputy Assistant, Secretary for
Community Planning and Development. [FR Doc. 2017-01238 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Redelegation of Authority to Directors and Deputy Directors of
Community Planning and Development in Field Offices Pages 6618 - 6621 [FR DOC #
2017-01238]

LENGTH: 2790  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT [Docket No. FR-5981-D-03]
Redelegation of Authority to Directors and Deputy Directors of Community
Planning and Development in Field Offices AGENCY: Office of the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, HUD. ACTION: Notice of
redelegation of authority to field offices.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
Section 7(d) of the Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, as amended,
provides authority to the Secretary to delegate functions, powers, and duties as
the Secretary deems necessary. By separate notice published in today's Federal
Register, the Secretary of HUD delegates concurrent authority to the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development.

In this notice, the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development redelegate to the Directors and Deputy Directors of Community
Planning and Development in HUD Field Offices all powers and authorities
necessary to carry out Office of Community Planning and Development programs,
except those powers and authorities specifically excluded. DATES: Effective
Date: January 10, 2017. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Cliff Taffet, General
Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Community Planning and Development,
Department of Housing and Urban Development, 451 7th Street SW., Room 7100,
Washington, DC 20410-7000; telephone number 202-708-2690. This is not a
toll-free number. For those needing assistance, this number may be accessed via
TTY by calling the Federal Relay Service at 800-877-8339. SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Published elsewhere in today's Federal Register is a revised
consolidated delegation of authority from the Secretary of HUD to the Assistant
Secretary for Community [[Page 6619]] Planning and Development, the Principal
Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the
General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development. This
notice updates and revises redelegations of authority from the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development to CPD Directors and
Deputy Directors in HUD Field Offices. This notice supersedes all previous
redelegations of authority to CPD Directors and Deputy Directors in HUD Field
Offices, including a redelegation published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR 38851.
Also published elsewhere in today's Federal Register is a redelegation of
authority from the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development,
and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development to the Deputy Assistant Secretaries in Community Planning and
Development. Section A. General Redelegation of Authority Except those
authorities specifically excluded, the Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development redelegates to the Directors and Deputy
Directors of Community Planning and Development in HUD Field Offices all powers
and authorities of the Assistant Secretary necessary to carry out the following
Community Planning and Development programs and matters: 1. Community
Development Block Grants (CDBG), Section 108 Loan Guarantees, Neighborhood
Stabilization Programs (NSP), CDBG Disaster Recovery Grants, and other programs
covered by Title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public
Law 93-383, 88 Stat. 633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); 24 CFR
part 570. Authority not redelegated: a. Terminate, reduce, or limit the
availability of grant payments pursuant to section 111(a), 42 U.S.C. 5311. b.
Adjust entitlement and state grants pursuant to section 104(e), 42 U.S.C. 5304.
c. Determine basic grant amounts for metropolitan cities, urban counties, and
States pursuant to section 106, 42 U.S.C. 5306. d. Reallocate funds pursuant to
section 106(c) or (d), 42 U.S.C. 5306. e. Determine the qualifications of
localities for special consideration. This includes, but is not limited to, the
determination of qualifications of counties as urban counties pursuant to
section 102(a)(6), 42 U.S.C. 5302, the determination of what constitutes a city
pursuant to section 102(a)(5), 42 U.S.C. 5302, and the determination of levels
of physical and economic distress of cities and urban counties for eligibility
for urban development action grants pursuant to section 119(b), 42 U.S.C. 5318.
f. Approve and disapprove applications, or amendments to applications, filed for
loan guarantee or grant assistance, issue commitments or grant awards, execute
grant agreements, or issue guarantees pursuant to section 108, 42 U.S.C. 5308.
2. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategies (CHAS), Title I of the
Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4079 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12701 et seq.); consolidated
plans, 24 CFR part 91. 3. Emergency Shelter Grants/Emergency Solutions Grants
program, Title IV, Subtitle B of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act,
Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11371
et seq.); 24 CFR part 576. Authority not redelegated: a. Determine allocation
amounts. b. Approve built-in waivers or exceptions authorized under Title IV of
the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act and applicable implementing
regulations. 4. The HOME Investment Partnerships Act, Title II of the Cranston-
Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (NAHA), Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat.
4094 (1990) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 12721 et seq.); 24 CFR part 92.
Authority not redelegated: a. Determine allocation and reallocation amounts
pursuant to section 217 of NAHA. b. Revoke a jurisdiction's designation as a
participating jurisdiction pursuant to section 216 of NAHA. c. Effect remedies
for noncompliance pursuant to section 223 of NAHA. d. Approve a change in the
number of units designated as HOME- assisted units during the period of
affordability pursuant to 24 CFR 92.205(d). e. Make a determination that a
consortium does not have sufficient authority and administrative capability to
administer the HOME Program pursuant to 24 CFR 92.101(a)(3). 5. Housing Trust
Fund (HTF), Section 1338 of the Federal Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and
Soundness Act of 1992, added by Section 1131 of Public Law 110-289, 122 Stat.
2654 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 4568). Authority not redelegated: a. Determine
allocations, adjustments, and reallocation amounts. 6. Homelessness Prevention
and Rapid Re-Housing Program (HPRP) as authorized under the Homelessness
Prevention Fund heading of Division A, Title XII of the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009, Public Law 111-5, 123 Stat. 115. 7. AIDS Housing
Opportunity Act, Title VIII, Subtitle D of the Cranston-Gonzalez National
Affordable Housing Act, Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified as
amended at 42 U.S.C.12901-12912); 24 CFR part 574. Authority not redelegated: a.
Determine allocations, adjustments, and reallocation amounts. b. Revoke a
jurisdiction's designation as an eligible state or eligible metropolitan
statistical area for a formula allocation or as an eligible applicant for a
nonformula allocation. c. Suspend or terminate current awards in whole or in
part, withhold further awards, and effect other legally available remedies
pursuant to 2 CFR 200.338-200.342. 8. Title IV Subtitles C-F of the
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, Public Law 100-77, 101 Stat. 482 (1987)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 11381 et seq.), including the following:
Supportive Housing Program, 24 CFR part 583, Shelter Plus Care program, 24 CFR
part 582, Moderate Rehabilitation for Single Room Occupancy program, 24 CFR part
882, subpart H, Continuum of Care program, 24 CFR part 578, and Rural Housing
Stability Assistance program. Authority not redelegated: a. Make funding
decisions. b. Approve built-in waivers or exceptions authorized under Title IV
of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act and applicable implementing
regulations. 9. Economic Development Initiative grants, as provided for in
annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Resolution,
Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11 (2003)). 10. Neighborhood
Initiatives grants specifically designated in annual HUD appropriations acts
(e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3034
(2009)). 11. Rural Innovation Fund grants as provided for in annual HUD [[Page
6620]] appropriations act(s) (e.g., Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub.
L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3084 (2009)). 12. The urban Empowerment Zones (EZ), as
authorized under title 26, subtitle A, chapter 1, subchapter U of the Internal
Revenue Code (codified as amended at 26 U.S.C. 1391 et seq.); 24 CFR parts 597
and 598. Authority not redelegated: a. Approve or amend strategic plans or other
state and local commitments, including boundary changes. b. Revoke a
designation, including issuing a warning letter pursuant to 24 CFR parts 597 and
598. 13. Responsibility for compliance with the Uniform Relocation Assistance
and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, Public Law 91-646, 84 Stat.
1894 (1971) (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.); 49 CFR part 24 for
programs covered by Section A of this redelegation. Authority not redelegated:
a. Exercise the Federal Agency waiver authority provided under 49 CFR 24.7. 14.
Technical Assistance and Capacity Building awards authorized under any program
or matter delegated under Section A (e.g., section 107 of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1987, Pub. L. 100- 242, 101 Stat. 1815 (1988)) and
as provided for in annual and supplemental HUD appropriations acts (e.g.,
Consolidated Appropriations Act 2010, Pub. L. 111-117, 123 Stat. 3093 (2009)).
15. Certain Community Planning and Development programs that are no longer
authorized for funding (or future funding is not anticipated) but administration
of the programs must continue until all Department responsibilities are
discharged and finally terminated. These programs, as of June 2011, include the
following: a. Any program superseded by, or inactive by reason of, Title I of
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, Public Law 93-383, 88 Stat.
633 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. 5316). b. Grants for urban Empowerment
Zones (EZ) as provided for in annual HUD appropriations acts (e.g., Consolidated
Appropriations Resolution, Fiscal Year 2003, Pub. L. 108-7, 117 Stat. 11
(2003)). c. HOPE for Homeownership of Single-family Housing Program (HOPE 3),
Title IV, Subtitle C of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act,
Public Law 101-625, 104 Stat. 4079 (1990) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 12891). d. New
Communities Program, Section 413 of the Housing and Urban Development Act of
1968, Public Law 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (repealed 1983), Section 726 of the
Housing and Urban Development Act of 1970, Public Law 91-609 (repealed 1983), 84
Stat. 1784, Section 474 of the Housing and Urban-Rural Recovery Act of 1983,
Public Law 98-181, 97 Stat. 1237 (codified at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5b), and any other
functions, powers and duties which may affect the liquidation of the New
Communities program. e. Rural Housing and Economic Development grants
specifically designated originally in the Fiscal Year 1998 HUD Appropriations
Act, Public Law 105-65, 111 Stat. 1344 (1997), and subsequent annual HUD
appropriations acts. f. Renewal Communities (RC), as authorized under Title 26,
Subtitle A, Chapter 1, Subchapter X of the Internal Revenue Code (codified as
amended at 26 U.S.C. 1400E et seq.); 24 CFR part 599. g. All programs
consolidated in the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs) established pursuant
to Title II of the Independent Offices Appropriations Act, Public Law 98-45, 97
Stat. 223 (1983) (codified as amended at 12 U.S.C. 1701g-5) including all
authority of the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the
Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and
the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development
with respect to the functions, administration and management of the Revolving
Fund (Liquidating Programs). Only the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development are the responsible official for allotments in the
Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs). Section B. Limited Denial of
Participation Subject to the excepted authority in Section C, the Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary for Community Planning and Development, and the General Deputy
Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development redelegate to
Directors and Deputy Directors of CPD in HUD Field Offices the authority to
order a limited denial of participation sanction pursuant to HUD regulations at
2 CFR part 2424, with respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A;
provided that the General Counsel, or such other official as may be designated
by the General Counsel, must: (1) Concur in any proposed sanction under 2 CFR
part 2424 before it is issued, and (2) concur in any proposed settlement of a
sanction under 2 CFR part 2424. Section C. General Authority Excepted The
authority redelegated under Section A does not include: 1. The authority to
issue or waive regulations covered by section 7(q) of the Department of Housing
and Urban Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3535(q)); 2. The authority to sue and be
sued; 3. The authority to effect remedies for noncompliance requiring notice and
an opportunity for an administrative hearing; 4. The authority for allotments in
the Revolving Fund (Liquidating Programs) under paragraph g of Section A; or 5.
Any authority not delegated to the Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development under the Consolidated Delegation of Authority for
Community Planning and Development. The Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community
Planning and Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Community Planning and Development may revoke at any time this redelegation with
respect to the programs and matters listed in Section A and orders of limited
denial of participation issued in accordance with Section B. Section D.
Authority To Further Redelegate The authority redelegated in Sections A and B
may not be further redelegated. Section E. Redelegations Superseded This notice
supersedes all prior redelegations of authority to Directors and Deputy
Directors of Community Planning and Development in HUD Field Offices, including
the redelegation of authority published on June 29, 2012 at 77 FR 38851. Section
F. Actions Ratified The Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and
Development, and the General Deputy Assistant Secretary for Community Planning
and Development hereby ratify all actions previously taken by the Directors and
Deputy Directors of CPD in HUD Field Offices with respect to the programs and
matters listed in Section A and orders of limited denial of [[Page 6621]]
participation issued in accordance with Section B. Authority: Section 7(d),
Department of Housing and Urban Development Act, 42 U.S.C. 3535(d). Dated:
January 10, 2017. Harriet Tregoning, Principal Deputy Assistant, Secretary for
Community Planning and Development. [FR Doc. 2017-01238 Filed 1-18-17; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4210-67-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                January 12, 2004

How rural gems can be magnet for tourists

LENGTH: 333 words


EAST Lancashire's rural communities are being urged to promote their hidden gems
in a new scheme.

The Hidden Britain Centre project encourages local communities to identify
tourist attractions within their villages and then to promote them.

Sites of interest could be historical or they could be business opportunities.

The project could see hamlets such as Wycoller in Pendle or Downham in the
Ribble Valley getting help to promote all they have to offer to visitors.

The scheme set up by the Arthur Rank Centre and backed by £20 000 from the
Carnegie UK Trust has been successfully piloted in Cumbria and is now being
extended to the North West with a development officer being appointed in the New
Year.

The Carnegie grant will help in this and provide financial help to local Hidden
Britain Centre projects which will enable them to develop exhibition
presentation materials get training and learn about promoting their areas.

Gordon Gatward Director of the Arthur Rank Centre said: "Hidden Britain Centres
are all about economic and social regeneration through community action and
development.

"Frequently centred on the local church as the heart of the village or the main
attraction for visitors to an area our pilot project in Cumbria has been a great
success.

"We now have great hopes for the wider appeal of the project. It has been
greatly enhanced by this generous support from the Carnegie Trust.

"We're extremely grateful for their help which will be of great benefit to rural
communities across the north of the country."

The Carnegie UK Trust is one of Britain's oldest trusts set up by Andrew
Carnegie the Scottish philanthropist in 1913.  In recent years it has initiated
influential national strategies relating to older people youth participation and
the arts. It recently announced a new £4million initiative to promote community
development in villages and rural areas though a new Carnegie Rural Development
Commission.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday
                         Advocate First Edition Edition

Residents urged to have say on health

BYLINE: JESS BLACK

SECTION: COUNCIL KENTISH_; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 238 words


KENTISH residents have until Friday to lodge their response to Kentish Council's
Community Health Needs Assessment.

As of late last week there had been more than 500 submissions made to council
about the municipality's health services.

The figure is more than expected from an initiative that has seen the council
partner with the University of Tasmania's Centre for Rural Health.

"It's a good percentage of the community but we could pop over it really
easily," Kentish Council economic and community development manager Darrin
Cunningham said.

"The whole idea is to identify the gaps that we have in services and use that as
evidence to apply for new services or grants to run programs."

The questionnaire was posted to every household in Kentish in early December and
can be completed and posted in the reply-paid envelope or dropped into a
collection box.

Collection boxes are at the following locations:

Kentish Council;

Turnbulls Pharmacy;

Sheffield Medical Centre;

Railton Pharmacy; and

Wilmot Online Access Centre.

The questionnaire can also be completed online via the council's website
www.kentish.tas.gov.au or the Kentish Council Facebook site.

If residents have any questions about the study they are welcome to contact
Darrin Cunningham, economic and community development manager at the Kentish
Council via darrin@kentish.tas.gov.au or on 6491 0200. Residents can also
contact project officer Alison Wild at alison.wild@utas.edu.au

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Wellington Weekly News

                                  June 2, 2004

Another :3,500 is pledged for PO

SECTION: News; Business; Others; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 392 words


Plans to open a much-needed post office in Stawley were laid out in front of the
community at a meeting on Thursday.  More than 40 villagers arrived at the
primary school to peruse the draft plans to create a post office, shop and
community room in the disused pottery and changing rooms belonging to the former
Stawley Primary School.

Area MP Adrian Flook, Upper Tone county councillor Caroline Smeaton and borough
councillors Mary Whitmarsh and John Bone were on hand to answer questions and
look over the display boards showing the plans, the letters of support, and the
results of a survey documenting people's approval.

The Stawley Rural Community Initiative (RCI), a volunteer group which helps
co-ordinate development projects in the parish, clinched planning permission for
the project earlier this year, but is now desperately trying to raise the
£80,000 needed.

Pledges and loans amounting to £3,500 were made at the meeting, giving RCI
members great encouragement. Community development worker Keeley Rudd said:
"Having such money pledged was really good news and it has raised the profile of
the whole thing. We have just got to keep going now." The RCI has also appealed
for £25,000 from the Countryside Agency and £20,000 from Somerset County
Council's partnership grant scheme; news is expected by the end of July.

The need for a post office at Stawley has been a high priority ever since
residents were faced with the news that they could be travelling to Holcombe
Rogus or Wellington to post their letters after Greenham postmaster and
mistress, Bill and Peggy Wotton, announced they wanted to retire.

The proposed new post office and shop, based in the old Victorian building at
Appley Cross, will serve not only the residents of Stawley, but people who have
relied heavily on the Greenham service, living in the villages of Appley,
Greenham and Tracebridge.

The Wottons have said they will delay their retirement and carry on running the
Greenham PO and stores - which has been in the community for the past 37 years -
until the Stawley project comes on stream.

Mrs Rudd said: "It's essential we keep a post office and store in the Stawley
parish as there is virtually no public transport around here, only one bus that
runs once a week.

"A lot of elderly people would suffer without it."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2004 Wellington Weekly News


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                               May 7, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Pittsfield seeks $400,000 grant for Walpole Woodworkers

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B4

LENGTH: 220 words

DATELINE: PITTSFIELD


Town councilors cleared the way Tuesday night for a $400,000 grant for one of
Pittsfield's businesses.

Walpole Woodworkers is planning a major expansion, bringing 40 jobs and part of
their out-of-state operation to the Industrial Park location.

The company makes wooden furniture and decorative items.

Town Manager Kathryn Ruth said the Somerset Economic Development Corp., Kennebec
Valley Council of Governments and the town of Pittsfield have been working with
Walpole to obtain the Community Development Block Grant.

Ruth explained that the town acts as the "pass through" agent, accepting the
money and then passing it on to Walpole under state guidelines.

A public hearing on the grant was set for May 18, at which time representatives
from Walpole and the assisting agencies will be on hand to answer questions.

The Town Council also set a second public hearing for that same date to borrow
$78,200 as the town's share of a $144,000 reconstruction project for Phillips
Corner Road. The project falls under the Rural Road Initiative Program and was
originally applied for in 2002.

In other business, the council:

.  Approved a liquor license for Green Apple Cafe on Main Street.

.  Agreed to bid out the town's telephone service.

.  Signed a letter of appreciation to Ryan and Thomas Fendler for the gift of
land near Mill Pond.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Obama Says He, Too, Is a Poverty Fighter;
In D.C., He Offers Contrast With Edwards

BYLINE: Alec MacGillis; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 848 words


While John Edwards was winding up a tour of America's most impoverished areas,
another Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.), came to
Anacostia yesterday to stake his own claim as a poverty warrior -- and to
present a vision for fixing struggling inner cities that directly challenges
that of Edwards.

In a speech at the Town Hall Education, Arts & Recreation Campus, or THEARC,
Obama did not mention the former North Carolina senator and trial lawyer who has
made poverty a centerpiece of his 2004 and 2008 presidential campaigns. But
Obama appeared to allude to Edwards in asserting his own authority as an
anti-poverty crusader, which he said was based in his work as a community
organizer in Chicago.

"This kind of poverty is not an issue I just discovered for the purposes of a
campaign. It is the cause that led me to a life of public service almost 25
years ago," he said.

Obama spoke on the day that Edwards finished his eight-state poverty tour in
Prestonsburg, Ky., the town that Robert F. Kennedy visited as part of his own
effort to highlight Appalachian poverty in the 1968 campaign. That two
candidates this year are vying for the anti-poverty mantle suggests that growing
economic inequality is an increasingly important issue for Democrats after many
years of pitching proposals toward the middle class.

To the Edwards campaign, Obama's move to address poverty is a sign that Edwards
has shifted the debate. "This is another example of Edwards leading on the
issues and other candidates following," campaign spokesman Eric Schultz said.

But the competing claims to the issue also underscore the deep divisions over
how best to solve the problem. Edwards has focused on the malignant effects of
the concentration of poverty in inner cities. He has argued for dispersing
low-income families by replacing public housing with a greatly expanded rental
voucher program to allow families to move where there are more jobs and better
schools.

"Too many Americans today are segregated in neighborhoods of concentrated
poverty -- many more than in 1968," he said yesterday in Prestonsburg. "These
families are cut off from opportunity -- far from good jobs and schools, far
from many examples of success, far from the bright light of America."

Although Obama offered some of the same proposals as Edwards, such as a
transitional jobs program and an expanded earned-income tax credit, he presented
a sharply different overall objective: fixing inner-city areas so they become
places where families have a shot at prospering, without having to move.

As an example, he cited the Harlem Children's Zone, an initiative that seeks to
improve one section of that New York neighborhood with an array of services,
including prenatal counseling, early childhood education and free medical
services. Obama urged replicating the program in 20 cities, which he estimated
would cost a few billion dollars a year. "If poverty is a disease that infects
the entire community in the form of unemployment and violence, failing schools
and broken homes, then we can't just treat those symptoms in isolation," he
said. "We have to heal that entire community."

There are downsides to both approaches, experts say. A federal experiment called
Moving to Opportunity found that families given vouchers to move out of
inner-city public housing reported improved health but few gains in earnings,
educational outcomes and the well-being of teenage boys. Those studying the
results say many families did not move far enough, possibly because of a lack of
affordable housing in better areas.

At the same time, many attempts to lift blighted areas have been unsuccessful,
which is one reason Edwards has argued for a more radical approach. There are
few examples of skill-development initiatives, beyond the Harlem one, that have
succeeded on the scale Obama proposes. He would increase funding for the
Community Development Block Grant program, but billions spent on jobs and
housing through the grants over the years have failed to turn around many areas.

The candidates' contrasting approaches to inner-city blight point to broader
differences in their perspective, said Greg Duncan, a Northwestern University
economist. Edwards grew up in rural North Carolina and often seems more
comfortable in rural settings than in urban ones, whereas Obama got his poverty
education on Chicago's South Side and speaks more freely about the cultural
underpinnings of urban ills, such as absent fathers.

"As a community organizer in his former life, I'm sure [Obama] has seen a lot of
the potential strength in communities as they are," Duncan said. "It's the
background and experience of the candidates that are leading to the different
approaches."

Several of those attending the Anacostia event said they took to heart Obama's
conviction that inner cities could be saved. "If people were to leave, the areas
where they were going would become saturated," said Renau Daniels, who was
visiting the District on behalf of a New Jersey-based foundation. "You want to
fix the problem rather than fleeing from it."

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Nikki Kahn -- The Washington Post; Sen. Barack Obama in
Southeast Washington. His rival John Edwards argues for dispersing people from
inner cities; Obama is proposing to bolster those areas.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            February 4, 2013 Monday

Fate of over 1,500 schools hangs in the balance

BYLINE:  Qurban Ali Khushik

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 34

LENGTH: 466  words


The Integrated Education Learning Programme (IELP), one of the biggest
initiatives of the Sindh Education Foundation (SEF), has been facing financial
trouble since last year.

Even though funds for the programme were promised by the Sindh chief minister
and provincial education minister, they haven't been received yet, trapping
around 1,500 schools between a rock and a hard place.

In 2009, over 1,500 low-cost schools were established in 23 districts of the
province under public-private partnership. They were set up by private
individuals or social organisations on a 16-month contract. The SEF and the
provincial education department had promised to release funds in the shape of
second grant on the condition that the programme had to be successful.

In a meeting of Sindh IELP school operators held in Bhan Saeedabad town of
Jamshoro district on Sunday, it was said that 8,000 teachers in these schools
had not been paid for the past eight months.

The IELP meeting was also attended by teachers and community members while
Community Development Council executive director Ibrahim Maznani, and heads more
than 30 different civil society organisations also attended the meeting under
the aegis of the Indus Rural Research Development Organization and the Community
Development Network.

The schools operators demanded that funds be released immediately by the Sindh
finance department so that the process of educating poor children in remote
districts of Sindh could continue.

Participants in the meeting said that a meeting of the SEF board of directors
was held on August 24, 2012. The Sindh chief minister presided over the meeting
while provincial education minister also attended it. The participants said that
it had been decided that the schools being run under the IELP would be
regularised and registered by the Sindh education department.

However, they said, seven months had passed since the meeting but no financial
support had been extended and this was worrying the school entrepreneurs,
teachers and also students. If the funds were not transferred soon, warned
participants, it will cause panic among the stakeholders who will not be able to
sustain the schools risking the education of more than 250,000 children in the
province.

School owners said that they had leased land and constructed rooms and washrooms
in their schools according to the SEF requirements. They said that they had
visited peoples' houses to create awareness regarding education but when the
project had become to get popular among the people, its funds were stopped. They
owners said that they hadn't received funds from July 2012.

School owners and teachers appealed to the chief minister, provincial education
minister and the education secretary to take necessary action and release funds
immediately.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 25, 2014 Friday

Utah: MacArthur, Partners Award $29 Million for Global Secondary Education

LENGTH: 409  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

To that end, the partnership announced grants to twenty-three projects working
to provide learning opportunities and life and livelihood skills for underserved
youth between the ages of 12 and 19 in East Africa, Nigeria, and India, with a
particular focus on girls. Grant recipients include the Education Development
Center in Rwanda, which was awarded $5.1 million to provide Rwandan secondary
students with work-readiness skills and school-to-work transition support and to
incorporate those programs into the secondary education system nationwide; the
Kenya Community Development Foundation, which will receive $750,000 to scale the
Global Give Back Circle model in Kenya; the Global Fund for Children, which was
awarded $650,000 to identify and strengthen innovative, cost-effective
secondary-level alternative education models that address barriers to access and
quality learning outcomes for adolescent girls in conflict-affected regions of
northern and western Uganda; and the Bixby Center for Population, Health, and
Sustainability at the University of California, Berkeley, which, in partnership
with the Center for Girl Child Education, will receive $600,000 to pilot an
educational enrichment program that combines school- and community-based safe
spaces for school-aged girls in rural communities outside of Zaria City in
Kaduna, Nigeria.

The additional funding pledged for 2015 will support initiatives targeting
economically disadvantaged and marginalized youth between the ages of 12 and 19
will be focused on projects that pilot new approaches, bring successful models
to scale, and research critical questions with respect to increasing demand for
secondary-level learning, improving teacher skills, and promoting
employment-relevant skills and alternative education models.

"With our partners, MacArthur's support for these innovative projects reflects
our belief that more education for girls improves their lives and benefits
society," said MacArthur Foundation president Robert Gallucci. "Girls with
higher levels of education on average marry later, have smaller families,
survive childbirth at higher rates, experience reduced incidences of HIV/AIDS,
have children more likely to survive to age 5, earn more, and contribute to
higher rates of economic growth at the national level."

For further information please visit: http://www.philanthropynewsdigest.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 28, 2006 Thursday

Regional tourism group hires grants manager

BYLINE: Karen Vigil, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Sep. 28--A Southeast Colorado regional tourism group has contracted with a Las
Animas consultant to manage the $356,900 in grants the region has been awarded
to develop a heritage tourism campaign.

Dwight Gardner, chairman of the Southeast Colorado Regional Tourism Group and
Crowley County commissioner, said the consultant, Kathryn S. Finau, "has
demonstrated a passion for developing tourism in Southeast Colorado."

Finau is founder and president of KSF Strategic Services.

"Her involvement has been key in raising the funding to position Southeast
Colorado as a tourism destination," Gardner said. "We are pleased that she has
agreed to continue to work with us for our continued success."

Finau said she is honored to be selected.

"I have great admiration for the (tourism) group's contribution to developing
sustainable local economies by creating this partnership," she said. "Southeast
Colorado has amazing authenticity with its historical and natural diversity that
are important assets for drawing tourists to the area."

In her new role with the tourism group, Finau will:

Administer grants.

Write proposals for additional funding to meet the program objectives.

Identify strategies and an organizational structure to sustain a regional
tourism initiative.

Gather local data to develop regional marketing materials.

Meet with communities to identify elements important for enhancing the local
tourism experience.

Support one or more consultants that will be hired to address the scope of work
as stated in the grants.

Finau recently started the KSF Strategic Services consulting firm to provide
grant writing and administration services, as well as organizational and
community development guidance.

She served as executive director of the Bent County Development Foundation from
2002-06. In that role, she and other regional economic development agencies
initiated a regional campaign that was awarded $356,900.

The money is to be used for the development of a regional tourism strategic
plan, heritage site assessment and marketing campaign.

Finau, who has a master's degree in nonprofit management, has experience
developing domestic and international community development programs.

The tourism group is made up of area chambers of commerce, economic development
and cultural organizations, businesses, tourism sites, elected officials, state
and federal partners, and the six area counties of Baca, Prowers, Kiowa, Bent,
Otero and Crowley.

The group works to position Southeastern Colorado as a tourism destination and
to encourage lengthier visitor stays in the region.

For more information, Contact: Kathryn S. Finau, Project Manager, KSF Strategic
Services, 1840 W. Ambassador Thompson Blvd., Las Animas, CO 81054; 719-469-8818;
ksfinau@rural-com.com .

Copyright (c) 2006, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060928-PB-0928-Regional-tourism-group-hires-grants-manager

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2006 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            September 6, 2010 Monday

Rural grocery stores fading into historySince 2006, 82 out of 213 stores have
closed

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1608 words


By Jan Biles

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

ALMA - July wasn't a good month for Alma Food Mart.

The electric bill was $7,300. That was on top of a crushing refrigeration repair
bill of $9,700 in July and August.

"When you have to pay this, it's hard to keep food on the shelves and compete
with the big boys," James Puff, owner of the grocery store, said.

Alma Food Mart, like many grocery stores in small, rural Kansas towns, is
struggling to keep its doors open.

In 2006, there were 213 grocery stores in rural Kansas communities, said David
Procter, director of the Center for Engagement and Community Development at
Kansas State University. Since then, 82 have closed.

"Once the grocery store is gone, the closing or consolidation of the school
often is not far behind," Procter said. "And without a grocery store and a
school, a community will typically have trouble attracting new residents, and
that means property values also will decline."

Puff, who also owns Maple Hill Market and Puffy's Steak and Ice House in Maple
Hill, purchased the Alma grocery three years ago. He replaced refrigerators,
added more inventory and put in a commercial kitchen, which purchases its
supplies from the grocery store.

While the business has loyal customers, Puff said many residents in the
Wabaunsee County town of 700 travel out of town to purchase food and other items
at big-box stores or large-scale groceries. He said the cost of travel in time
and money erodes any savings they may have achieved.

The American Automobile Association reports the cost of driving a car is 56
cents a mile. That means the minimal cost for a 52-mile round trip from Alma to
Manhattan is $29.12; a 76-mile round trip from Alma to Topeka would cost at
least $42.56.

"They'll spend $30 to save a dollar," Puff said. "Is it practical? No, it's
not."

When gas prices soared to $4 a gallon, he said, Alma Food Mart saw a bump in
sales.

Additionally, for every $100 spent within a community, $45 stays there and is
circulated up to seven times, according to Leah Tsoodle, K-State Research and
Extension agricultural economist and researcher.

For every $100 spent outside the community, she said, about $15 is likely to
return to the community.

Puff said small, rural grocery stores can't afford to buy trailer loads of
products like Walmart, Dillons or Hy-Vee, which allows the larger stores to
slash prices.

Many small-town grocers in Kansas buy inventory from Affiliated Foods Midwest in
Norfolk, Neb. Procter said the distributor requires the grocers to buy $10,000
worth of food each week.

"They (Affiliated Foods) can't afford to stop and drop off $100 worth of food,"
Procter said.

To meet the minimal purchase requirement, he said, some small-town grocery
stores consolidate their purchases or regional distributors, like Fanestil S&S
Quality Meats in Emporia and Joe Smith Co. in Pittsburg, buy large quantities
from Affiliated Foods and then distribute the products to several stores.

But the bottom line, Puff said, is residents need to support their hometown
businesses.

"The problem with grocery stores in rural communities is people don't support
them and then whine when they close or talk about closing," he said. "It's not
just grocery stores. It's all rural businesses."

Identifying the issues

Soon after the Center for Engagement and Community Development was created in
2006, Procter said, staff began receiving phone calls, e-mails and letters from
grocery store owners, elected officials and nonprofit agencies letting them know
one of the most pressing issues in rural Kansas was grocery sustainability.

Although no one at the center had a background in that area, Procter said the
staff decided to look at the issue based on three reasons:

n\u2002Economics. Grocery stores can be one of the largest employers in a small
town and a source for local taxes that fund community projects.

n\u2002Public health. Research shows if people don't have access to fresh,
nutritious foods there is a higher rate of obesity, hypertension, diabetes and
other health issues.

n\u2002Community sustainability. A grocery store is one of the five critical
elements of small-town infrastructure. The other elements are a post office,
churches, a cafe and school.

"If you're missing one of these, it means your town is struggling," Procter
said.

The center received a U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development grant in
2007 to do a survey of all rural grocery store owners in Kansas and to host a
summit to talk about the survey's results. The survey asked the grocers about
the challenges they encountered, strategies to address those challenges, types
of services provided, the average amount spent by customers per visit and other
questions.

Procter said the survey was sent to 213 grocery stores in Kansas communities
with 2,500 or fewer residents, which is the federal definition of "rural." About
40 percent of the surveys were returned.

The following year, about 70 rural grocery store owners gathered in Inman for a
summit sponsored by Kansas State University and the Kansas Sampler Foundation, a
nonprofit foundation dedicated to preserving rural Kansas. The attendants were
surveyed. Later, the center conducted in-depth interviews with five rural
grocery store owners.

Procter said the center compiled all of the information gathered by staff and
identified seven challenges faced by small, rural grocery stores: competition
with big-box stores; operating costs; labor issues; governmental regulations;
lack of community support; low sales volume; and meeting minimum buying
requirement.

The results of the study were posted at the center's Rural Grocery Initiative
website, www.ruralgrocery.org. Also at the website are "Best Practices" white
papers on how to address some of those challenges and a Grocers Forum, where
rural grocery store owners and others can share information, ask questions, find
resources and collaborate.

Procter said the center's work during the past three years culminated in June
when a Rural Grocery Store Summit was held in Manhattan. In attendance were
about 200 people, including grocery store owners, representatives of
governmental agencies, food distributors, owners of businesses connected to
grocery stores.

"This issue has really resonated with people all over the country," he said,
adding that the center has been contacted by people in nearly every state, as
well as Gambia, Mexico and Canada. "So many rural communities are struggling to
keep their grocery stores intact."

Small-town strategies

Burlingame, an Osage County town with a population of about 1,000, lost its only
grocery in early 2005. Now residents buy groceries at the local convenience
store or drive to Harveyville, Osage City or Topeka to shop.

"You can't run down to the store to get a dozen eggs," city clerk Patty Gilbert
said.

Gilbert said several factors played into the grocery store's demise: low sales;
high maintenance costs associated with aging equipment; and elderly owners.
Plus, it had to compete against the draw of big-box stores and large grocery
chains in neighboring towns.

"I hear someone every day talk about the loss of the grocery store," she said.

Gilbert said the Burlingame City Council recently decided to adopt K-State's
Rural Grocery Initiative survey and is distributing it to about 4,000 people in
Burlingame and its surrounding area. A town meeting to discuss the survey's
findings has been scheduled in September.

"Our council is willing to do whatever is within reason (to get a grocery
store)," she said.

Robinson, a small rural community of about 200 in Brown County, also was willing
to do whatever it took to sustain a grocery store on its main street.

Greg Bryant, a Robinson resident, said a town meeting was held about 15 years
ago to determine the needs of the community and what it would take to keep the
town from dying. High on the list was a grocery store.

Townspeople formed the Robinson Community Building Association to sponsor
fundraising dinners, with proceeds going toward establishing a nonprofit,
volunteer-run grocery store.

The store opened in July 2001 and was stocked with a variety of items requested
by local residents. The store hires two teenagers to work on Sunday afternoons;
otherwise, it is staffed by about 18 volunteers.

Bryant said the store purchases its food from Hiawatha Thiftway, which gives
them a discount and doesn't have a minimum order requirement.

About four months ago, he said, the volunteers working at the store - many of
whom are retirees - were "exhausted and burned out" and wondered if the effort
was worth their time. An advertisement was placed in the local newspaper that
addressed the need for volunteers to keep the store open and targeted younger
residents who purchased their groceries at out-of-town stores.

"We got a strong response," Bryant said, adding many people were disturbed the
town might be losing its grocery store.

Money from grocery sales go back into the store - roof repairs will be needed
soon - or used to help other community organizations, such as the Boy Scouts.

"It is not a money-maker, but it is a public service," he said.

Back in Alma, Puff is trying to figure out what he can do to boost sales at his
grocery store while continuing to provide the best customer service possible.
But he knows the key is getting residents to shop locally rather than at larger
groceries or big-box stores in nearby towns.

If the grocery closes, he believes other businesses will soon follow.

"The small town's destiny is in their own hands," he said. "Every time a
business closes, it affects other businesses in town. It's the domino effect."

Jan Biles can be reached

at (785) 295-1292

or jan.biles@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Lebanon Reporter (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: Lebanon group wins state designation

BYLINE: The Lebanon Reporter, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 220 words


Oct. 22--The Heart of Lebanon has been designated an Indiana Main Street
program.

Operated by the Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs, Indiana Main
Street provides cities and towns with grants, advice and training that help
energize their downtown districts.

"It's been a long and sometimes bumpy road, but it's finally happening," Joe
LePage, Lebanon's communications and community development director, said in an
email announcing the designation.

An event to celebrate the achievement is being planned, he said.

The Heart of Lebanon is a volunteer organization dedicated to supporting retail
business in downtown Lebanon.

Much of the organization's focus can be finalized once the Indiana Main Street
initiative is official, LePage said.

"Some of the group's options include, but aren't limited to, sidewalks, to
increase curb appeal, facades, and beautification, including flowers and
signage," he said. "It will be up to the group, with the help of the state, to
decide which avenue to explore."

The Heart of Lebanon is a 501(c)3 organization, LePage said, so it will be
seeking additional funding, to help maintain the organization and its future
projects.

___ (c)2015 The Lebanon Reporter (Lebanon, Ind.) Visit The Lebanon Reporter
(Lebanon, Ind.) at www.reporter.net Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151022-IL-BRF-Lebanon-group-wins-state-designation-1022-20151022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IL


                      Copyright 2015 The Lebanon Reporter


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Why I did collabo with Good Women Choir's Mrs Fasoyin -Tope Sobowale, gospel
singer

BYLINE: Uche Atuma

LENGTH: 1851 words


Notice: Undefined index: layout_id in
/var/www/vhosts/sunnews/wp-content/themes/fastnews/library/front.ph p on line
1663
By Christine Onwuachumba Omotope Sobowale believes that charity should begin
from the rural communities. In the past three years, she has been engaged in
community and youth development activities. This she is doing alongside her
budding career as a gospel artist. Sobowale's Rural Development Initiative
(RUDI), which started in 2013, has seeing well over 500...

By Christine Onwuachumba

Omotope Sobowale believes that charity should begin from the rural communities.
In the past three years, she has been engaged in community and youth development
activities. This she is doing alongside her budding career as a gospel artist.
Sobowale's Rural Development Initiative (RUDI), which started in 2013, has
seeing well over 500 children being awarded scholarship in primary and secondary
schools.
However, the Mass Communication graduate recently did a duet with septuagenarian
gospel singer, Mrs. D.A Fasoyin of the Good Women Choir fame. She speaks to TS
Weekend about her projects.

Let's talk about your music talent, where did it come from?
I have always been a singer. My uncle whom I lived with says I never shut my
mouth, I was always singing. Interestingly, I never thought of music as a
career. In the choir, while in the university, it always came up. But when I got
married, things changed and I began to see the reality. When I came out of NYSC,
there was no job for a pregnant woman. So, I had to look inwards to see what I
could do. Luckily, I had a band in the university. I thought of what to do while
also trying to further my education. I went to Pan African University where I
got a certificate in Advanced Writing and Reporting, yet nobody was willing to
give me a job.
Then, I started doing Mcee and Alaga Ijoko (hostess) at traditional weddings.
Suddenly, I changed location from Ogun to Lagos State after marriage. No one
knew me and it was really tough. I love singing Christian music, so I formed a
band called The Praise and gradually we got noticed. We have between 10 and 12
people in the band. Along the line, I lost interest in getting a job and that
was it.

Does your husband play any role in the band?
Yes, he plays the piano but we cannot pay him. My husband would tell me
jokingly, 'I am not your keyboardist; get that straight'. He has been a great
pillar of support. He has been part of every vision like my going back to
school. I am a mother of two boys with a first degree in Mass Communication from
Olabisi Onabanjo University. Right now, I am doing my PhD in Christian
Leadership Studies. My husband told me that even though I am not looking for a
job, I should have a vision of being relevant. So, I have a vision and passion
for nation building. For the past three years, I have been into community
development and I run an NGO called Rural Development Initiative (RUDI). We
started in 2013 and we have sponsored children in schools. The project reaches
out to the less privileged who are rural based. We go to schools to talk to the
children and sponsor their education. The education is free but they still pay
PTA levies. However, some are so challenged that they can't even pay (the
levies). So, we pay for them.

How do you reach out to your targets?
I look out for intelligent children, most especially, those from poor
background. I have always wanted to do something as a young girl, I have always
wanted to reach out to neighbours that were less privileged. Interestingly, I
went to school thinking it was all about going to school. It was not until
around 2012 that the whole idea started coming back again. The focus is not just
on children but also on the community and the people. We also do community
health outreach. We take doctors to the community and offer free medical
services to the people.

Which were some of the cases that made you happy?
Our first outreach was one of the most interesting moments for us. We never
thought it was going to be anything huge. We had over 300 people to attend to
and we ran out of medication. That year, we did not prepare food for them. That
really challenged us to go back because we could only attend to a hundred plus.
The community in question is in Yewa North Local Government Area of Ogun State.

What are some of the challenges you encountered?
Acceptance is not an issue for me because I started from my hometown, convincing
the people that it is actually free. Some thought that there was a motive for
doing this and they would ask if there is a political agenda and so on. I don't
have a political agenda; it is a mission.

Is this your first album?
No, it is my second album. The first album came as an inspiration and it is
titled, Forever Grateful. It is about being grateful to God for all that He has
done for me. I would say that marriage took me not just by surprise, it was also
not what I thought or imagined. In spite of the odds, God sustained me. I did
not lose my mind, my personality, my ideals and focus. I was grateful for that
and I encouraged others to be thankful to God. The second album was like a come
back. God told me He would give me songs. At this point, I was married; I had
left the choir and moved to the children's church because I was nursing babies.
Then the songs started coming and we did an album. This particular song, Ilu Yi
Atura, meaning this country would be better, came as a surprise. I went to the
studio to do an eight-track album. About a month later, I was wondering about
the state of the economy and how things had become so expensive when I
exclaimed, 'ilu yi atura ko ni lekoko mo mi' (This country would be better, it
won't be hard on me). My husband quickly asked where I got that line from, and I
said nowhere. He said it was a good one even though it was someone's original
song. My husband then advised me to go for the

Is your husband also in the same field with you?
No. He is a business analyst, a problem solver. We met at a choir rehearsal and
we went to the same secondary school. At school, he was our keyboardist. He
didn't know me then but I knew him from a distance. Music finally brought us
together.

How do you combine music with the other things that you do?
My PhD programme is on and the NGO has a structure. We know the programmes that
we have per quarter. I know when I am going to each community and I know when I
am to do what. I have a number of people who work with me voluntarily. The
report that we have is great and we have reached out to some students with
scholarships, but we want to do more. Seeing some of the children interacting
better, sometimes I wish we could take them all the way to the university.

At what point did you meet Mrs D.A Fasoyin, the lead vocalist of the Good Women
Choir, who sang the original song, Ilu Yi Atura?
I knew I couldn't go ahead with someone else's song. So meeting her was the
first thing to do, to tell her my vision and how I wanted to work with her. Her
reaction was good and pleasant. My fear was would she want someone to change the
message? Would she buy into the vision and the new message, which has a lot to
do with the mood of the nation right now? She has been quite supportive and her
voice is in the song. We took the first verse together, then I did the second
and she did the third, leading us into the chorus. It is actually a dream come
true. I felt very good and Mrs Fasoyin is also happy to be part of it.

What about the parents of these children, do you assist them in some way?
Yes, we do community health outreach, we take medical doctors to the community
and offer free medical services to the people. Most of the parents are farmers,
so my NGO will be working alongside the Ogun State Ministry of Rural and Urban
Development. We hope to take them to the communities to talk to the farmers
about mechanised farming, which is part of the Heal Our Land projects that I'm
doing a theme song for. We believe there is famine, food shortages and all that.
Therefore, we will teach these people how to be better farmers.

Do you think there are enough NGOs that are into rural community development?
I don't know if there are enough, but for me, I went into NGO to complement
whatever the government is doing. I look at it as a supplement, and to also
bring to the attention of the government what is happening in the rural areas;
what they may not see, because honestly, they are not doing enough. In fact, we
need to work together with the government. In the past, we worked with the Ogun
State Ministry of Health; we distributed mosquito nets and malaria drugs to some
communities.

You are definitely touching a key area with your NGO. What has been the impact
on the communities you have been to?
Enlightenment. You will be amazed at the level of ignorance and setbacks these
people are going through. But most fulfilling for me is the happiness these
children have and feel when they know they will be attending school the next
term. The fear of not being sent away from school because their parents can't
afford to pay their school fees, believe me, it transforms their lives. Right
now, two schools are under our scholarship scheme, we intend to extend it to
others if we get enough funds. The principal of these schools always tell my
volunteers and I that we are lifesavers.

Back to your musical collaboration, what was Mama Fasoyin's initial reaction
when you told her you wanted to remix her song?
Pleasant. My initial fear was would she allow someone to change the message to
another message entirely? I was really surprised, pleasantly surprised when she
gave me the go ahead. She said it is a good vision and she would like to support
it, and she has been true to her words. She said my lyrics truly captured the
spirit of what the nation is going through presently. Mama Fasoyin's version is
a New Year song, thanking God for the past year, but mine is talking about the
present. I remixed the chorus, adding the dimension of the change we are going
through, and how tough things are now. I also added that this country would get
better while also encouraging Nigerians not to give up, not to lose hope.

Do you have people you admire or as mentors?
Yes. I have people I admire. My parents. I praise them for their hard work, and
for their shortcomings. It is a challenge for me. I don't look down on them for
whatever they are not able to achieve. I also admire Pastor Adeboye.

FORMER bald guy reveals #1 trick to regrow hair in 19 days

23 yrs boy started importation with N10,450. Read his story here!

How to get flat belly in just 9 days. Click Here

Grow your money by 30% monthly. It's guaranteed. Click here

7 simple steps to earn N300,000 monthly online working 2hrs daily

Stretch marks solutions clears stretch marks in 2 weeks. Guaranteed!

Housewife reveals how to turn N9,500 into N100,000 monthly. Click Here

Loose 10kg in 2weeks with this NAFDAC approved supplement. Get free waisttrimer

Stretch & spot marks removed in 9 days. Click to see how

Get paid at least N8,500 daily working online. Register here!

Discover how to make money daily when people buy airtime worldwide

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Zuma trust now set to assist Eastern Cape students

BYLINE: Lizeka Tandwa

SECTION: EDUCATION

LENGTH: 393 words


Organisation launched in KZN to improve educational opportunities in needy
communities spreads to province
  HERALD REPORTER
 EASTERN Cape pupils will now benefit from the Jacob Zuma RDP Education Trust
which is aimed at improving educational opportunities for disadvantaged pupils.


 The trust was launched in KwaZulu Natal in 1993 and officially registered in
that province in 1998, to help primary and high school pupils in rural areas
break out of the poverty cycle. Its objective is to offer opportunities for
higher education to promising rural youth as well as offer support to
principals, teachers and local residents who show initiative and passion for
rural children. The trust was launched in the Eastern Cape last month.
 Its Eastern Cape district trustee Nolthando Gaso said: "We want to reach where
the government has not been able to. We focus mainly on schools because this is
the critical area in a child's educational development."
 Gaso said the trust was trying to get teachers in the province to help identify
likely candidates.
 "We will spend a lot of energy trying to raise awareness for the trust and
doing our best to meet the needs of the children."
 The trust also includes students in its aims.
  "Because there are a lot of bursaries offered for tertiary education, we offer
bursaries only to those who cannot afford first-year studies. We then refer them
to other organisations at the university, technikon or college for funding,"
Gaso said.
 "We are working with the newly formed Rural Development Department which will
help to spread our message in the rural areas.
 "We are independently funded by members of the business community - we normally
ask the chambers of commerce for assistance (in this respect)."
  Should the trust not be able to help a child, it would refer them to other
relevant organisations, Gaso said. Preference was given to those studying in
fields that underpin rural development objectives, such as science, engineering,
community development, information technology, health, tourism, and urban and
regional planning.
 Eastern Cape Education Department spokesman Loyiso Pulumani said: "We welcome
this trust to the province as it will help with the infrastructure backlog that
we are currently experiencing here."
 Gaso said applications for assistance for next year could be made through the
trust's website.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South-West News (Australia)

                             July 8, 2009 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Building on wealth of culture

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 295  words


Community services group Inala Wangarra wants to transform Inala into an
indigenous cultural capital. Board member Chelsea Bond spoke to Christopher
O'Leary during last Friday's NAIDOC celebrations about the association's hopes
and dreams.

INALA Wangarra treasurer Chelsea Bond is excited about her organisation's
future.

Recently Brisbane City Council provided Inala Wangarra with $43,700 to develop a
project to assist Inala's indigenous community.

Mrs Bond said Inala Wangarra could use the funding to implement strategy and
chase grants to develop employment opportunities.

One goal would be building a business to sell Inala's indigenous capital, she
said.

``We have the largest indigenous community in Brisbane, but our community sector
isn't as strong,'' Mrs Bond said.

``We have cultural identity here no less than some of the rural areas, and we
have people who offer the cultural experience non-indigenous people want.''

Inala Wangarra has provided indigenous employment and social services since
2003, and Mrs Bond said the organisation now wanted to improve programs such as
its community engagement project, which trained security officers last year for
Inala's Stylin'UP Festival.

``We started off doing little things, but now we have to be more strategic,''
she said. ``We're moving away from that welfare mentality towards community
development. To focus on what we have and to build existing services rather than
our community falling into despair.

``Inala Wangarra wants to support the community to set up their own businesses
that can fund community initiatives so we're not so reliant on grant rounds.''

Mrs Bond said Inala Wangarra would use the funding to employ a project officer
and develop their plans, which she hoped would be ready by the middle of 2010.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SWN


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               South Wales Argus

                              July 20, 2015 Monday

EU exit would have "catastrophic consequences" for Wales says Rebecca Evans

BYLINE: Jo Barnes

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 427 words


Ahead of this week's Royal Welsh Agriculture Show, Deputy Minister for Farming
and Food, Rebecca Evans reiterated her concerns for the future of the farming
industry in Wales in the event of an out vote in the forthcoming referendum on
membership of the European Union.

With payments under CAP worth £240m to our farmers each year, the Deputy
Minister said that cessation of this funding without any realistic prospect of
the same level of domestic replacement from the UK Government, or of a
sufficient period of time to allow farm businesses to mitigate the financial
loss, would be hugely damaging to the industry.

The Deputy Minister said: "I have followed with interest the many discussions on
European membership in the media and have been alarmed at the number of
commentators who naively believe agriculture would see a reduction in so called
'red tape' and that the industry would continue to receive the same level of
financial support were we to leave the EU.

"In fact, withdrawal from the EU, and the impact that this would undoubtedly
have in respect of the CAP, would be catastrophic for Welsh agriculture."

The Deputy Minister officially launched Welsh Government Rural Communities -
Rural Development Programme 2014 - 2020 (RDP).

The £900m programme is co-funded by the Welsh Government and the European Union,
and the Deputy Minister announced that several new and important initiatives
were to open during show week.

Rebecca Evans has announced that three of those support mechanisms totalling
£20m of support, the Sustainable Production Grant, Food Business Investment
Scheme and Rural Community Development Fund, are open from today, and she
highlighted the importance of a collaborative approach with the agriculture
industry to ensure that the outcomes sought are fully realised.

She said, "Last week I launched Welsh Government Rural Communities which will be
more ambitious, innovative, and adaptable than previous programmes and will
stimulate rural economies, enhance our natural resources and make a lasting
difference to the lives of people all over Wales.

"This programme is a fantastic opportunity to support rural Wales and it further
demonstrates the benefits of our EU membership. The previous RDP has already
invested nearly £800 million into Welsh communities and rural business and I am
determined to make the most of these opportunities. If we were to leave the EU
our efforts to support our farmers and to realise our shared vision of a modern,
professional, and prosperous farming industry in Wales, would be severely
disadvantaged."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Times

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

Fund applications open

SECTION: THREE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 257 words


ARARAT - The $50,000 Ararat Sustainable Communities Fund is now open and calling
for applications from community groups operating in the Ararat Rural City.

Pacific Hydro's general manager, Australia, Lane Crockett, encouraged community
groups implementing socially and environmentally sustainable projects to submit
an application before September 18.

"The Fund is designed to support a wide range of initiatives and all local
community groups and organisations who require funding should consider
applying," said Mr Crockett.

To assist community groups with the application process, Pacific Hydro is
hosting a drop-in workshop at the Gum San Chinese Heritage Centre today, between
10am and 4pm.

"The workshop is an opportunity for community groups to run their project ideas
past our community engagement co-ordinator and ensure they are submitting the
best possible application," said Mr Crockett.

Ararat Rural City Council community development co-ordinator, Angela Hunt will
also be available at the workshop to discuss the Council's grant process.

Applications are accepted across five funding areas - sport, art, health and
safety, environment and education.

If your community group is working on projects that support local sustainability
and you're looking for funding, why not download an application form and the
Fund guidelines by visiting Pacific Hydro's website pacifichydro.com.au or
contact Chloe Carpenter, on 03 8621 6428. Applications must be received by 5pm
Tuesday, September 18, 2012 to be considered in this year's round of funding.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Mid Somerset Series

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 191  words


Cheddar Parish Council is inviting local groups to apply for grants of up to
£500 in its annual small grants award scheme.

The council say that this year a total of £5,000 is available to help fund
projects that will benefit the community. Voluntary, community and
not-for-profit organisations may apply, including registered charities, churches
and schools.

Up to 50 percent of the cost of projects will be funded and applicants must show
how the balance will be raised.

The council will support a diverse range of projects including, but not
exclusively, the promotion of community development and self-help, meeting gaps
in services, support for the rural heritage, reducing crime or the fear of crime
and developing new initiatives.

Awards are made for the benefit of people living in the parish of Cheddar and
must be spent within one year. Application forms are available from the clerk to
the parish, Parish Hall, Church Street, Cheddar, BS27 3RA.

Tel 01934 743217 or email clerk@cheddarparishcouncil.org

Forms can also be downloaded from the website at cheddarparishcouncil.org. The
deadline for submission of applications is March 31, 2017.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Derry Journal

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

Funding boost for community groups in Derry

LENGTH: 551  words


The Community Foundation for Northern Ireland's Acorn Fund has announced the
list of grantees set to benefit from its three funding programmes.

This first round of funding will support several innovative community arts and
culture projects across County Derry and will also enable six individual awards
to young people.

Thirteen projects will be supported through the Legacy Grants and The Acorn
Giving Circle, while Inspire Bursaries of up to £3,000 have been awarded to six
young people with disabilities, allowing them to pursue training in the arts.

Supported by the Big Lottery Fund, the 2013 City of Culture Legacy Grants were
awarded to eight wide-ranging quality arts and culture initiatives across the
county.

The Nerve Centre will work with Artichoke, the creative minds behind last year's
light spectacular, Lumiere, and local communities, to deliver a public light
performance by internationally renowned artist David Best, entitled Temple'.

The installation will include a repository for visitor messages and testimonies
of personal and collective stories.

Guildhall Press will re-establish one of the City of Culture's 2013 key
community projects, Portrait of a City. The publishing company will continue to
engage the public and build on the digital photographic and film archive by
hosting several collection days across the summer.

Other recipients of the Legacy Grant include; the Foyle Down Syndrome Trust,
Glasgowbury Rural Key Programme, Learmount Community Development Group Ltd (Park
Village), Liberty Consortium and the North West Play Resource Centre.

These projects will aim to promote health and well-being within their
communities, help young people to break marginalisation patterns and address
rural isolation.

A further five county-wide community groups will benefit from The Acorn Giving
Circle (AGC), entirely funded by a group of local philanthropists dedicated to
helping improve the lives of children and young people in the Derry City Council
area.

A grant of £500 was awarded to the pupils of Holy Family Primary and Nursery
School, which allowed them to travel to the world famous Royal Albert Hall for
an once-in-a-lifetime performance, after winning the Barnardo's National Choir
of the Year competition earlier this year. Another £500 will help towards the
cost of Extern's horticulture project for young people aged 10 - 17 living in
residential care or in custody.

Speaking about the allocation of funding, Shauna Kelpie, Acorn Fund Development
Officer said: It is such an exciting time for the Acorn Fund to be at the point
where we can announce the first round of recipients for all three funding
programmes."

The Acorn Fund also announced the recipients of its Inspire Bursaries Programme.

Funded by the Paul Hamlyn Foundation UK, grants of up to £3000 have been awarded
to six young people with disabilities allowing them to pursue training in their
chosen arts.

Donna-Marie Duddy will use her bursary to produce her debut EP on a limited
edition 12" vinyl for release in the Autumn while Emma O'Kane will use the
bursary to pursue further her training in dance and performance.

All of the successful applicants will receive mentored support during and
following their award period from the Acorn Fund, and will in turn act as
mentors for future bursary recipients.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INJF


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose  These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility  Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where
the Kroger Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only
to programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so
with clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong
base of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding  Amount not specified
Application
process  Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions
of the company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on
the management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose  These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility  Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where
the Kroger Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only
to programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so
with clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong
base of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding  Amount not specified
Application
process  Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions
of the company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on
the management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose  These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility  Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where
the Kroger Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only
to programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so
with clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong
base of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding  Amount not specified
Application
process  Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions
of the company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on
the management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Utah: Kroger Company Foundation

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Kroger Company Foundation
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact  Foundation Administrator
The Kroger Co. Foundation
1014 Vine Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
Phone: 866.221.4141
Purpose  These grants aim to enhance the quality of life in communities with a
concentration of Kroger customers and employees.
Summary of eligible grant requests:

Local United Way campaigns
    Local educational organizations, primarily K-12 schools
    Local hunger relief organizations
    Local breast cancer and women's health initiatives
    Local organizations that support and promote the advancement of women and
minorities
    Local grassroots community organizations
    Capital campaigns, start-up grants, and funding for special projects

Eligibility  Only nonprofit organizations that serve the geographic areas where
the Kroger Company operates are eligible to apply. Support will be provided only
to programs that address a clearly identified need in the community and do so
with clearly defined goals and objectives. Organizations should reflect a strong
base of community support.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide, only in areas of company operations.
Amount of
funding  Amount not specified
Application
process  Proposals may be submitted at any time through the operating Divisions
of the company. The Foundation has no research staff and relies exclusively on
the management of Kroger operating units to make recommendations on the most
appropriate and effective use of Foundation resources in the communities they
serve. Proposals must include an IRS tax-exempt determination letter and should
include a statement of the reason for the request.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Children, Community development, Food and hunger,
Minorities, Schools, Women, Youth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             July 7, 2005, Thursday

DSD LOSSES STANDING AT OVER £100M

SECTION: Ulster Edition; NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 364 words


ESTIMATED losses of £112.3 million in the budget of the Department of Social
Development are highlighted in a report by the Northern Ireland Auditor General
today.

John Dowdall, who examined the accounts of the Province&s departments, said he
had been unable, again, to form an opinion to enable him to sign off the
financial statements of the DSD.

He said the estimated losses in Income Support and Jobseekers Allowance,
Disability Living Allowance and Housing Benefit were as a result of errors by
officials and customers and fraudulent claims for benefits.

This represents 3.2 per cent of the department&s total expenditure on benefits,
$ his report said.

Mr Dowdall pinpointed weaknesses in the financial control and monitoring of
grants paid to Registered Housing Associations.

Significant weaknesses in financial control and monitoring of urban regeneration
and community development grants to voluntary and community bodies, was also
reported.

Mr Dowdall also qualified his opinion on the Department of Health, Social
Services and Public Safety because of a material loss of income as a result of
patients incorrectly claiming exemption from health service charges$ . The total
loss of income in 2003-04 was estimated at between £7m and £9m.

However, the report noted that as a result of various initiatives taken by the
department, there had been a downward trend in the scale of potential losses in
recent years.

The report also had concerns about the Department of Employment and Learning,
where Mr Dowdall reported a lack of progress in the recovery from providers of
irregular expenditure of the Individual Learning Accounts scheme.

The Sports Council accounts for both 2001-02 and 2002-03 also suffered from
irregular expenditure on the Safe Sports Ground programme, the report said.

Payments totalling some £96,000 in 2001-02 were based on fraudulent
documentation and misrepresentations from applications, it said.

Weaknesses in the accountability framework between the Livestock and Meat
Commission and its sponsor, the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development,
had only recently been addressed, said the report.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2005 Century Newspapers Limited


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The News & Advance (Lynchburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 14, 2008 Wednesday

Lynchburg City Council hears nonprofits' pleas for funding

BYLINE: Alicia Petska, The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


May 14--Lynchburg City Council was asked to put its neediest citizens first
Tuesday as it prepares to divvy up its community development grant money.

"We've got to stop being stupid, and help the people that need the help," city
resident Mary Payne said during a public hearing Tuesday night.

Payne, a community advocate, was among 16 people who came forward to speak to
the issue. The hearing stretched out for an hour as speakers made their cases
for community programs and nonprofits they said would suffer or possibly face
dissolution without more support.

"The only government funds we'll receive for this program are these funds," said
Lisa Dibble, executive director of The Gateway, a transitional housing program.
"I appeal to you to help us stay open and continue what we do. We need our CDBG
funding."

The city is deciding how to apportion just more than $1 million from the federal
Community Development Block Grant program, which supports a variety of community
revitalization efforts.

City Council previously decided to put a hold on one-third of that money, making
this year's funding unusually tight.

The money is being set aside in the event the Bluffwalk Center, a

downtown business, is unable to make approaching payments on a federal loan
backed by the city. Last August, the city had to make a six-figure payment on
the debt on behalf of the hotel and restaurant.

A handful of speakers Tuesday criticized council's approach to the situation.

"No citizen should be denied needed services in order to help a corporation,"
James Gafford, president of the local NAACP, said. "These funds are designed to
help the community, not further the pockets of a few of us."

The needs of more than half a dozen specific agencies and programs were raised
during the hearing, including Amazement Square, the Jubilee Family Development
Center and the Fifth Street corridor renovations.

The greatest support went to the Lynchburg Redevelopment and Housing Authority,
which said it could not continue its blight abatement and rental housing
rehabilitation programs without CDBG money. Five speakers advocated on behalf of
those initiatives.

Council members did not offer any comments on the grant money following the
hearing. Their deliberations are set to start during a work session May 27.

To see more of The News & Advance, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsadvance.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The News & Advance, Lynchburg,
Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080514-LY-Lynchburg-City-Council-hears-nonprofits-pleas-for-funding-0514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LY


                       Copyright 2008 The News & Advance


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

Indiana County approves loan for startup brewery

BYLINE: Greg Reinbold, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words


July 17--Indiana County Commissioners took a step to support a new business and
approved a measure increasing the daily rate the Indiana County Jail charges to
house state inmates.

Commissioners voted to extend a $117,500 loan through the county office of
planning and development's revolving loan fund to a startup brewery. Levity
Brewing will be located in the former Gorrell Windows facility on Wayne Avenue
in White Township.

The loan has a term of 120 months at 2.75 percent interest, with the first six
months being interest-only. The brewery will create five full-time jobs,
including the three owners, according to the county's office of planning and
development. Co-owners Erich Walls, Jared Herman and Luke McKelvy said they hope
to open the brewery and brewpub to the public by early fall.

Commissioners approved a memorandum of understanding between the state and the
county that would increase the per diem payment from the state when the county
jail houses state inmates.

The jail had received $65 per day but will charge $75 per day under the new
plan. The per diem rate is negotiable yearly, according to jail warden Sam
Buzzinotti.

Commissioners approved signing off on a pair of emergency management grants and
a letter of support for a company seeking to bring broadband Internet access to
rural parts of the county.

The commissioners voted to sign off on the state Homeland Security grant, which
is managed by Allegheny County for distribution to 14 counties in Southwestern
Pennsylvania. The grant totals about $2.4 million. An Urban Area Security
Initiative grant, which is similarly distributed by Allegheny County to other
counties in the region, totals $1,746,890 according to county emergency
management director Tom Stutzman. This is the first year all counties involved
have been required to sign for the grants, Stutzman said. Previously only
Allegheny County need to sign, according to Stutzman.

In the letter to state officials, commissioners supported allowing broadband
provider In The Stix BB, LLC, of Cresson, to lease space on county public safety
radio towers in order to provide high-speed Internet to rural parts of the
county.

The commissioners approved a technical support agreement for the Communities at
Indian Haven that increases the monthly payment to Dadson Enterprises of Indiana
by $300. The agreement includes software updates and additional support
services.

Commissioners approved a pair of change orders on behalf of the planning and
development office. The first change order increased the contract with SE
Construction Group, LLC, by $10,354.10 for work on the Arcadia Water Treatment
Plant Project. The change order covers a variable frequency drive to accommodate
a three-phase raw water pump, additional valves and piping for a chemical feed,
two 120-volt on-demand pumps, capping a raw waterline to isolate an existing
building from the new system and a 60-day completion extension. The additional
project costs will be paid through 2013 Community Development Block Grant
competitive and entitlement funds.

The second change order totals $1,380 to Sheesley Electric to relocate the
electrical service entrance at the Clinton Street Commons homeless veterans
housing project from the front of the building to the back. The added costs will
be paid from one of the five funding sources for the project.

Greg Reinbold is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-459-6100, ext. 2913 or greinbold@tribweb.com

Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.

___ (c)2015 The Blairsville Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) Visit The Blairsville
Dispatch (Blairsville, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150717-DH-Indiana-County-approves-loan-for-startup-brewery-0717-20150717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2015 The Blairsville Dispatch


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       August 14, 2000, Monday, Edition 1

BOOSTING PROSPECTS IN PARADISE

BYLINE: Patricia Henderson

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1920 words


The neon-encrusted Regent Theatre anchors the main drag of
 Picton, which is the local cultural and government centre.

 countryside, but its farm-based economy has lagged. Now wine and
 wires hold promise of prosperity


 Brittany Thompson, 11, and brother James, 12, of Toronto, romp on
 dunes at Sandbanks Provincial Park, the region's main tourist
 draw.


 Island county building bridges to better times


PICTON - The economic landscape is changing in Prince Edward County.

Surrounded by Lake Ontario and the Bay of Quinte, the southeastern Ontario
island-region of 25,000 people is breaking out of its isolation in a move that
goes beyond the county's traditional agri-tourism industry.

Seasonal business, high unemployment and lack of new industries are forcing an
economic shift for the region, which lies just south of Belleville, Trenton and
Highway 401.

At the forefront of this looming transformation is an unlikely combination of
industries: wineries and wired services.

"There is a grape rush happening here," says Grant Howes, owner of The County
Cider Co., an estate winery specializing in hard ciders.

"We have all the right things as a wine-growing region - the geographical
orientation for sun, the moderating effect of the lake and an ideal soil for
grapes."

At the same time, local leaders have begun building what they hope will be the
county's on-ramp to the high-technology highway. They have formed a non- profit
organization, QNET Community Network, whose members are working to develop
network connectivity and increase bandwidth.

That effort has come none to soon to Prince Edward County, where taxes are low
and the landscape beautiful, but where, as Anne VanVlack, the project's manager,
acknowledges, "The telecommunications infrastructure . . . is similar to that
found in many Third World countries. We have become a bit of a digital desert."

That project is the most ambitious of several initiatives aimed at enticing
much-needed new industry, technology and job opportunity over the county's
bridges.

Right now, Prince Edward County is probably best known as the home of Sandbanks
Provincial Park, a major Ontario tourist attraction with one of the finest
fresh-water dune systems in the world.

Less known, but economically important, are Essroc Cement, based here and the
third-largest cement plant in Canada; the Wellington Mushroom Farm, the largest
mushroom producer in the country; and the award-winning Black River Cheese
Company.

The latter's presence underlines the fact that the county's agri-tourism
industry has blossomed in recent years, as urbanites have discovered the
region's unspoiled, agricultural landscape as well as the "fruits" the land
yields, from cheese to apples.

Recently, the Ontario Social Development Council, which monitors quality-of-
life issues, named the Quinte area (which includes Prince Edward County) as the
best place to live in Ontario.

But many hurdles remain.

One is to reinforce individual entrepreneurial efforts with an official county
strategy. Two years ago, the island's administration was restructured and the
Corporation of the County of Prince Edward was designated The City of Prince
Edward County (though few use the word "city" when they talk about the rural
area).

Until last year, the county got economic-development services through the
Community Development Corporation in Picton, a non-profit organization
established through Human Resources Development Canada to help stimulate social
and economic development.

The new municipality decided to bring those services in-house, but has been
struggling since last September to fill the position of economic development
officer.

'We have all the right things as a wine-growing region - the geographical
orientation for sun, the moderating effect of the lake and an ideal soil for
grapes' Some of those who have been attracted to the region acknowledge
 that building up the local economy will be a very long-term,
 incremental effort; among other things, many believe growth must
 be managed with care to maintain the region's charm and natural
 beauty.

 Honey King, owner of Honey's Bed and Breakfast in Bloomfield, moved to the
region from Toronto to launch Amazing Loyalist Country Adventure, a September
weekend during which the doors of farms, factories, artisan studios, museums and
even private homes are opened to the public.

She hopes people will be enticed here, as she was, by "the peaceful farms, small
towns, quaint shops and friendly people. This county just wraps itself around
you."

Another effort to make economic hay from the county's agriculture and tourism
mix is a marketing and promotion project called Taste the County, a three- year
venture funded in part by the Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural
Affairs. The initiative also has 200 individuals, businesses and groups who
contribute financially, and so are partners in the marketing of Prince Edward
County.

"We realized just how much more we have to open up to people when 90 per cent of
those who came to our booth thought we must be from Prince Edward Island!"
Rebecca LeHeup-Bucknell, project manager for Taste the County, said after
attending the Ottawa Travel and Vacation Show this spring.

"People just two hours down the road didn't even know they had an island county
in their backyard."

One of the goals of Taste the County is to create more entry-level jobs for
youth, and so far the signs are positive. Unemployment here is typically higher
than the rest of Ontario; 1996 statistics show Picton with an unemployment rate
of 15.4 per cent. But the Picton Gazette reported last week that the region's
welfare caseload - an indicator if not a strictly comparable figure - has
declined 51 per cent in the last five years.

The sign of recovery is welcome. The county suffered a serious blow a few years
ago when 300 jobs vanished with the shutdown of Prince Edward Heights, a
Ministry of Community and Social Services facility for the mentally challenged.

For decades, the relatively short tourism season and unpredictable winters have
made it difficult for both young and old to find winter employment.

Less obvious factors also handicap economic growth, even among firms with jobs
to offer.

Says John Porritt, president of Lissom Inc., a consulting firm in the field of
groundwater: "It's been a problem getting young grads to move across the bridge.
There's not much of a social life for them, especially in the winter. And it's
hard to find apartments for single professionals."

On top of that, many of the senior residents, who form more than 31 per cent of
the population, go south in the cold weather.

LeHeup-Bucknell says more than 500,000 people pass through Prince Edward County
from May to September, "but then 40 per cent of the businesses close in the
winter. We are trying to increase the shoulder season."

So the region is now pinning its economic hopes on wine and wired services.

Grant Howes is the owner of The County Cider Co., an estate winery in Waupoos
that specializes in hard ciders.

His parents bought the place as an apple farm, and this is his sixth year
successfully producing cider, but now he is moving into grape growing.

The area has an estimated 3,000 hectares of good grape-growing land, but fewer
than 50-70 are under cultivation, according to Waupoos Estate Winery's Ed
Neuser. So, the room for growth is there.

The area is newly designated as an Ontario Wine Region, and some expect this new
industry to create more than 1,000 jobs.

It certainly would be a strategic redeployment of land and labour.

"Last year we got $20 a ton for apples, which meant losing about $40 a ton,"
says Howes. "At the same time, Niagara was complaining about only getting $800 a
ton for mechanically picked grapes.

"And there will also be tremendous offshoots for the restaurant and hotel
industry. People will come for a true country experience."

The Liquor Control Board of Ontario has approved retail licences for wineries,
and more than 40,000 vines arrived from France earlier this summer to be planted
in Prince Edward County.

But while agriculture is a natural in the area, the region's efforts to ramp on
to the high-technology highway may prove more of an uphill battle.

"Like passed-by ghost towns of the '60s, we have become a bit of a digital
desert," says Anne VanVlack, project manager for QNET Community Network.

But she and others recognize that, to attract business, the county needs a
high-speed, high-capacity network offering a full range of digital services.

"A community-owned broadband network is as important now as low tax rates and
water access in rural areas," says VanVlack.

"At this point, our membership is made up of educational and health-care
institutions as well as municipalities and industry. Vendor partners, like AT&T,
have already committed to help build the infrastructure."

Having these public services online means that QNET is eligible for $1 million
from Connect Ontario and the Ministry of Energy, Science and Technology.

QNET's high-speed links would operate on a hybrid network of fibre-optic cable,
twisted-pair copper cable and wireless to transform rural Prince Edward County
into what some call a "smart community," one that uses communication
technologies in innovative ways to empower residents with better health care and
education and new business opportunities.

The county's export development officer, Charles Wicks, who was hired last year
by the Community Development Corp., feels strongly that "we have to all try to
speak with one voice, work toward one goal."

Midtown Meats, a meat-processing plant in Wellington, has benefited from the
export initiative, which aims to help put the products of local firms into
outside markets.

President Dale Willard says Midtown has gone from 13 to 105 employees in two
years, and has plans to hire at least 45 more people in the next six months.

Industrial parks in the county boast some of the lowest-cost fully serviced
sites in Ontario and Picton, the government and commerce hub, offers one of
Canada's largest deep-water ports.

Picton is also taking advantage of help in revitalization offered by the Street
Smarts Town Regeneration Project (from the Heritage Canada Foundation, the
Architectural Conservancy of Ontario and the Ontario Heritage Foundation).

'A community-owned broadband network is as important now as low tax rates and
water access in rural areas'

Randy Ellis, former manager of the Community Development Corp. (he since became
chief executive officer of Canada's Technology Triangle in the Region of
Waterloo), believes that a more prosperous future will depend on local
businesses identifying and building on existing strengths.

For instance, he says, Prince Edward County has one of Ontario's highest
percentages of seniors.

"A hard look should be given, then, to the needs of that marketplace and the
businesses related to those needs," he says.

That has been happening. The Daimler Group is building an adult lifestyle
community, Wellington-by-the-Lake, with 480 homes plus a nine-hole public golf
course.

"The county could try public- and private-sector partnering by working with them
on joint marketing ventures," says Ellis.

That's key to Prince Edward County's future economic development, he says.



LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: KEITH BEATY/TORONTO STAR
 REGION'S HEART:
 KEITH BEATY/TORONTO STAR
 TRANSFORMED:
 Danya Slik and husband Pat Larkin take a breather outside the Coffee Gallery,
their Milford cafe. The change from general store to trendy eatery reflects how
the area's economy is evolving. KEITH BEATY/TORONTO STAR
 FUTURE RIVALS:
 Rita Kaimins, co-founder of Waupoos Estate Winery, holds a bottle of her vino
while in the vineyard with Grant Howes, a neighbour who makes cider but is
moving into grape growing.

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Wellington Weekly News

                                  May 5, 2004

Race is on to raise :80,000 for new PO

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 537 words


Villagers at Stawley are frantically trying to raise enough money to open a new
post office by the end of the year.  Stawley Rural Community Initiative (RCI), a
volunteer group, has clinched planning permission to develop a post office, shop
and community room in the disused pottery and changing rooms of the former
primary school property.

Without the new office, villagers would have to travel seven miles to Wellington
or Wiveliscombe once Greenham postmaster and postmistress Bill and Peggy Wotton
have given up.

The Wottons have said they will delay their retirement and carry on running the
Greenham PO and Stores - which has been in the community for the past 37 years -
until the Stawley project comes on stream.

Which is just as well, because the RCI needs to find £80,000 to make its dream a
reality and is turning to the public for help with donations as well as
appealing to the Countryside Agency and Somerset County Council for grants.

Villagers will be able to study the plans when they go on display later this
month.

The Victorian former pottery and changing rooms at Appley Cross were discarded
more than 20 years ago when the primary school relocated to the fringe of
Stawley.

Under the new proposals they will be gutted and fitted out as a post office and
shop with a fresh farm produce section.

The business will serve not only the residents of Stawley, but villagers in
places like Appley, Greenham and Tracebridge, who have relied heavily on the
Wottons' service.

The paper, milk and grocery delivery service started by the Greenham store will
be taken over by the Stawley enterprise.

RCI community development worker, Keeley Rudd, said: "It's essential we keep a
Post Office and store in Stawley parish as the nearest one otherwise would be
seven miles away in either Wiveliscombe or Wellington, and there is hardly any
public transport around here - only one bus that runs once a week." Mrs Rudd
added: "A lot of elderly people around here would suffer without it, and
retaining the delivery service will be a real benefit for people who can't get
out and about.

"It will not be a substitute for a supermarket, it will be a convenience store."
RCI member and parish councillor John Hannon said it would be a disaster if the
community were to lose its post office and stores.

"The delivery rounds are vital for the elderly and we must keep all of them
going in the new store, because if we take away one round the business becomes
non-profitable and collapses, " he said.

"At the moment the paper and milk rounds are being run by volunteers while we
wait for the changeover." The RCI has already received a grant from Post Office
Counters to cover certain equipment but still needs plenty more funding.

The project costings include the conversion of an adjoining store room into a
community centre which could be used for parent consultations and as a surgery
for alternative practitioners, alongside other community initiatives.

The plans will go on show at the current Stawley Primary School on Thursday May
27 from 6pm. Area MP Adrian Flook and Caroline Smeaton, county councillor for
Upper Tone, will be on hand to answer questions.


LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2004 Wellington Weekly News


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Agencia de Informacao de Mocambique (English)

                                October 19, 2015

Italy Finances Community Initiatives

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: Maputo


The Italian government is providing 500,000 euros (about 566,000 US dollars) to
support 14 Mozambican community initiatives in education and health.

To this end, Italian Cooperation and the Mozambican Ministry of Gender, Children
and Social Welfare launched, in Marracuene district, about 30 kilometres north
of Maputo, a project to provide the resources necessary for the initiatives,
including the construction and rehabilitation of classrooms and acquisition of
school furniture, and the installation of electricity.

In the health area, the project will build and rehabilitate health posts,
acquire material for health centres, provide tanks and other water supply
equipment for health posts, and build sanitation installations at the health
posts.

Italian ambassador Roberto Vellano said, at the launching ceremony, that the
main objective of the project is to respond to community development needs,
consistent with the goals expressed in local government plans.

"In this context, Italy has made available funds for a network of small scale
social infrastructures which seek to respond to the most pressing needs of the
life and development of the communities", said Vellano. "These 14 initiatives
were identified through a public tender which received more than 70 proposals.
The initiatives cover the entire national territory".

Representing the Mozambican government, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry
of Gender, Children and Social Welfare, Danilo Bay, thanked the Italian
government for the grant, and promised full collaboration of the ministry to
achieve the objectives of the project.

Bay urged the direct beneficiaries of the project to manage responsibly the
funds they received, so that the initiatives contribute to improving the living
conditions of the communities.

During the launch, Veltrano delivered symbolically five cheques for a million
meticais (about 24,400 dollars) to five of the community initiatives covered by
the project.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

University of Rhode Island Receives $510,978 in USDA Grants

LENGTH: 493  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Jim Langevin, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Senators Jack Reed and Sheldon Whitehouse and Congressman Jim Langevin today
announced that the University of Rhode Island will receive $510,978 in grant
funding through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute
of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) program. NIFA is awarding nearly $14 million
nationwide to programs that support rural community development, sustainable
farming and economic growth through agriculture.

"I am pleased URI is receiving this federal funding to help share their
expertise and further their efforts in support of our agricultural economy,"
said Senator Reed. "We need to invest in positive community economic development
strategies and protect Rhode Island's rural areas and open spaces. This NIFA
grant will allow URI to work with local communities to develop strategies for
sustainable farming and land conservation."

"Rhode Island farms are an important part of our natural landscape and our
economy. Preserving the land and natural resources they depend on is a smart
investment for our state," said Senator Whitehouse. "I'm glad to see these
federal funds come to URI to benefit our farming community, and thanks to Jim
Langevin for his good work on agriculture in Rhode Island."

"The University of Rhode Island is at the epicenter of agriculture in Rhode
Island, and their educational programming and research serve as a vital resource
for our state's many farmers," said Congressman Langevin, who recently formed a
Food First Advisory Committee to advise him on issues of importance to the
farming industry and overall food economy. "Agriculture is an important part of
Rhode Island's economy, and we must support the efforts of farmers not only to
be profitable and sustainable, but also in their fight to increase access to
local food sources, which can only happen when we preserve farmland. We, as a
state and as a nation, must commit to increasing the amount of food we produce
and consume locally."

"These grants will be used to understand people's preferences for open space so
that farm and forest lands can be sustained, and so those lands may continue to
provide critical ecosystem services and maintain the rural character of
communities in Southern New England," said Richard Rhodes, associate dean of the
URI College of the Environment and Life Sciences. "We appreciate the work of
Rhode Island's congressional delegation in helping to secure these funds."

The bulk of URI's award, $463,096, will be used to create community-level
incentives to support farm, forest and open space land conservation in the rural
-urban fringe. The remaining $47,882 will go towards a water quality economics
workshop through NIFA's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative (AFRI)
Foundational Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               South Wales Argus

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday

EU exit would be 'catastrophic for Welsh farming' - minister

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 441 words


LEAVING the EU would be "catastrophic" for Welsh farmers, a minister said.

Rebecca Evans, Welsh Government deputy farming minister, reiterated her concerns
for the future of the farming industry in Wales in the event of an out vote in
the forthcoming referendum on membership of the European Union.

With payments under Common Agricultural Payment (CAP) worth £240m to Welsh
farmers each year, the deputy minister said that cessation of this funding
without any realistic prospect of the same level of domestic replacement from
the UK government, or of a sufficient period of time to allow farm businesses to
mitigate the financial loss, would be hugely damaging to the industry.

The deputy minister said: "I have followed with interest the many discussions on
European membership in the media and have been alarmed at the number of
commentators who naively believe agriculture would see a reduction in so called
'red tape' and that the industry would continue to receive the same level of
financial support were we to leave the EU.

"In fact, withdrawal from the EU, and the impact that this would undoubtedly
have in respect of the CAP, would be catastrophic for Welsh agriculture."

Last week, the deputy minister officially launched Welsh Government Rural
Communities - Rural Development Programme 2014-2020 (RDP).

The £900m programme is co-funded by the Welsh Government and the European Union,
and the deputy minister announced that several new and important initiatives
were to open during Show week.

MsRebecca Evans this weekhas announced that three of those support mechanisms
totalling £20m of support - the Sustainable Production Grant, Food Business
Investment Scheme and Rural Community Development Fund - are now open from
today, and she highlighted the importance of a collaborative approach with the
agriculture industry to ensure that the outcomes sought are fully realised.

She said: "Last week, I launched Welsh Government Rural Communities which will
be more ambitious, innovative, and adaptable than previous programmes and will
stimulate rural economies, enhance our natural resources and make a lasting
difference to the lives of people all over Wales.

"This programme is a fantastic opportunity to support rural Wales and it further
demonstrates the benefits of our EU membership. The previous RDP has already
invested nearly £800million into Welsh communities and rural business and I am
determined to make the most of these opportunities. If we were to leave the EU,
our efforts to support our farmers and to realise our shared vision of a modern,
professional, and prosperous farming industry in Wales, would be severely
disadvantaged."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

Smart code planned out for 3 cities

BYLINE: BEN JACOBSON TH staff writer ben.jacobson@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 457 words


As part of a countywide initiative to incorporate sustainable planning
techniques, three small cities are slated to become "pilot communities" for a
rural smart code. If given the go-ahead by the Dubuque County Board of
Supervisors, a team of county officials and consultants will examine the
development codes and ordinances of Bankston, Durango and Sageville. Gathered
information will be used to develop suggestions for zoning or subdivision
ordinance revisions, and could help provide a blueprint for planning practices
countywide.

According to county Zoning Administrator Anna O'Shea, the program will help show
how to put into practice objectives identified by the Dubuque County Regional
Smart Planning consortium. "After you update (the) comprehensive plan, the next
step is to put those goals and objectives into your zoning, subdivision and
building codes," O'Shea said. "This rural model smart code will take these
sustainability goals and objectives and put them into a model ordinance that
will help these smaller communities." On May 15, supervisors will consider a
resolution that would call for the county to enter into a consulting contract
with MSA Professional Services Inc., of Madison, Wis. The $28,500 contract would
be funded by a $30,000 Community Development Block Grant, awarded to the county
to aid low- to moderate-income residents. If the contract is approved, an MSA
consultant team will examine potential areas of improvement throughout the
summer, said team leader Jason Valerius. The group will try to identify ways
that city functions can be made more efficient, and will suggest possible
ordinance revisions that could make future developments more resilient and
conducive to growth. The consultant team will offer training and educational
seminars on smart planning techniques. Subjects like stormwater management,
energy efficiency and conservation design for subdivisions and buildings will be
discussed by a technical committee comprised of county officials and
representatives from each pilot community. Valerius said he hopes an adoptable
model will be complete by the end of the process. "These are communities that
the county recognized have limited resources to try and tackle this project,"
Valerius said. "If we can work out a model ordinance that's suited to them,
terrific. They can run with that with limited effort of their own." Potential
benefits of the program extend beyond the three participating communities,
O'Shea said. Lessons learned could be shared, and techniques adopted by other
rural communities in the county. "We feel that this is one way that these
smaller communities can become a part of our sustainability planning for the
region, which includes the whole county," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday

Art Bikers bringing creativity straight to you

BYLINE: Grant, Shauntay

SECTION: HFX ARTS; Pg. H15

LENGTH: 412  words


Parks throughout the Halifax Regional Municipality will be flooded with arts and
crafts this summer. Art Bikers is a new initiative created by the 4Cs
Foundation, an arts-based community development foundation. The project will see
trailers packed with art-making materials travel to locations throughout HRM,
engaging children, youth, and neighbourhood residents in free, fun public art
activities.

Jessica Harrod is a local visual artist, community development work, and project
coordinator for Art Bikers.

HFX: What is Art Bikers?

JH: It's pilot project - sort of a small thing that we hope will grow. We've
hired four young artists -two visual artists, a drama person, and a
contortionist - and they will be riding around on wooden trailers filled with
art supplies. (The artists) will go to a variety of communities (and parks) in
the HRM to do art, drama, theatre improv games, or whatever. Their trailers and
bikes will be hugely decorated; they'll show up in a park, open up their
trailer, put a flag out, and people will know Art Bikers are in town. It's not
like a day camp where people leave their kids and register them; it's much more
fluid than that. It may be that it's children, adults, teenagers, (or) a
combination.

HFX: How will you engage people from different age groups?

JH: I think a lot of that will be up to our staff's ability to provide
activities that are exciting and interesting for a variety of ages. I think one
of the things about making art is that you can have one activity that appeals to
everyone. It can be something like puppet making or mask making, or it can be
something that is more site specific. Maybe you decorate a tree in your local
park with wind chimes that you make (so that) it becomes a part of your
community space.

HFX: What communities will you visit?

JH: We recognize that HRM is huge, so we are hoping that we'll get out to some
of the more rural areas of HRM, as well as being downtown. We have some contacts
in Sheet Harbour as well as Harrietsfield, Spryfield, Fairview and the Commons.
So we're really trying to move around HRM. I think a lot of times stuff tends to
happen on the peninsula, and we want to try to be as far reaching as we can.
We're picking the areas in terms of "Are there a lot of kids there?" If we know
there's a park where there are a lot of kids hanging out, that's where we'll go.
And if the response is positive and people want to do more stuff, then we'll go
back again.

www.4csfoundation.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 25, 2015 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

SEEDS FOR URBAN GROWTH;
FEDERAL FUNDING SUPPORTS PROJECTS TO REVITALIZE STRUGGLING NEIGHBORHOODS

BYLINE: Joyce Gannon Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G-1

LENGTH: 1140 words


Annie Donovan grew up in Brighton Heights on the North Side, the 10th of 11
children. That experience helps inform her thinking in the job she's held for
almost a year - director of the U.S. Treasury Department's Community Development
Financial Institutions.

"You think about how you create upward mobility in a family with 11 children and
a good way to start is to own your own home," Ms. Donovan said in a recent phone
interview from her office in Washington, D.C.

"My father's parents were both Irish immigrants who bought their house," she
said. "They gave it to my father after they died and that's where we were all
raised."

Her arm of the Treasury Department provides loans, tax credits and bonds that
community development groups leverage to attract private investors to projects
that traditional banks may view as too risky. Since its creation in 1994, the
fund has provided $43.5 billion in federal tax credits, $2.3 billion to
designated CDFI organizations, and closed on $852 million in guaranteed bonds.

In Pittsburgh, it has helped to finance projects ranging from a neighborhood
center in Millvale that will offer locally sourced food, to massive commercial
developments such as Bakery Square and the new East Liberty transit center.

Ms. Donovan, 51, who became CDFI director in November, never worked in
Pittsburgh after earning an economics degree from Allegheny College. She joined
the Peace Corps in rural Jamaica then launched a career in community development
in the nation's capital that included a 2012-13 stint at the White House Office
of Social Innovation.

But she's familiar with projects in her hometown that have benefited from an
estimated $300 million that CDFI has pumped into the region over the years.

Some were supported by CDFI's New Markets Tax Credits initiative, including
Bakery Square, a residential-office-retail complex at the site of the former
Nabisco factory in East Liberty that received $13 million in tax credits.

Others include the Energy Innovation Center in the Hill District, $5 million in
tax credits; 201 Stanwix St., Downtown, a mixed-use building that includes
apartments and City Charter High School, $32 million; and the recently opened
East Liberty transit center, $5.6 million.

The city also has six certified CDFI organizations that provide loans for
projects in struggling neighborhoods: Bridgeway Capital, East End Food
Cooperative Federal Credit Union, Innovation Works, Renewable Manufacturing
Gateway, Landmarks Community Capital Corp. and the North Side Community
Development Fund.

Of the six, Downtown-based Bridgeway has received the largest amount of CDFI
resources to date: $31.3 million including $15 million in a new bond fund
awarded last month. 'Important step forward'

"They are a great example of a community-oriented organization trying to
assemble capital to invest in development of people and neighborhoods that are
underserved," said Ms. Donovan.

"It's a zero-subsidy program," said Ms. Donovan. "Congress spends no money. The
risk is borne by local organizations. They manage the risk and we provide
relatively inexpensive capital they can't get from any other source."

The $15 million for Bridgeway was part of a $127 million bond split between
seven CDFIs nationwide.

As a finalist for that money, Bridgeway competed in what Ms. Donovan described
as a very intensive process that included Treasury Department reviews of its
revenue sources, loan portfolio performance, loan loss reserves and management.

"We look at their viability short term and long term," she said.

"The CDFI funds are not money to subsidize their operations. We don't tell
Bridgeway what projects to invest in and don't tell them how to run their
business. We just expect the money to go to communities that need it and create
upward mobility for people in those communities."

With the new funding, Bridgeway plans to continue its focus on commercial and
residential projects in high-need Pittsburgh neighborhoods such as Hazelwood,
Homewood and North Side, and disburse some money in the Erie and Uniontown areas
where it also maintains offices, said Mark Peterson, president and chief
executive.

Because Bridgeway won't have to repay the bond for 30 years, "We can do
longer-term loans and the monthly payments by the borrower will be lower," he
said. "It's a really important step forward."

Since its launch 25 years ago, Bridgeway has committed $118 million in financing
through nearly 1,000 loans. For the fiscal year ended Sept. 30, it closed on
$21.5 million in loans, up 26 percent over the prior year, he said.

"The needs of low-income communities keep growing and banks are unable to make
small business loans so folks turn to us and we're doing more community
finance." Food markets, renovation

On the North Side, for instance, Bridgeway last month provided a $700,000,
two-year loan for the makeover of the historical Masonic Temple into City of
Asylum, a center for writers that will include apartments, a restaurant,
bookstore and event center. The total project cost is $10 million.

In Millvale, Bridgeway made two loans totaling $900,000 to the Millvale Borough
Development Corp. to buy and renovate a two-story building at North and Grant
avenues into a food hub that will include a market with fresh and
locally-sourced foods.

Farm Truck Foods of Millvale, a mobile market, sells produce and other locally
made products near the site and hopes to become a tenant when the building is
ready.

That project is part of Bridgeway's Healthy Foods Financing initiative that aims
to support corner grocers, farm stands and mobile markets in order to "expand
access to healthy foods in food deserts and low-income communities," said Matt
Madia, Bridgeway development director.

"Grocery and corner stores really strengthen the fabric of communities. When you
don't have them, you're missing a real component of being a neighborhood."

Besides the Millvale project, Bridgeway has helped to finance small food markets
in Homewood, Hazelwood and the 52nd Street Market in Lawrenceville.

In another blighted neighborhood, Allentown, Bridgeway has made small-business
loans and economic development grants and also offers hands-on business support
such as a forum it hosted last month for real estate agents, developers and
contractors to inform them of the opportunities and resources, said Dwayne
Rankin, community development loan officer for Bridgeway.

"Places like Allentown can become a destination," he said. "It just takes one
anchor business to attract others. We are pretty much in every distressed
community trying to make a lasting impact."

Bridgeway will celebrate its 25th anniversary 6-8 p.m. Thursday at an event at
the Omni William Penn Hotel, Downtown. Proceeds will fund the Homewood Business
Center at Bridgeway's 7800 Susquehanna Street project. For information go to
www.bridgewaycapital.org

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Joyce Gannon: jgannon@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1580.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: John Heller/Post-Gazette: Meredith Neel-Jurinko, co-founder of
Farm Truck Foods, shows what is for sale at the weekly mobile market set up on
North Ave in Millvale. The food service may get a permanent home at a new food
hub being built across the street with funding from Bridgeway Capital, among
others. \ \ PHOTO: John Heller/Post-Gazette: Landon DePaulo, co-founder of Farm
Truck Foods, sets up a mobile market for business in Millvale. \ \ PHOTO: Annie
Donovan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            November 7, 2010 Sunday

Humboldt State University study looks to help rural ethnic entrepreneurs

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 419 words


Social and business networking are essential to rural-based ethnic
entrepreneurs' success, according to a first-of-its-kind survey by the
California Center for Rural Policy at Humboldt State University.

The center, which partnered on the study with HSU's Institute for Spatial
Analysis, found networking to be vital because it is the "indispensable building
block for close ties with the larger business community and economic
developers," according to an HSU press release.

"Rural Ethnic Entrepreneurship: A Spatial Networks Approach to Community
Development" combines for the first time geographic information system spatial
data with data from HSU's Department of Economics to profile ethnic
entrepreneurs in Mendocino County. Together, the two sets of data showed that
the factor most often associated with a profitable business is intensive
networking, according to the release.

But the analysis also reveals that ethnic entrepreneurs in rural settings are
less likely, for example, to use the Internet for business guidance. Often
hobbled as well by the limited infrastructure and geographical isolation of
rural life, they are more apt to rely on family and relatives for advice and
counsel, or on church and school contacts, then on their local business
community or the chamber of commerce, according to the report. They think of
themselves as making a living rather than building an evolving enterprise.

Those surveyed, according to the release, said they welcomed the prospect of
business mentoring.

Financed by a $150,000 Ford Foundation grant, the report is based on detailed
research of Mendocino County because it is considered representative of rural
northern California's ethnic entrepreneurial needs and Latino business
experience.

One of the report's key findings is the need for tighter links between ethnic
enterprises and economic development initiatives.

This is particularly important in regions like the redwoods, where rural
business is shifting from a resource-based extraction economy to entrepreneurial
niche enterprises that pivot on high technology and human capital.

The study recommends moving beyond economic development geared to
"one-size-fits-all," arguing that multiple sizes are needed.

To that end, the study is available at a new website, www.peopleplaceandbiz.org
, that features interactive exercise for pinpointing who is missing from the
economic development table.

At the most basic level, the report calls on economic developers to broaden
their notion of who an entrepreneur is.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                       July 20, 2015 Monday 11:26 AM  EST

EU EXIT WOULD HAVE 'CATASTROPHIC CONSEQUENCES' FOR WALES SAYS DEPUTY MINISTER
FOR FARMING AND FOOD EVANS

LENGTH: 476 words


LONDON, July 20 -- The office of Welsh Assembly Government - Environment and
Countryside issued the following press release:

Ahead of this year's Royal Welsh Agriculture Show, Deputy Minister for Farming
and Food, Rebecca Evans has reiterated her concerns for the future of the
farming industry in Wales in the event of an out vote in the forthcoming
referendum on membership of the European Union.

With payments under CAP worth pound 240m to our farmers each year, the Deputy
Minister said that cessation of this funding without any realistic prospect of
the same level of domestic replacement from the UK Government, or of a
sufficient period of time to allow farm businesses to mitigate the financial
loss, would be hugely damaging to the industry.

The Deputy Minister said,

"I have followed with interest the many discussions on European membership in
the media and have been alarmed at the number of commentators who naively
believe agriculture would see a reduction in so called "red tape" and that the
industry would continue to receive the same level of financial support were we
to leave the EU.

"In fact, withdrawal from the EU, and the impact that this would undoubtedly
have in respect of the CAP, would be catastrophic for Welsh agriculture."

Last week, the Deputy Minister officially launched Welsh Government Rural
Communities - Rural Development Programme 2014 - 2020 (RDP).

The pound 900m programme is co-funded by the Welsh Government and the European
Union, and the Deputy Minister announced that several new and important
initiatives were to open during Show week.

Rebecca Evans has announced that three of those support mechanisms totalling
pound 20m of support, the Sustainable Production Grant, Food Business Investment
Scheme and Rural Community Development Fund, are open from today, and she
highlighted the importance of a collaborative approach with the agriculture
industry to ensure that the outcomes sought are fully realised.

She said,

"Last week I launched Welsh Government Rural Communities which will be more
ambitious, innovative, and adaptable than previous programmes and will stimulate
rural economies, enhance our natural resources and make a lasting difference to
the lives of people all over Wales.

"This programme is a fantastic opportunity to support rural Wales and it further
demonstrates the benefits of our EU membership. The previous RDP has already
invested nearly pound 800 million into Welsh communities and rural business and
I am determined to make the most of these opportunities. If we were to leave the
EU our efforts to support our farmers and to realise our shared vision of a
modern, professional, and prosperous farming industry in Wales, would be
severely disadvantaged." For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cullman Times (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

CCCDC awards grants to traveling exhibit at Cullman County Museum

BYLINE: Zach Winslett, The Cullman Times, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


Nov. 13--The Cullman County Museum has received a $10,000 grant for the
implementation of a traveling Smithsonian exhibit.

At the Cullman County Community Development Commission's last meeting, the
organization awarded the museum and director Elaine Fuller the grant, which will
help bring the exhibit to Cullman in February.

"The exhibit is called 'The Way We Worked,'" Fuller said. "It contrasts what
used to be and what's now concerning the workforce."

The touring show is part of the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition
Service and its Museum on Main Street program, an initiative that focuses on
bringing cultural invigoration to rural communities.

"The Way We Worked" highlights professional and blue-collar workers and their
roles in the workforce of the United States, and there is a local theme, too.

"There will be a video program with interviews of Cullman County citizens,"
Fuller said. "And there will also be a feature of local industries."

The exhibit will debut on Feb. 9 -- March 20.

The CCCDC also awarded two Cullman County schools grants for new laptops to
assist with classroom learning.

West Point Intermediate received $9,375, and Vinemont Middle received $8,117.13.

For West Point, the application of technology to traditional learning is not a
new concept, even state officials have taken notice.

Lt. Gov. Kay Ivey visited West Point Intermediate in October to tour their
computer facilities.

"This was the only school she visited during that tour," principal Shane
Barnette said. "It's been incredible how we've added technology to our school."

This newest grant will go toward furnishing several Chromebook laptops, which
will complete a set of 30 that the school busses between classrooms on a cart.

"We can move this cart from room to room," Barnette said. "We use a lot of
Web-based applications in our classrooms."

The intermediate school also has a mobile cart of iPads, and each teacher has a
personal tablet for classroom use.

The school even has a 3D printer.

"Some people say if you can do something the old way, why change?" Barnette
said. "We're trying to instill in our kids technology and keeping up with
innovation."

Other grants received:

--Carpenter's Cabinet received $11,000 to help complete its soon-to-open Holly
Pond location.

--The Town of Holly Pond received $8,000 to resurface a walking trail.

--Cold Springs High received $3,000 for field house renovations.

--Zach Winslett can be contacted at zwinslett@cullmantimes.com or (256)
734-2131, ext. 137.

___ (c)2014 The Cullman Times (Cullman, Ala.) Visit The Cullman Times (Cullman,
Ala.) at www.cullmantimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141113-ZC-CCCDC-awards-grants
-to-traveling-exhibit-at-Cullman-County-Museum-1113-20141113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZC


                        Copyright 2014 The Cullman Times


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 April 22, 2014

2014 - Fayemi Flaunts Legacy Projects

BYLINE: Emmanuel Aziken

LENGTH: 442 words


The grant-in-aids scheme to Community Development Associations in the state is
undoubtedly one of the legacies of the incumbent governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi.

Under the scheme the 132 communities and farmsteads in the state identify
projects to their liking which the state government finances. Under the scheme,
several abandoned projects in various sectors have been completed and where not,
initiated.

In a move to further entrench himself in the minds of the citizenry, the
governor has now moved to release the second tranche of aids for the execution
of self-help projects.

Dr. Fayemi in a meeting to review projects being funded under the scheme with
officials of the CDAs promised that the releases would be made before the end of
the month.

The amount to be disbursed was not disclosed though N600 million was disbursed
last year.

The various CDAs were represented at the meeting by their chairmen and
secretaries according to a statement by the administration

Governor Fayemi said the programme is already actualising its set goal even as
some communities have completed their projects while some are at advanced stages
of completion.

He stressed that the programme is a fulfilment of his promise not to "do
development to the people, but to do development with the people".

"It is a quarterly meeting of community representatives in the 132 communities
and farmsteads. We have projects almost dotting all communities. Some have been
completed, some are half-way through, some are three quarter finished and we
have milestone payment for them and some are due for second tranche payment. The
monarchs in each community show appreciation for the self help project. They
chose the project, the contractor, the carpenter and plumber.

The jobs are done in such a way that grows the local economy and help those who
have skills in artisanship in the communities", he said.

Representatives of the CDAs at the session commended the governor for his
initiative which according to them has enabled them to revive and complete many
projects which the communities have abandoned for lack of funds.

They affirmed that returning Fayemi was the only guarantee for the continuation
of the laudable scheme.

The Commissioner for Rural Development and Community Empowerment, Mr Folorunso
Olabode who oversees the scheme said the meeting became necessary in order to
get feedbacks on the self-help projects even as the government merely provides
the funds and monitor the execution of the projects.

Olabode said many of the benefiting communities have written to show
appreciation to government for the brilliant initiative which has given their
communities a new lease of life.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Western Advocate

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

g

BYLINE: LOUISE EDDY

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 472 words


Close to 30 young people from Bathurst and Kelso are taking part in a learn to
drive program conducted by Birrang Enterprise Development Company.

The program supports Aboriginal and disadvantaged youth across the region in
getting their licenses. The participants are aged between 10 and 25.

The St George Foundation has awarded Birrang a $15,000 grant to support their
learn to drive program.

Project co-ordinator Craig Toole said through early intervention, young learner
drivers develop the skills required to be safe, confident drivers, and
ultimately travel to neighbouring regions to gain employment.

He said that for many Aboriginal and disadvantaged youth, a licence offered the
chance to expand their horizons and change the outlook for a positive future.

"The St George Foundation grant has provided us with the means to assist costs
for driving test bookings and licensing fees, as well as vehicle maintenance so
that our drivers can achieve success in the program," he said.

"This will assist in eliminating major vocational barriers and overcoming
personal financial obstacles."

The head of St George Foundation Leona Fell added that a driver's licence was a
fundamental tool in securing employment opportunities in rural and remote areas.

"Travel is a necessity for people who live in these regional areas, especially
those young people who are actively seeking employment," she said.

"We are thrilled that the St George Foundation has been able to aid the
development of safe and confident young drivers in this community, while also
having a positive impact on the overall future employment of disadvantaged youth
in Bathurst," she said.

Aboriginal community development worker for Relationships Australia Bathurst
Selina Brandy said the collaboration and support from Aboriginal and mainstream
organisations and the community for this initiative had been amazing.

"We're pleased that Relationships Australia's partnership with Birrang
Enterprises has enabled Aboriginal youth the opportunity of gaining their
licence and a pathway of opportunities," she said.

Throughout the five-week program, participants meet and have classes in the
Relationships Australia office each day, with Selina providing support and
picking up and dropping off participants to attend using the Bathurst Aboriginal
Land Council's bus.

Nick Frail of Birrang Enterprises said the program makes it easier for low
income families to put their children through driving lessons and tests.

Some are studying for their Ls and some for their Ps. One of the aims of the
program is to help young people get the requisite number of hours in their log
books.

Birrang Enterprise's George Bullivant said here in the west those without a
licence are severely disadvantaged.

"To increase young people's opportunities in education and employment is a
wonderful thing," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Western Advocate

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

g

BYLINE: LOUISE EDDY

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 472 words


Close to 30 young people from Bathurst and Kelso are taking part in a learn to
drive program conducted by Birrang Enterprise Development Company.

The program supports Aboriginal and disadvantaged youth across the region in
getting their licenses. The participants are aged between 10 and 25.

The St George Foundation has awarded Birrang a $15,000 grant to support their
learn to drive program.

Project co-ordinator Craig Toole said through early intervention, young learner
drivers develop the skills required to be safe, confident drivers, and
ultimately travel to neighbouring regions to gain employment.

He said that for many Aboriginal and disadvantaged youth, a licence offered the
chance to expand their horizons and change the outlook for a positive future.

"The St George Foundation grant has provided us with the means to assist costs
for driving test bookings and licensing fees, as well as vehicle maintenance so
that our drivers can achieve success in the program," he said.

"This will assist in eliminating major vocational barriers and overcoming
personal financial obstacles."

The head of St George Foundation Leona Fell added that a driver's licence was a
fundamental tool in securing employment opportunities in rural and remote areas.

"Travel is a necessity for people who live in these regional areas, especially
those young people who are actively seeking employment," she said.

"We are thrilled that the St George Foundation has been able to aid the
development of safe and confident young drivers in this community, while also
having a positive impact on the overall future employment of disadvantaged youth
in Bathurst," she said.

Aboriginal community development worker for Relationships Australia Bathurst
Selina Brandy said the collaboration and support from Aboriginal and mainstream
organisations and the community for this initiative had been amazing.

"We're pleased that Relationships Australia's partnership with Birrang
Enterprises has enabled Aboriginal youth the opportunity of gaining their
licence and a pathway of opportunities," she said.

Throughout the five-week program, participants meet and have classes in the
Relationships Australia office each day, with Selina providing support and
picking up and dropping off participants to attend using the Bathurst Aboriginal
Land Council's bus.

Nick Frail of Birrang Enterprises said the program makes it easier for low
income families to put their children through driving lessons and tests.

Some are studying for their Ls and some for their Ps. One of the aims of the
program is to help young people get the requisite number of hours in their log
books.

Birrang Enterprise's George Bullivant said here in the west those without a
licence are severely disadvantaged.

"To increase young people's opportunities in education and employment is a
wonderful thing," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            December 3, 2012 Monday

Peru-Promoción del Liderazgo de la Mujer Campesina de Laramate, Ayacucho para la
Recuperación de la Agrobiodiversidad, la Gestión Local y la Mejora de la Calidad
de Vida (Promotion of Rural Women Leadership in Laramate, Ayacucho Recovery
Agrobiodiver

LENGTH: 375  words


Start Date: 6/2012
End Date: 6/2014
Grantee: Comunidad Campesina de Laramate
Country: Peru
Area Of Work: Biodiversity
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 50,000.00
Co-Financing in-Kind: US$ 29,500.00
Project Number: PER/SGP/OP5/STAR/BD/12/09
Status: Currently under execution
This project is located in the Rural Community of Laramate, in the district of
Laramate, Lucanas province, department of Ayacucho.


The main components of this project are:
1. Promoting rural women%s leadership through a series of training and training
on issues that help to understand their environment, manage and use resources
efficiently, especially for the benefit of the environment, family and community

2. The adoption of environment-friendly technologies that could improve their
quality of life, as are the techniques for organic agriculture,
agrobiodiversity, agroforestry, use of improved stoves, the recovery of native
species in a nursery and subsequent reforestation of these species.
3. Participatory local governance and the strengthening of relations between the
farming community and other stakeholders of local presence, such as: the
Technological Institute, the municipality, the mining company Barrick, among
other important allies, with whom we may articulate initiatives management
process, which includes planning participatory community development,
identification of major projects aimed at local development and joint management
of projects with various sources and levels of funding.
The farming community has Laramate communal lands and water resources, which to
date are being under-utilized. Why, with the participation of other key
stakeholders, has prepared this project, which presents an opportunity to
strengthen and visible leadership of the 300 women commoner.
Grantee Contact
Mr. Pelagio Jurado Moreno
Phone: 945-511-114
Email: comunidad-laramate@gmail.com
Address
Jr. Huamán Poma de Ayala S/N - Distrito de Laramate
Provincia de Lucanas , Ayacucho ,
SGP Country office contact
Ms. Emilia Bustamante Guerra
Phone: (00511) 215-6969 - Anexo 3022
Fax: (00511) 421-2304
Email: emilia.bustamante@undp.org
Address
Los Cedros 269 - San Isidro - Lima - Perú
Lima, Lima, Lima 27
Country Website
http://www.pnud.org.pe/

country :Peru
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            December 21, 2012 Friday

CBL Munchee wins four Best Corporate Citizen awards

LENGTH: 782 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Dec. 21 -- Ceylon Biscuits Limited (CBL) once again captured the
spotlight at the 'Best Corporate Citizen of the year' awards held annually by
the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce which now is a must attend' among the Country's
corporate glitterati.

The gala annual event which seeks to honour the contribution to public good,
through commitment to critical social causes by Sri Lanka's distinguished and
top-notch corporates, saw CBL clinching the second runner up position among the
top ten corporates. The Company has been awarded as one of the best ten
corporates continuously for five years.

CBL's Munchee Samaga Gamata Sarana, the community development initiative won
first place for best infrastructure development in the special projects
category. Munchee samaga gamata sarana' programme empowers villagers island wide
through identifying and fulfilling long-standing infrastructure development
needs of relevant communities.

This is the second consecutive occasion that the contribution of this project
towards the community enlistment was recognized at the Best Corporate Citizen
Awards.

Munchee Samaga Gamta Sarana has reached thousands of people in all parts of the
country by presenting them with 50 projects.

Nandana Wickramage, Group Director and Head of Marketing & Sales described CBL's
recent winning streak as having positioned the company as a gold standard for
Sri Lanka with the company standing out as a brand that delivers to all segments
of the Sri Lankan population.

The 'Munchee Samaga Gamata Sarana' or village re-awakening project which
involves infrastructure development in the most rural areas facilitates the
community to participate in the mainstream of activities which we take for
granted.

"The villagers of Walagama in the Kegalle district were using a tree trunk
across a river which tended to be slippery on rainy days and school children
would often drop their books into the water while trying to maintain balance
when crossing. The Munchee Samaga Gamata Sarana project constructed a bridge for
easy access. These are simple infrastructure needs that we identify and develop
so that the community and the village as a whole benefits and develops by it",
explained Nandana Wickramage.

The Munchee Samaga Gamata Sarana has already completed most of its projects,
some of which focused on building libraries, bridges, developing schools,
provision of regular water supply systems, etc to several villages.

Thus, reaching all parts of Sri Lanka including the North and the East and
becoming yet another long-standing social cause that the company is involved in.
Other such projects include 'Munchee Tikiri Shishyadara' (grade 5 scholarship
education program), the farmer backward integration programme and support to
national athletes.

CBL's employee relations was also lauded and won them a first in the 'best
employee relations' category. The award was in recognition of Munchee's
excellence as a preferred employer and its continuous commitment towards
producing future leaders through human resource development and innovation."

This is indeed a recognition for company's Great Place to Work concept. To
achieve this concept, CBL has implemented many activities aiming at high
employee satisfaction. Munchee has been twice awarded CMO Asia's Best Employee
Brand, said CBL's Group Managing Director Sheamalee Wickramasingha ."

Our corporate social responsibility vision is to make a qualitative difference
that impacts, benefits and influences the lives of Sri Lankans who do not have
access to basics that we often take for granted" Sheamalee Wickramasingha
further emphasized .

Corporate Social Responsibility has become part and parcel of the business of
CBL and being a responsible corporate citizen, the Company continues to
integrate itself into the community it operates in. This involves intermingling
with diverse stakeholders of the business.

The Company has made Corporate Social Responsibility ('CSR') an inherent and
distinct accessory to its business model that combines business systems with the
continued development of the less privileged communities.

CSR efforts of CBL aim at developing the community, the economy and eventually
the nation. In order to achieve this, it is ensured that the Company's CSR
operational mandate includes projects that provide unique and effective
solutions to community needs. Fund allocation and utilization of resources on
each project is structured to provide the most beneficial and effective
solutions. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri
Lanka. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 6, 2009 Wednesday

Pokagon Band breaks ground on administration building

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


May 6--POKAGON TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- The Pokagon Band of Potawatomi Indians is
breaking ground on a new 19,000-square-foot tribal administration building
located at the tribal reservation in Pokagon Township.

The building will house the tribe's administration and member services
departments.

"Today's program is called Oshkawaban, meaning 'new morning' seeing that the
ground breaking for the tribal administration building is a great moment for the
tribe," said John Miller, tribal chair of the Pokagon Band of Potawatomi
Indians. "This building represents a new face for the tribe, and is a very deep
source of pride for all of our tribal citizens."

After four years of planning and applying for funding, construction began April
13 with completion expected by the end of the year. The project includes
construction of the building, road and parking lot, and sewer and water
improvements. The project cost is just over $5 million, with the building itself
costing nearly $4.5 million.

The new building will allow the tribe to house 50 of its 120 staff in one
building for the first time. The administration building coordinates housing,
education, health and other services for the more than 4,000 members of the
Pokagon Tribe. The staff currently operates out of more than a dozen modular
offices and other buildings.

The project was funded by several loans and grants. The funds for the
administration building were provided by a United States Development Authority
Rural Development loan. The improvements to the roads and parking lot were
funded through the BIA. The infrastructure was funded through an Indian
Community Development Block Grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development.

"This building belongs to the membership, employees, elders and leadership who
work hard every day on behalf of the tribe's future," said Eric Trevan, tribal
operations officer.

"The tribe has a very strong connection to the environment and is dedicated to
preserving and improving it. As such, the tribal administration building will
have little or no impact on the environment," said Alan Fricke, director of
housing and the tribe's project manager.

Some of the green initiatives of the building include:

-- Rain gardens and native prairie restoration of the triangular space between
the old and new road, as well as around the new building. The vegetation manages
storm water, reduces maintenance and provides wildlife habitat;

-- A high reflectivity roof with a high "R" rating that reduces winter heat loss
and summer heat gains;

-- A geothermal heating system to reduce energy costs and the consumption of
fossil fuels;

-- Sky lights, interior glazing, energy efficient T5 light fixtures, automated
controls inside and LED lights outside reduce energy consumption and increase
the comfort of space;

-- On-site wastewater treatment and groundwater recharge;

-- Recycled materials for aggregate, ceiling tiles and insulation to reduce
landfill waste and to use natural resources;

-- Lumber from renewable resources located close to the site. This is done to
preserve old growth timber and to reduce the use of fossil fuels for
transportation;

-- Low VOC (volatile organic compound) sealants and paints, plus green label
carpet to improve indoor air quality;

-- Operable windows and HVAC controls to maximize occupant comfort.

The project employs several regional contractors. Three Michigan contractors
have been hired: Wightman and Associates from Benton Harbor to serve as the
tribe's engineer and architect; Peters Construction Company based in Kalamazoo
as the contractor for the roads and parking lot; and Lounsbury Excavating out of
Paw Paw to build the infrastructure. Two firms out of South Bend, Ind., are also
on the project team: Majority Builders are the contractors and Joseph A. Dzierla
and Associates, Inc., who serves as the contractors' architect.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090506-IC-POKAGON-TRIBAL-HQ-20090506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Arizona: USDA Announces $1.97 Million for New Community Center on Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

Investment Part of Obama Administration's Commitment to Indian Country and
Promise Zone Initiative

Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, SD, June 22, 2015 - Today, Leslie Wheelock,
Director of the United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Office of
Tribal Relations joined other federal, state, and Tribal leaders to announce
$1.97 million to Thunder Valley Community Development Corporation (CDC) for a
community center serving the Oglala Lakota community on the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation. The announcement was made at the groundbreaking ceremony for the
Regenerative Community which plans to build additional housing, a small farm, an
aquaponics greenhouse, a grocery store, powwow grounds and a youth center on the
Reservation. Today's funding announcement is for Phase One of the project.

"The lack of affordable housing and non-existent or crumbling infrastructure has
locked too many tribal communities in a cycle that makes economic opportunity
nearly impossible." said Wheelock. "With creative public-private partnerships
and smart investments like the Regenerative Community and critical housing and
supporting infrastructure, we can break that cycle. This will be another example
of how targeted, place-based, community economic development can work and
another demonstration of the Obama Administration's commitment to the future of
Indian Country."

USDA financing for this project comes from USDA Rural Development and includes:

Rural Housing Site loan for $489,000 to assist with the development of the
streets and utilities for 23 lots;
    Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance grant for $300,000 to establish and
develop a self-help program that will start with the construction of 12 new
homes;
    Water and Waste Disposal loan funds of $30,000 and Water and Waste Disposal
Native American Set-Aside grant of $672,000 for drinking water and sanitary
sewer systems; and
    Water and Waste Disposal loan of $271,000 and a grant of $209,000 for the
storm drainage project.

In addition to USDA Rural Development, other investment partners include the
Sustainable Home Ownership Project, USDA Rural Development, Enterprise Community
Partners, the Northwest Area Foundation, and the Bush Foundation.

Thunder Valley CDC will manage the Regenerative Community under the direction of
Executive Director Nick Tilsen and in cooperation with other community partners
and key local, tribal and regional organizations, and will take a holistic
approach to addressing the area's most challenging issues.

In April 2015, Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe, South
Dakota was one of eight newly designated Promise Zones by the Obama
Administration. Promise Zones are high poverty communities where the federal
government partners with local leaders to increase economic activity, improve
educational opportunities, leverage private investment, reduce violent crime,
enhance public health and address other community identified priorities.

Today's event is part of USDA's celebration of the National Homeownership Month
and the 50th anniversary of USDA's Mutual Self-Help Housing program which has
built 50,000 homes for new homeowners.

USDA Rural Development in South Dakota has offices in Aberdeen, Huron, Mitchell,
Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls, Watertown, and Yankton. For more information,
visit the USDA Rural Development website at http://www.rd.usda.gov/sd.

The Administration's plan for rural America has brought about historic
investment and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's
leadership, these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Congress Releases FY2015 Omnibus Spending Bill

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Association of Development Organizations, The Government of USA has
issued the following news release:

On December 10, Congressional appropriators released their $1.013 trillion
fiscal year (FY) 2015 spending package (H.R. 83). The package, commonly referred
to as the "cromnibus" includes new policy and spending levels for 11 of the 12
annual appropriations bill through September 30, 2015 and a continuing
resolution (CR) for the Department of Homeland Security through February 27,
2015. The Homeland Security appropriations bill is only funded through February
to allow time for Republicans in the new Congress to use the spending bill as a
mechanism for crafting a legislative response to President Obama's decision to
use his executive authority to make changes to immigration policy.

The spending package would set regular discretionary spending at $1.013
trillion, meeting the defense and nondefense spending limits set under last
year's budget deal of $521.3 billion and $492.4 billion, respectively.

Key NADO Federal Agencies and Programs for FY2015:

Economic Development Administration

$250 million for EDA (up 1.4% from last year)

$99 million for Public Works (up $3 million or 3% from last year)
 $30 million for Planning (up $1 million or 3.4% from last year)
 $35 million for Economic Adjustment Assistance (down 16.6% from last year)
 $10 million for assistance to coal communities (continuation of $3 million in
new funding provided last year)

Federal-State Regional Commissions

$90 million for the Appalachian Regional Commission (up 12% from last year)

$10 million for ARC broadband initiatives in coal impacted regions (up 23% from
last year)
 $10 million for an ARC workforce training program focused on the automotive
supplier industry (new funding)

$12 million for the Delta Regional Authority (level funding from last year; DRA
also receives a $3 million transfer in USDA-RD funds)

$10 million for the Denali Commission (level funding from last year)

$5 million for the Northern Border Regional Commission (level from last year)

$250,000 for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission (level funding from last
year)

U.S. Department of Transportation

$500 million for TIGER Grants (down 16.6% from last year)

$41 billion for Federal Highway Administration (down 1.8% from last year)

$8.595 billion for Federal Transit Administration state and local transit grant
funding (down .05% from last year)

USDA-Rural Development

$2.4 billion for Rural Development Programs (level funding from last year)

HUD-Community Planning and Development

$3 billion for CDBG formula grants (down 0.9% from last year)

$900 million for the State Non-Entitlement CDBG Program (down 0.9% from last
year)

$900 million for the HOME Investments Partnership Program (down 10.5% from last
year)

Funding for unauthorized sustainable, green, or livable community development
programs were not included.

DOL-Employment and Training Administration

$3.1 billion for WIA State Employment and Training funding (down .06% from last
year)

$1.7 billion for Job Corps (level funding from last year)

$434.4 million for the Community Service Employment for Older Americans Programs
(up 14% from last year)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                           February 11, 1997, Tuesday

Budget funding proposal to help young repeat criminal offenders

BYLINE: JOHN SHORT

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 496 words


ASSISTANCE schemes for young repeat criminal offenders would receive special
funding under plans being considered by the Federal Government.

The Government may also fund private schemes that provide rural housing and work
programs to young people "at risk" of offending.

Details of initiatives in these areas are likely to be announced in the 1997-98
Budget in May.

Government sources said these proposals were being considered in conjunction
with the work-for-the dole initiative for 16 to 20-year-olds that the Prime
Minister, Mr Howard, foreshadowed on Sunday and which will also be detailed in
the Budget.

The proposals had arisen out of government consideration of its response to the
Aboriginal Deaths In Custody report.

They said the Prime Minister's work-for-the-dole initiative was based on the
Community Development Employment Projects (CDEP) scheme administered by the
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission.

The CDEP program provides Aborigines with the opportunity to work in a wide
range of community projects and enterprises, with ATSIC paying a grant for the
proposed activity and wages, as well as funding to cover administrative and
material costs.

The Minister for Health, Dr Wooldridge, yesterday strongly endorsed the CDEP
scheme, telling Parliament it "has been an extraordinarily beneficial scheme in
raising self-esteem, in community building, in reengaging people and in breaking
that cycle of hopelessness and despair". His comments came in response to a
question on the health effects of unemployment, with the Minister stating "there
is a clear and unequivocal link between long-term unemployment and reduced
health outcomes". "People who are long-term unemployed have lower health status,
their physical health declines, they see doctors more often and they suffer from
more long-term chronic conditions," he added.

He also highlighted the link between unemployment and youth suicides, telling
Parliament: "There is no doubt in the minds of many of the experts that this
(youth suicides) is linked to work and a cycle of despair and hopelessness."

The Australian Medical Association yesterday endorsed the Minister's comments
and backed Mr Howard's work-for-the-dole initiative, saying it "deserved full
consideration". "Unemployment places a massive strain on the health and
well-being of those young Australians who find themselves out of work," AMA
president Dr Keith Woollard said.

"We need to find innovative programs that will help mitigate the devastating
effects unemployment can have on individuals. Young people in particular need a
sense of purpose and meaning in their lives something that is often robbed from
them by lack of work."  The Prime Minister also received strong backing for his
initiative from the ATSIC commissioner for Queensland, Mr Ian Delaney, who also
called for increased funding for the CDEP scheme. He said Mr Howard "should be
encouraged and supported in this initiative".

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Nolan's Statement on Trump's Proposed Budget

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Rick Nolan has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Rep. Rick Nolan today responded to President Trump's proposed budget:





 "I'm gravely concerned by President Trump's drastic proposed cuts to vital
programs that Minnesotans value and depend on," Nolan said. "The simple truth is
these massive cuts to funding for environmental protection, education,
transportation and housing is bad for our national economy and national
security."



 Nolan also noted the vague nature of President Trump's Budget Blueprint to Make
America Great Again: "The President's budget does not provide the specificity
necessary to justify the massive cuts he proposes in his budget."



 Nolan cited several specific concerns in the proposed budget:



     Funding for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) suffers a $5.8 billion
cut, making it one of the hardest-hit research agencies. This funding level,
adjusting for inflation, would set cancer and other vital health research back
to levels last seen in Fiscal Year 1999.

     Funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative (GLRI) is eliminated
entirely. Nolan has led the charge in Congress to secure authorized funding
through 2021 at $300 million per year.

     Funding for the Essential Air Service (EAS) is eliminated entirely. EAS
provides more than $5 million annually to airports in Brainerd, Bemidji,
Hibbing/Chisholm, and International Falls in northeastern Minnesota, and Thief
River Falls in northwestern Minnesota. President Trump's proposal claims that
"several EAS-eligible communities are relatively close to major airports, and
communities that have EAS could be served by other existing modes of
transportation." This slap in the face to rural residents demonstrates a severe
lack of knowledge about our Nation's rural communities. In Minnesota's Eighth
District, constituents rely on small airports to travel as they are 4 hours, or
more, away from a major airport.

     Funding for the Coast Guard faces a $1.3 billion cut, severely damaging the
Coast Guard's ability to protect our borders. The Coast Guard's maritime safety
work and ice breaking on the Great Lakes supports commerce, creating good-paying
jobs in Minnesota.

     Funding for the Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery
(TIGER) grant program is eliminated. This program awards grants to projects that
are generally eligible for funding under existing surface transportation formula
programs. Nolan helped secure $10 million in TIGER grant funding for the new
Intermodal project at the Port of Duluth, which will allow for more commerce to
travel in and out of the port of Duluth, creating good-paying jobs across the
region.

     Funding for the USDA water and waste-disposal loan and grant program is
eliminated. This program helps with water and waste infrastructure in rural
areas.

     Funding for the National Forest System is significantly reduced.

     Funding for Community Development Block Grants is eliminated, which funds,
among other things, Meals on Wheels - which, for many seniors, is the only
nutritious meal, and the only visit, they get every day.

     Funding for federal student aid programs face significant cuts.

     Funding for Federal TRIO Programs is cut by 10%. These programs provide
services to help low-income students attend and complete college.

     President Trump's proposal undermines the strength of our public school
system. by funneling hundreds of millions of dollars in public school funds to
boost charter schools and private schools.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             August 5, 2011 Friday

Journal Recor Business Briefs: August 8, 2011

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1509  words


Academy Salute set for Aug. 19

TULSA - The Oklahoma Academy's 18th annual Academy Salute is scheduled Aug. 19
at the DoubleTree Hotel Warren Place in Tulsa.

A reception is scheduled at 5:30 p.m. with the program at 6:30 p.m.

The Salute theme is "Movers, Shakers and Policy Makers: Saluting Those Who Make
a Difference!" The program will include "Salutes" to members of Oklahoma's
congressional delegation, statewide elected and appointed officials and the
legislative leadership.

"It is an excellent opportunity to be among the state's elected leaders,
business leaders and community leaders," said Tom McKeon, president of Tulsa
Community College and the chairman of The Oklahoma Academy.

Gov. Mary Fallin will present opening remarks. Honorary chairs are Stuart
Solomon, president and chief operation officer, Public Service Company of
Oklahoma, and his wife, Dana Solomon. Mike Turpen, former state attorney
general, will be emcee.

Dave Lopez, state secretary of commerce and tourism, will be presented the Key
Contributor award. The Capitol Steps, a Washington, D.C., musical troupe, will
provide entertainment.

Ticket prices for Oklahoma Academy members are $150 per person and $275 per
couple. Tickets for nonmembers are $175 per person and $300 per couple. To buy
tickets, call (405) 232-5828.

- Staff report

Tribe to open casino in Shawnee

SHAWNEE - The Absentee Shawnee Tribe of Oklahoma plans to open a casino on
Thursday at 2501 S. Gordon Cooper Dr. in Shawnee.

Officials said Thunderbird Casino: Shawnee will create 60 jobs.

Marketing director Lisa Frazier said the new casino will have 250 slot machines,
a seating area for dining and full-service cocktails.

A grand-opening celebration will feature live music from the band Smilin Vic.

Drew Word will be the general manager.

The Absentee Shawnee Tripe also operates Thunderbird Casino: Norman.

- Staff report

Oneok, Partners to join in conference

TULSA - Oneok Inc. and Oneok Partners will participate in the Tuohy Brothers
Annual Midstream One-on-One Conference in New York City on Tuesday.

John W. Gibson, chairman, president and CEO of Oneok and Oneok Partners, will
conduct a series of meetings with investment-community representatives at the
conference.

The materials utilized at the conference will be at www.oneok.com and
www.oneokpartners.com at 7 a.m. Tuesday.

- Staff report

Chamber sets networking sessions

EDMOND - The Edmond Area Chamber of Commerce has scheduled its monthly
networking events -Morning Mingle and Business After Hours.

The August Business After Hours event, presented by Cox Business, is scheduled
from 5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m. Tuesday at Oklahoma Fidelity Bank, 1127 E. Second St.
Food will be provided by Cafe 501.

The August Morning Mingle is scheduled from 8 a.m. to 9:30 a.m. Aug. 17 at
Integris Family Care-Coffee Creek, 2916 N. Kelly Ave. Graco Roofing is the
presenting sponsor for the Morning Mingle Series.

- Staff report

Panhandle Oil, Gas plans presentation

OKLAHOMA CITY - Panhandle Oil and Gas will participate in Enercom's Oil and Gas
Conference in Denver.

Michael C. Coffman, Panhandle president and CEO, and Paul Blanchard, senior vice
president and chief operating officer, will make a presentation at 10:45 a.m.
Aug. 16. The presentation will be available at
theoilandgasconference.com/webcast.shtml.

- Staff report

Broken Arrow Chamber sets expo

BROKEN ARROW - The Broken Arrow Area Chamber's annual Home & Business Expo will
be at Nienhuis Park Community Center from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Aug. 20.

Admission is free. More than 70 vendors are expected to participate.

Sponsors include Cox Business, The Broken Arrow Ledger, Floral Haven Funeral
Home and Tulsa Technology Center.

For information, visit www.brokenarrowchamber.com.

- Staff report

YMCA seeks mentors

OKLAHOMA CITY - The YMCA of Greater Oklahoma City is seeking business
professionals to serve as mentors to minority teenagers to help them develop
aspirations for careers through Y Achievers, a college-prep and career
exploration program.

"Through academic aid, career exploration and mentoring, Y Achievers helps
students raise their academic standards, consider college and career options and
learn from role models who inspire them to greater heights," said Shannon
O'Connor, director of teen leadership initiatives at the YMCA of Greater
Oklahoma City.

Mentors are asked to volunteer about two hours per month from September to
April. Those interested in volunteering with the program must set up an initial
phone interview by Aug. 19 with Program Coordinator Milyaka Edwards at (405)
297-7734. There will be a mandatory training session for mentors later this
month.

- Staff report

Workers' comp workshop offered

OKLAHOMA CITY - The Northwest Chamber will present a workers' compensation
workshop from 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. Aug. 18 at the Fairfield Inn & Suites,
located at 5700 Northwest Expressway.

A panel will include Sen. Anthony Sykes, R-Moore; Mike Seney, senior vice
president, The State Chamber of Oklahoma; and Denise Engle, deputy commissioner
of workers' compensation with the Oklahoma Insurance Department.

Registration is $15 and includes lunch. To register, call (405) 789-1256.

- Staff report

Minority and Women Business Summit set

BROKEN ARROW - Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma Inc. has scheduled a "Minority and
Women Business Summit" in Broken Arrow.

The summit is scheduled from 8:30 a.m. to 3 p.m. Aug. 17 at Northeastern State
University in Broken Arrow.

There is a $25 fee, which includes lunch. Registration information is at
www.ruralenterprises.com.

Presenters will include James Ray, coordinator, REI's Native American Business
Enterprise Center; Larry Findeiss, Tulsa Technology Center Oklahoma Bid
Assistance Network Coordinator; Terri Shook, Small Business Administration
Procurement Center representative; John Blue, Oklahoma Small Business
Development Center director; Veronica Hix, Cherokee Nation; Terri Gateward, city
of Tulsa Bridge Program coordinator; Pam Walker, SBA; Curtis Evans, Oklahoma
Manufacturing Alliance; Vanessa Woodfork, SBA; Sam Vaverka, REI loan officer;
Freida Satepeahtaw-Bailey, U.S. Department of the Interior; and Barbara Rackley,
REI's Women's Business Center Coordinator.

Co-sponsors of the summit include the REI Native American Business Enterprise
Center, SBA, Oklahoma Small Business Development Center, Tulsa Technology
Center, Oklahoma Business Assistance Network, Northeastern State University,
Cherokee Nation, city of Tulsa Bridge Program, Oklahoma Manufacturing Alliance
and REI's Women's Business Center.

- Staff report

OHFA presents Apex Awards

OKLAHOMA CITY - The Oklahoma Housing Finance Agency has presented five Apex
Awards.

Herb Matlock of Garvin received the Friend of Affordable Housing award. Matlock
is chairman of the Little Dixie Community Action Agency's board of directors and
represents the Idabel Chamber of Commerce.

The Housing Revitalization award was presented to the Midwest Housing Equity
Group, which in 2010 raised $24 million in equity capital for developments in
Oklahoma.

Palo Duro II Inc., managed by Neighborhood Services Organization, received the
Special Needs Housing award. Palo Duro II completed construction on a 14-bedroom
apartment complex in Oklahoma City's Midtown for homeless people.

The Community Development award was presented to Redwood Development/Bell
Management. Redwood Development has developed more than 400 affordable housing
units in Oklahoma.

The Rural Housing award was presented to the Housing Authority of the Seminole
Nation of Oklahoma, which provides affordable housing for tribal members.

- Staff report

Producer grants available

STILLWATER - Aug. 29 is the deadline to submit applications for value-added
producer grants.

The program is designed to help agricultural producers add value to their raw
commodity prior to sale. This can include the development of marketing
strategies or the development of business plans for the viable production of
products from agricultural commodities.

Applicants may apply for either a planning grant of up to $100,000 or a working
capital grant of up to $300,000.

"Value-added agricultural not only improves margins for producers, but allows a
greater amount of wealth creation to be retained in rural areas," said Ryan
McMullen, state director for USDA Rural Development.

For information, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_VAPG_Grants.html.

- Staff report

Entrepreneurship school receives grant

STILLWATER - Oklahoma State University's School of Entrepreneurship received a
$36,400 grant from the Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation to encourage
innovative thinking and market-based principles across campus.

The grant will be used to support four new initiatives in the School of
Entrepreneurship during the next 12 months.

The first initiative involves development of liberty modules for all sections of
"Introduction to Entrepreneurship. " These modules will focus on the roles of
ethics, values, free enterprise and personal liberty in supporting
entrepreneurial behavior.

The dissemination of the results of the overall project to various audiences is
the final initiative.

- Staff report

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                               May 2, 2005 Monday
                                  All Editions

Brewer leaders look for funding guidance

BYLINE: NOK-NOI HAUGER OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: BREWER


When it comes to helping rural communities with business opportunities,
cooperative ventures, affordable housing, reducing utility costs and community
development programs, there is one federal agency that is there to lend a hand.

Rural Development, which falls under the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is that
agency.

"To me Rural Development is the federal agency that makes an impact on rural
communities," City Councilor Michael Celli said Friday.

When city leaders found out Gilbert Gonzalez Jr., the acting under secretary of
the USDA's Rural Development, was in town on Friday, they invited him to lunch
at the Muddy Rudder to brainstorm ideas for funding to assist with developing
the city's ambitious Penobscot Landing project.

The riverfront project spans the length of the river between the three bridges
that connect the city to Bangor. The project now includes redevelopment of the
former Eastern Fine Paper Co. mill site, which has been named The Mill at
Penobscot Landing, and will be connected to the original project by a walking
path.

"We think there is a role for Rural Development," Mayor Joseph Ferris told 15
city and USDA officials who had lunch together Friday. "[The Mill at Penobscot
Landing] has a chance to not only replace what we had, but to improve it."

Eastern Fine, once Brewer's largest employer, closed its doors in January 2004,
laying off the remaining 240 of approximately 500 original employees. The site
was given to the city as part of the sales agreement for Eastern Fine's parent
company in May 2004.

The USDA awarded Brewer funds to research creating the Penobscot Landing
project's historic riverside walking path, and the city now has a proposed
application for $90,000 to plan and design The Mill project that is under
consideration by the agency. The decision on the pending application should be
made by June.

Gonzalez is from San Antonio, Texas, a city that developed the now famous River
Walk to attract tourists and improve the quality of life for residents.

"I know what a development like this can do for a city," he said. "[The River
Walk] brought a lot of industry and tourists to San Antonio."

Michael Aube, the state director for USDA Rural Development, suggested that
Brewer officials try to get the city designated as a Preserve America Community.

Preserve America is a White House initiative in cooperation with the Advisory
Council on Historic Preservation, the U.S. Departments of the Interior,
Commerce, Agriculture, and Housing and Urban Development. First lady Laura Bush
is the program's honorary chair.

"These matching grants of $10,000 to $100,000 would be distributed on a
competitive basis to projects that preserve and use important historic resources
for promotion of heritage tourism and other economic revitalization projects,"
the Preserve America Web site states.

The deadline for the next round of Preserve America funding is June 30, Aube
said.

"You'll have an application by June 30," promised Drew Sachs, economic
development director for Brewer.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              July 15, 2013 Monday

SPECIAL FEATURE: MVP at 67;
Glimpses of giving

BYLINE: April Paulyn B. Roque

SECTION: Pg. S6/2

LENGTH: 1208 words


WHILE BUSINESSES in the country are not mandated by law to observe corporate
social responsibility (CSR), which is defined by the World Business Council for
Sustainable Development as "the continuing commitment by businesses to
contribute to economic development while improving the quality of life of the
work force and their families as well as of the community and society at large,"
companies under the MVP Group have made it a point to create and develop CSR
programs to help improve Filipinos' lives and ultimately, build a better nation.

ONE MERALCO FOUNDATION

Manila Electric Co. (Meralco) carries out its vision of giving back to the
community through its official CSR arm, One Meralco Foundation.

One Meralco was launched in July 2011 with an aim to integrate all CSR
initiatives of the energy solutions company. The foundation focuses on four main
areas - community electrification, grassroots partnerships, youth and sports
advocacy, and emergency preparedness and disaster response - to carry out
programs and projects that are sustainable and will continue to benefit the
community in the long run.

Through the community electrification initiative, One Meralco aims to develop
feasible electrification alternatives for communities that are unable to avail
of normal electrification services because of several limitations.

With the help of different local government units (LGUs) and nongovernment
organizations (NGOs), among other institutions, it has created workable schemes
to bring power, literally, to informal settlers in public and private
properties, isolated communities, and families or individuals who don't meet the
minimum legal requirements to secure an electricity connection.

These schemes include the Household Electrification Program, which provides
affordable electric services in various depressed communities; the School
Electrification Program, which energizes schools in rural areas through the use
of solar PV systems; the Communal Infrastructure Electrification Program, which
brings electricity to community infrastructures in rural areas, such as street
lights and community health centers; and the Electric and Safety Inspection of
Public Schools, which involves a comprehensive electrical safety inspection and
assessment in select public schools all over the country.

Efforts to help local communities in terms of health, sanitation, environmental
protection and education, on the other hand, are done by One Meralco through
partnerships with different LGUs and barangays. These efforts include programs
that involve giving financial grants to select marginalized communities to
support their livelihood projects, relationship-building activities between
different Meralco business centers and their respective communities, and
educating communities about "bio intensive gardening" or backyard farming
techniques for food sustenance and livelihood opportunities.

The foundation also supports today's youth through a number of sports
activities. The Meralco Basketboys Program, for instance, is a basketball clinic
aimed at developing the basketball skills of disadvantaged youth and making them
understand values like leadership and teamwork at the same time. The Meralco
Chess Campus Tour Workshop, on the other hand, holds lectures and chess
exhibitions for the youth to hone their problem-solving skills. To date, it has
trained around 372 boys and girls from public schools.

MAYNILAD

As one of the major water services providers in the country, Maynilad observes
corporate citizenship through a number of community development programs.

The Samahang Tubig Maynilad, which was launched in May 2009, addresses water
inaccessibility problems and irresponsible water use in poor communities and
Maynilad's concession areas.

Because residents of these areas usually lack the legal requirements for a water
service connection, most of them do not know how to manage a working water
system responsibly. The Samahang Tubig Maynilad project educates them about the
water management programs in their area and trains them on how these should be
maintained.

As a result, water management and distribution systems are placed in these
communities and Maynilad forms a working relationship with the community, which
fosters higher productivity and confidence levels among the residents.

The project earned an Anvil Award for Excellence in 2010, and in the same year,
was recognized by the International Water Association under the Project
Innovations Department category, an award said to be reserved for innovative
water and sanitation programs in low and middle-income countries.

Similar to Samahang Tubig Maynilad but with a focus on schools, Lingkod Eskwela
targets public schools that have no access to potable water. Through Lingkod
Eskwela, Maynilad builds drinking fountains, cleans water reservoirs and tanks
in the area, conducts regular inspection of the drinking water to check its
quality, and carries out regular de-sludging of the septic tanks to uphold
proper sanitation.

In 2011, Maynilad built a water treatment plant in Putatan, Muntinlupa, and with
its completion, Lingkod Eskwela was implemented in four of the poorest public
schools in the barangay, street lights, drainages and sidewalks were installed,
and a Maynilad day care center was constructed for the community as well.

PLDT-SMART FOUNDATION

The PLDT-Smart Foundation (PSF) serves as the social outreach arm of Philippine
Long Distance Telephone Company (PLDT) and its wireless counterpart, Smart
Communications. It was incorporated as PLDT Foundation in August 1994 and
evolved into PLDT-Smart Foundation in February 2007. Since then, it has been
actively developing ways of giving back to the community through several key
areas, including education, sports, social entrepreneurship, disaster
preparedness, and poverty reduction.

Among the major projects launched by the foundation, together with its partners,
were the Gabay Guro Program and Project Pagsulong.

The Gabay Guro Program is a key initiative by the PLDT-Smart Foundation to
improve education in the country. It fosters the professional development of
Filipino teachers by offering scholarship grants to deserving students pursuing
a degree in education, providing proper teaching tools to ensure the quality of
education being taught, and consistently supporting the teachers through
activities that remind the them how much they are appreciated.

Project Pagsulong, on the other hand, is a contest inviting young Filipinos to
come up with fresh and creative business ideas that can provide sustainable ways
of alleviating poverty in the country or concrete solutions to pressing social
issues.

It also aims to promote the use of information and communications technology as
a tool among budding social entrepreneurs.

The contest offers cash grants to the winning teams, and through pre- and
post-project mentoring from key figures in the industry and partner
institutions, such as the Outstanding Students of the Philippines (TOSP) alumni,
makes sure that their business ideas are put to work right away.

The nine-day boot camp of the finalists was completed in October last year, and
they are expected to carry out preliminary actions for their enterprises from
April of this year to April 2014.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             April 16, 2013 Tuesday

`Many opportunities made available to Indians'

SECTION: ; 5 questions with Datuk Seri G. Palanivel; LOCAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 669 words


Question: How is MIC preparing to woo young and new voters, some 2.3 million of
them?

Answer: MIC has initiated a working team that has been on the ground explaining
its functions to the society over the last two years. We have successfully
mobilised large crowds many times, including young voters. We are also working
closely with Umno and various Indian non-governmental organisations to further
encourage people to join the party and support our cause.

Question: The opposition claims that MIC never took care of hardcore poor
Indians. What have you to say about this?

Answer: The opposition can say whatever it wants. The truth is the party has
helped many Indians break free from the shackles of poverty. The Amanah Ikthiar
Malaysia (Aim) programme, a microcredit scheme, for Indian women was introduced
by me in 2001 when I was in the Rural Development Ministry.

It has since helped more than 3,000 people to earn a reasonable income.

Further assistance was given to Aim when the prime minister allocated RM100
million during last year's budget. Also, various empowerment programmes have
been carried out, including "Reach and Teach" that looks into assisting weak
students to perform better in their studies. MIC also has service centres
nationwide if the people need assistance. Has the opposition done anything of
this sort?

Question: If BN is given the chance to lead again, how will the government
maintain the trust of the Indian community? What are some of the plans that are
set to take off?

Answer: There is an ongoing initiative involving several university economists
and they have prepared a project paper themed "The Indian Economic Agenda".

Post-elections, our aim is to discuss with Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak
on future directions for Indians in areas such as education, pre-schooling,
skills training programmes, scholarships, loans, university placement and
economic and social empowerment.

We will also be looking at funding for students training in co-curricular
activities such as football, badminton and hockey.

Question: Despite millions of ringgit allocated for education, some quarters
claim the welfare of Indian students continues to be neglected. What is your
response to this claim?

Answer: Many opportunities have been made available for Indians over the last
few years. These include an initiative from Universiti Teknologi Mara
vice-chancellor Prof Datuk Seri Dr Sahol Hamid Abu Bakar who had recently agreed
to provide 500 places at polytechnics nationwide for Indian students who have
three credits in the Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM) examination.

The prime minister has also increased opportunities for Indian students when he
visited a polytechnic in Teluk Kemang and announced a total of 1,776 places for
Indians who had scored only three credits in their SPM.

Question: Has the percentage of poverty among Indians decreased in the past five
years? What has MIC done to alleviate poverty?

Answer: Yes, the percentage is decreasing. Since 1995, I have been at the
forefront helping poor Indians under the Women, Family and Community Development
Ministry and later brought Indians in 2005 under the Aim programme.

Later in 2004, the Sutera Saree project, a three-day sewing skills training
programme was conducted nationwide. Some 3,000 women were trained during this
period, which was aimed at empowering poor Indian women to become self-reliant
entrepreneurs.

A similar programme was also carried out for potters and they are now earning
better than before.

In the next five years, we hope to transform and bring the Indian community into
mainstream development via initiatives in education and socio-economic
programmes.

Also, in the last few years, many initiatives have been introduced to overcome
poverty among the Indian community.

The amount for small businesses under Yayasan Tekun has been increased to RM50
million.

Another RM180 million have been allocated for small and medium scale enterprises
and the prime minister has announced another RM100 million for Aim.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Technology platform for biodiversity conservation and strengthening of education
for young people in the Caribbean Corridor Esmeralda

LENGTH: 569  words


Project Number: HND/SGP/OP5/Y3/STAR/BD/14/08


Country: Honduras
Area Of Work: Biodiversity


Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 50,000.00


Start Date: 7/2014


End Date: 1/2016


Status: Currently under execution


Project Description: The project will be divided into three phases:


In the first phase organizationally strengthen the Youth Group Technological
Development of the Caribbean which will design and methodology of training of
trainers, ie Training Community Trainers Theme computing and using these will
run to train neighbors their communities on conservation of biodiversity and
early pregnancy, for which they will manage sites provided computer equipment.

Ongoing activities will include:
Development of a motivational video documentary for the campaign management, the
video will be made ??showing the training activities undertaken by members of
the Rural Technology Caribbean, emphasizing the testimony of Cynthia (girl
herself has trained 30 people ).
He will plan and a dissemination plan and visits to organizations and
institutions will be developed to manage the donation of computer equipment for
the project.
agreements with techniques for the rehabilitation of the donated equipment is
necessary if institutions were established.
Development of rules and regulations of the organization.
Establishment six sites computing communities.
Development of a repair and preventive maintenance of computer equipment.
Training workshop for trainers.
training of trainers workshop in computer, internet and social networking.
Training for implementation of E-learning as a training tool.
operationalization of Community Trainers or Trainers network and computing
sites.
In the second phase the capacities of members of the Rural Technology Balfate
Caribbean and Santa Fe will be strengthened in order to make use of computers in
environmental education and awareness, prevention and climate change and
fighting forest fires .
Ongoing activities will include:
Provision of inputs of information and training on the topics in question to be
emptied as files on computers.
Development of a plan of community awareness activities in different computing
sites.
The third phase of the members of the Group of Rural Technology Balfate
Caribbean and Santa Fe, develop a training process in communities on the
prevention of early pregnancy.
Ongoing activities will include:
training of trainers workshop on prevention of early pregnancy and the use of
the E-learning platform for this purpose.

Development of a plan of community exposure E-learning platform on the subject
in different computing sites.
The RDS-HN is proposing this project focused on strengthening the capacity and
skills of rural youth in the management of information and communication
technologies especially the e-learning and incorporate them as tools for the
development of local communities, local organizations and other initiatives in
Project completion date : 2016-01-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : House United Nations Avenue Republic of Panama
Tegucigalpa, Francisco Morazán, 976
Attn:  Mr. Hugo Galeano

Country :Honduras
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017


Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000


Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Western People

                                October 31, 2007

Community Alert continues to make a difference

SECTION: ON THE AIRWAYS

LENGTH: 553 words


THIS week has been designated Community Alert Week and I'm glad to see that this
initiative that was started by Muintir na Tíre in 1985 is still recognised as an
important facet of life in rural Ireland. Community alert has in many ways been
a saviour for rural dwellers here in the west of Ireland and the fact that it
has survived for over two decades clearly demonstrates that it has served a
meaningful purpose.

It was originally set up in response to a series of attacks on older people in
rural Ireland in the autumn of 1984 through the auspices of Muintir na Tíre and
the Garda Síochána and works in conjunction with voluntary groups in practically
every county in Ireland.

The programme has its roots in the Christian social principals of Muintir na
Tíre - a national organisation promoting community development in Ireland and
established by John M. Canon Hayes in the early 60s - and bases its development
around the whole community as a unit of organisation through which positive
social, economic, cultural and environmental changes occur.

Despite rising crime rates it is generally accepted that community alert has
made an enormous impact on the lives of people living in isolated rural areas of
the country who feel vulnerable and afraid of being attacked and robbed. Sadly,
when burglaries were common place in rural Ireland over 20 years ago many older
people simply fled their homes in search of safety. Community alert has quickly
stepped in to take a leading role in insuring that older people living alone
need no longer feel as though they have to fight the fight on their own.

Although neighbourliness, responsibility and the needs of others remain the core
values associated with community alert they have other strings to their bow with
numerous volunteers giving advice on accident prevention, the promotion of
personal safety and more recently grant-aided schemes that entice older people
to purchase alarm systems. Unfortunately it seems that crime has always been and
always will be part and parcel of the Ireland we live in but through community
alert the rates of crime have be curtailed by a voluntary group that really has
stood the test of time. Perhaps this week you may be asked to join your local
community alert group or more importantly you might take the first steps in
setting up a group in your own community if no such group exists. Not alone can
it make a difference - it actually will make a difference.

Music weekend

I'M delighted to say this year that due to popular demand we're in a position to
announce a third Music to your Ears weekend from 25th - 27th January 2008 at the
Galway Bay Hotel, Salthill.

For two days and nights it will be non-stop music and entertainment all the way
with some of the biggest names on the Irish scene including Mike Denver, Jimmy
Buckley, Declan Nerney, John McNicoll, The Conquerors and La Bamba. For the
all-in price of 269 euro per person, the weekend also includes the two nights
bed and breakfast, gala dinner and transfers to and from the hotel.

Over the years these weekends have become hugely popular and I have to say at a
personal level, they are most enjoyable and something that we look forward to
all year. If you would like more information, don't hesitate in call our holiday
line on 094-9631040 or log onto www.paulclaffeytours.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 27, 1993

Cisneros' Legislative Program

BYLINE: BY HENRY G. CISNEROS, Secretary, Department of Housing And Urban
Development

SECTION: OPEN FORUM; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 935 words

HIGHLIGHT: Mr. Cineros recently addressed the Senate Committee on Banking,
Housing and Urban Affairs, in support of the Housing and Community Development
Act of 1993.  The following is excerpted from his statement as our Open Forum
report.


The Housing and Community Development Act of 1993 is designed to achieve three
primary objectives:

First, the bill would provide the Department with the tools and authority to
address its most pressing management problem -- the explosive growth of FHA's
multifamily inventory.

This legislation would make a series of changes to existing law, relieving the
most onerous statutory restrictions as well as making the current disposition
process more flexible.

We strongly believe that three changes -- by enabling the expeditions
disposition of properties -- will help stabilize neighborhoods, preserve
affordability, and minimize cost to the federal government.

Second, the bill would provide flexibility to state and local agencies,
community groups and tenants by removing statutory impediments from HUD's
programs.  Examples of such program improvments include:

* Creating incentives to work in public housing by changing existing rent rules;

* Promoting economic and neighborhood revitalization through improved access to
the Section 108 loan guarantee program;

* Merging the department's two severely distressed public housing programs;

* Simplifying key elements of the home program;

* Encouraging community strategies to combat crime in neighborhoods through the
Community Partnerships Against Crime (Compac) program; and

* Freezing the base use to calculate administrative fees under the section 8
program.

Finally, the bill would make a series of technical corrections to provisions in
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 and other recent housing
authorization laws.

I would like discuss four amendments we have proposed to our fiscal 94 budget
request.  As you know, the fiscal 1994 budget was produced quickly and submitted
last April.  Since then, a range of organizations have come to the Department
seeking partnerships.

We have been encouraged by the positive reception we have received, the
willingness -- eagerness -- to work with us that has been expressed by such
disparate groups as nonprofit organizations, the private sector, foundations,
labor leaders, and many others.

People want to partner with us, want to innovate and share responsibility in
helping individuals regain their independence - in helping communities restore
their social and economic vitality.

We have an opportunity to leverage the power of the private sector, to harness
resources as yet untapped -- or not yet utilized to full effectiveness -- to
help fulfill the Department's mission.

'Right now, we don't even have sufficient funds -- nor adequate flexibility --
to tap into these opportunities-to take advantage of the partnerships that can
make a difference in the lives of those in our most distressed communities --
those without a job, those without a home.  These are the reasons why we are
proposing the following four amendments:

The first two provisions would amend the annual contributions for assisted
housing:

* The pension fund partnership is our proposal for a set-aside of $ 100 million
within the annual contributions account for Section S project-based certificates
in support of partnerships with private pension funds.  Financing from pension
funds would be in conjunction with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mae, state and local
credit support or private securitization.

The $ 100 billion would deliver up to 3,000 project-based certificates that
would be used by low-income renters in assisted housing project constructed or
rehabilitated by the partnerships.

This could facilitate the repair and sale of some of the FHA multifamily
inventory and would provide a degree of financial stability to the new projects.

We also are requesting 3,000 additional units earmarked for the moving to
opportunity program under Section S, which would be accomplished by a shift in
units from regular incremental rental assistance, what we're talking about here
is deconcentration of the poor.

These increased funds would help families move from public housing or
project-based housing located in areas with high concentrations of poverty.  The
families would receive counseling from nonprofit organizations in finding
housing in low-poverty areas.  Moving to opportunity helps families move out of
obsolete and dilapidated housing into areas where their children can grow up
without the depressing and destructive effects of blight, poverty, and crime
around them.

The third provision is for $ 200 million for an innovative homeless initiatives
demonstration.

* This initiative would give the department the flexibility to target additional
resources to, and work cooperatively with, cities experiencing major
homelessness.

This flexibility is missing under the current McKinney Act formula and
competitive, categorical programs.

The assistance will help large cities bridge the gap between the "continuance of
care" approach and a fragmented local approach.

Because homelessness poses different problems in different venues, no one
solution would work for all, so small cities and rural areas will be included as
demonstration sites.

The fourth provision is a request for a $ 25 million set-aside in the HOME
Program account for assistance to local community development corporations.
These funds would leverage resources in the private sector to build the capacity
of community based development corporations.

The $ 25 million would be provided as a grant to the National Community
Development Initiative, a consortium of private foundations and a major
insurance company, organized to accelerate the growth of community development
corporations across the country.

LOAD-DATE: October 08, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Fresno Bee

                            April 16, 2005, Saturday

Officials from 15 states meet to discuss divisive Bush funding plan

BYLINE: By E.J. Schultz

LENGTH: 803 words



Community leaders from 15 states gathered in Fresno on Friday to discuss a Bush
administration proposal that could pit big city against small, urban against
rural in the battle for federal funding.

The city hosted the first of three planned meetings of a committee charged with
giving advice on what would be the biggest change to federal economic and
community-development programs in decades.

The proposal, called the Strengthening America's Communities Initiative, would
consolidate 18 federal economic-development programs in five agencies into one
program while cutting funding from $ 5.31 billion to $ 3.71 billion.

Critics say it would shift money away from large metropolitan areas.

Led by the Department of Commerce, the plan seeks to streamline grant giving,
target communities most in need and increase accountability.

"I think this is the start of something that is very historic in terms of how
policy is formed," said Fresno Mayor Alan Autry, one of 17 committee members,
during a three-hour public session at Fresno City Hall. Two members did not
attend.

Autry thinks Fresno would gain under the plan, which could change funding
formulas so that population is given less weight and poverty and unemployment
rates are given more.

The San Joaquin Valley, he reminded fellow committee members, has some of the
worst poverty rates in the nation. "I'm smack dab in the middle of the
hurtingest region of the United States of America."

The public session was followed by subcommittee meetings during which the group
was expected to begin laying a framework for the plan.

The committee will meet two more times, in Kansas City and an undetermined East
Coast city, and a report is due to the commerce secretary by the end of May. It
will be used to fill in the details of legislation the Bush administration will
urge congressional leaders to submit in June.

But the proposal is likely to face stiff political opposition.

The National League of Cities, the U.S. Conference of Mayors and the National
Association of Counties are against it. The groups are lobbying to save the
30-year-old Community Development Block Program, one of the programs slated for
consolidation. Run by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the
program targets low-income residents.

They are "taking the 'ud' out of HUD," said Stephen Young, director of the
Sacramento Housing & Redevelopment Agency and one of about 30 people listening
in on the public session.

He speculated that by reducing the role of HUD, which has a strong presence in
big cities, the plan was moving "money away from urban constituencies that form
a political base that has not voted for the president."

The Commerce Department is upfront about its plans to shift more money to rural
areas but says big cities won't be abandoned. The aim is to wean affluent cities
off funding, redistributing it to more needy areas, department official David
Bearden said after the public session.

He pointed to the wealthy cities of Greenwich, Conn.; Boca Raton, Fla.; and
Scottsdale, Ariz., which got a combined $ 2.9 million in formula-based block
grants this year, according to HUD.

Fresno and Fresno County received a combined $ 14.2 million, while Los Angeles
and Los Angeles County got $ 117 million.

Even HUD supporters say block-grant formulas, which have remained the same since
1978, should be tweaked. Young said cities with newer housing are penalized
because housing age is one factor. But he is against the radical shifts that the
Commerce Department would make.

Commerce Department officials on Friday made a case for boosting business-led
economic development. The Bush plan could reduce reliance on "perpetual
government assistance," said David Sampson, assistant secretary of commerce for
economic development. "The real opportunity is to engage the much larger
resources of the private sector."

Those in attendance mostly withheld judgment. Keith Kelley, president and CEO of
Fresno West Coalition for Economic Development, said in an interview that
"people are still trying to dissect it."

His nonprofit, which serves southwest Fresno, got $ 65,000 in block-grant funds
this year for housing, he said.

Whatever their thoughts, local leaders did not get a chance to express views
Friday. The Commerce Department said the chance for public comment will come May
12-13 at the Kansas City meeting.



-----

To see more of The Fresno Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fresnobee.com Copyright (c) 2005, The Fresno Bee, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: FR-FED-FUNDING-20050416

JOURNAL-CODE: FR

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2005 The Fresno Bee


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 21, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

Sasser Voices Opposition To Block Grant Proposal

Gwen Ifill, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A4

LENGTH: 625 words


Senate Budget Committee Chairman Jim Sasser (D-Tenn.) added his voice to the
growing chorus of opposition to President Bush's plan to turn $ 15 billion in
federal money over to the states.

Sasser said at a committee hearing yesterday that the funds the administration
proposes making available to the states come from programs that already are
scheduled to be cut by $ 27 billion over the next five years.

"That represents some $ 27 billion in increased taxes for state and local
governments if they wish to maintain current service levels under the block
grant," Sasser said.

Administration officials have promised not to cut existing funding for any of
the programs that would be included in the new block grant and to continue the
programs for five years. But critics have said funding for the targeted programs
is already scheduled to decline.

The administration proposal has been praised by governors for the flexibility
they say it would give them over how federal aid to states is administered, but
has angered city officials who insist it would deprive them of federal aid for
housing, anti-drug and community development programs.

State officials praise the proposal as an attempt to cut Washington-imposed red
tape, while city officials, who are now the direct recipients of many components
of targeted programs, say states would succumb to a budgeting process that
favors suburban and rural areas.

"The block grant proposal is not a policy that would address the problems facing
this country," said New York Mayor David N. Dinkins (D). "It is a policy that
would avoid those problems. There is no additional money, and there are no new
initiatives in this proposal. It simply reshuffles what we already have."

Twenty-eight states are struggling to balance their budgets this year. Governors
in Minnesota, Georgia, Indiana, California and Massachusetts have already
proposed direct or indirect cuts in state aid to local jurisdictions to save
money.

Boston Mayor Raymond L. Flynn (D) yesterday condemned the administration
proposal as a cynical attempt to cut existing domestic programs by pitting the
cities and states against each other for the same limited pool of money.

Flynn said White House Chief of Staff John H. Sununu and budget director Richard
G. Darman had worked out a plan where "if they [governors and mayors] turn on
each other, maybe neither one of them will turn on the White House."

Gov. John Ashcroft, (R-Mo.) defended the proposal as a sound way to better
manage scarce resources that is subject to negotiation.

"I would think that before anyone rejects or endorses the proposals, that we
ought to see it spelled out, study it, see how it might work, what benefits
might follow," said Ashcroft, who is vice-chairman of the National Governors'
Association (NGA). "It seems to me that anyone who blasts this proposal at this
point is shooting in the dark. And it's quite possible they'll shoot themselves
in the foot."

Ashcroft said the NGA would agree to resolve a city complaint by removing
Community Development Block Grants from the list of programs proposed for
turnover to states. Deputy White House budget director William M. Diefenderfer
III said he would not object to altering the proposal to include only current
direct state aid in the new grant.

Sasser was joined by Sens. Paul Simon (D-Ill.) and Frank R. Lautenberg (D-N.J.)
in criticizing the proposal. Sen. Christopher S. Bond (R-Mo.), however, said the
block grant proposal should not be rejected simply because Boston and New York
-- both located in states with Democratic governors -- could not establish
working relationships with their state capitals. He said there was little
reason, "other than spite," to oppose the plan.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                News Post Leader

                            October 29, 2012 Monday

Threat over support for communities

LENGTH: 415  words


VITAL village hall services could be lost if further support is not found, a
community group has warned.

Community Action Northumberland (CAN) is backing a campaign to highlight the
valuable role of the Rural Community Action Network in supporting volunteers.

The groups provide a valuable support service for people who manage community
buildings, with fully qualified advisers offering practical help, specialist
training and advice in accessing funding.

However, their work is threatened by budget cuts at a time when there is
increasing demand for services.

And a call has gone out to the Government, councils and other decision makers to
help maintain the network.

CAN community initiatives officer Louise Currie said: "Each community and
village hall in Northumberland provides a vital venue so that a range of
services and local activities can take place.

"Demand for the skills, experience and knowledge that we and our colleagues in
the Rural Community Action Network can provide is increasing.

"By contrast, easily accessible community development support services are
reducing.

"Often the facilities and activities are not provided by local authorities so it
is left to volunteers to make sure they are available.

"We are calling on the government, local authorities and other policy-makers to
work together nationally and locally to decide how their reduced resources can
be invested to maintain delivery of our services so that volunteers who manage
these vital facilities get the support and help they need."

As part of the campaign, a Community Assets: Keep Their Future Vibrant
publication has been produced, outlining the various uses of village halls.

They include health and wellbeing services, pre-school and nursery classes,
access to sport, retail services and arts and cultural activity.

In Northumberland they are used for theatre performances and film shows,
exercise and fitness classes and training and education.

The report also shows that volunteers give more than 18 hours a week to manage
community halls and raise funds, but more than a third of committees find it
difficult to recruit helpers.

A fifth have problems meeting legal requirements.

More than a third exclude activities due to red tape and few halls receive
council grants.

Ms Currie said: "Without somebody locally to support and advise volunteers, they
might give up the valuable work they do and these community assets that people
of all ages in rural areas depend upon for so many vital services will be lost."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPLG


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Wellington Weekly News

                                  July 6, 2005

Post office stawled

SECTION: News; Environment; Other; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 466 words


Plans to provide a post office and shop in redundant buildings at Stawley School
have received a setback. The team behind the project fear that some of the
grants they have been offered could be lost because of the delay due to legal
difficulties concerning the lease.

The community has been working hard for several years to get the plan off the
drawing board and the organisers had hoped to carry out the work over the summer
holidays so that the post office and shop could be open in the autumn.

But they now say a stalemate has been reached with Somerset County Council.

In a statement issued with the parish magazine, the Stawley Rural Initiative and
the Stawley Community Association say they cannot start work on the conversion
until a legal technicality involving the lease is resolved.

"While our major funders have been patient to date, in most cases they need to
receive evidence of spend in the same financial year as the grant offer is made,
and some funding may be in imminent jeopardy, " says the statement.

"The RCI and SCA are bound by confidentiality at this stage and cannot divulge
details of the problem, suffice to say that if the county council were to
compromise, the issue could be resolved fairly readily." The committees are
calling for "public pressure" to support their cause and are urging people to
write to the county council supporting their cause.

There is hope on the horizon, however, as the county council's director of
resources, Chris Bilsland, says he is optimistic that the difficulties will be
resolved soon.

"The problem is that a neighbour is affected by the proposal, " he told the
Wellington Weekly News. "But I am positive we can bring this to a successful
conclusion very soon." Stawley's community development worker Keeley Rudd, told
the WWN that they had raised 86 per cent of the money needed for the project.

"We are waiting for one more grant application to the Post Office, and if that
is successful, it should get us there, " she said.

Among the grants which have been received are £46,000 from DEFRA, £15,000 from
the Tudor Trust and £14,500 from the Countryside Agency.

Mrs Rudd said: "We have also raised £9,000 in donations of guaranteed loans
locally, which is terrific for a population of just 600 people." She added that
the DEFRA grant had already been deferred twice and the one from the Countryside
Agency was due to be spent by the end of August.

The provision of a post office for the rural area has become urgent as Bill and
Peggy Wotton who run the little post office at Greenham are well past retirement
age and expect to close by Christmas.

Mrs Rudd said she was heartened by Mr Bilsland's comments.

"We very much hope that the problem will be resolved soon, " she added.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                    © Copyright 2005 Wellington Weekly News


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 4, 2012 Saturday

EDITORIAL: Round the Mountain

BYLINE: Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 568 words


Aug. 04--A welcomed federal funding boost to a Southwest Virginia-based artisan
network could help spur asset-based economic development, including outdoor
recreation, downtown revitalization and small business development.

U.S. Sen. Mark R. Warner, D-Va., announced last week that Southwest Virginia's
Round the Mountain artisan network will receive a grant of $815,000 from the
U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the
Appalachian Regional Commission.

Warner said the innovation grant was awarded to Appalachian Spring, a creative
economy initiative through the Friends of Southwest Virginia in partnership with
the region's planning district commissions, People Inc., and Virginia Community
Capital to develop asset-based economic development, particularly related to
outdoor recreation, downtown revitalization, and small business development.

Round the Mountain will serve as the fiscal agent for the administration of the
grant. Warner said the initiative will support community development efforts in
all 19 counties and four cities of Southwest Virginia.

Round the Mountain was started in 2004 by Warner when he was governor of
Virginia as part of an effort to further develop Southwest Virginia as a
cultural and heritage tourism destination. The agency works with The Crooked
Road, the Southwest Virginia Cultural Heritage Foundation and Friends of
Southwest Virginia on efforts promoting sustainable economic development.

"Eight years after we launched this network during my term as governor, it is
very gratifying to see how Round the Mountain, The Crooked Road and the
Heartwood Artisan Gateway and others have helped to leverage local cultural
assets and diversify Southwest Virginia's overall economy," Warner said. "This
competitive grant should serve as a catalyst for additional private investment
and job creation."

Already a push is underway to promote the Crooked Road as a National Heritage
Area. A public hearing has been scheduled for Tuesday, Aug. 14, at 1 p.m., in
the Tazewell County Administration building to receive input on the proposal.
The Crooked Road, Virginia's Heritage Music Trail, traverses 300 miles in
Southwest Virginia, with stops including Bristol, Va., the Carter Family Fold
and even the Big Walker Mountain Overlook.

The federal grant will enable the Southwest Virginia Cultural Heritage
Foundation to fulfill its mission by working with partners in local, regional
and state government in going to the next level in developing a creative economy
in Southwest Virginia, according to Southwest Virginia Cultural Heritage
Foundation Executive Director Todd Christensen.

The $815,000 grant includes $500,000 from the Commerce Department's Economic
Development Administration, $215,000 from the Agriculture Department's rural
broadband program and $100,000 from the Appalachian Regional Commission. It will
provide technical assistance to small businesses in the region which are engaged
in the arts, outdoor recreation, local foods and broadband service delivery.

We are glad to see the local artisan network is getting a federal funding boost.
It is our hope that the federal funds can help with local tourism, economic
development and revitalization efforts in the region.

___ (c)2012 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120804-WF-EDITORIAL-Round-the-Mountain-0804-20120804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2012 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               November 25, 2003

Why the countryside needs to be given a chance to grow

BYLINE: Melanie Reid

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1143 words


Two-and-a-quarter hours, it used to take. Two-and-a-quarter mind-numbing hours
in an Eastern Scottish bus, from the St James bus station in Edinburgh, with
diversions via Ford, Oxton, and Ancrum, where you could sit and watch the moss
grow awhile. Two-and-a-quarter existentialist hours before you arrived in
Jedburgh, where you stumbled down the steps with a dessicated brain and the
conviction that at least six months had passed since you left Edinburgh.

Not that I'm complaining. Not really. Like a lot of people's, my relationship
with Eastern Scottish was relatively uncomplicated: I had no money, no car, and
few choices; they had a subsidy, a monopoly, and speed limits to respect. We got
on because we had to. It's just that, even back then, you could do a lot of
living in two-and-a-quarter hours; and you could almost have driven a car there
and back in the time it took the bus to go one way.

All these years later, the timetable remains much the same, and the Borders
remain what they always have been, Scotland's own lovely foreign country within
a country, cut off from the wealth and enterprise of boomtime Edinburgh - one of
the best economies in the UK - by an untenable public commute.

Fellow sufferers of that old green bus trundling over Sutra will have responded
with wholesale enthusiasm to the vision to restore a rail network to the
Borders. Here, at last, was a chance to provide the area with the kind of vital
transport link - destroyed by Beeching - which could attract industry and money,
and allow the communities to flourish.

So was born the idea of the (pounds) 130m Waverley Rail Link, between Edinburgh
and Tweedbank, a 37-mile line which has just ended its consultation period and
could open by 2008. There is, therefore, a whole shed-load of irony in the news
that Leon Litchfield, an industrialist who figures in the Sunday Times rich
list, is objecting to the new line on the grounds it will damage the farms on
his Bowland estate, where they use the old line as a road for tractors.

He dismisses the railway as "a silly dream". His spokesman adds: "Where is the
evidence of demand? Present bus services often run virtually empty", which is
the sort of infinitely crass comment you expect from someone who can afford
never to mix with the great unwashed, and who certainly doesn't have to commute
daily to pay a mortgage.

The point is that rural regeneration is vital for the future of Scotland. It is
certainly far, far bigger than than one rich man's Nimbyism. We must be
confident that the Scottish Executive will give Mr Litchfield his just deserts
(I suggest 20 non-stop bus rides up and down the A68; he'll come to enjoy the
little detours to Oxton and Ancrum) and deliver the money for the Waverley Rail
Link.

Scotland's rural areas are desperately in need of a huge signal that they are
not forgotten about. We can all recite the litany of their problems: high rural
crime, closing post offices, lack of access to broadband, shortages of housing,
transport, and infrastructure. We have all witnessed the destruction of
agriculture, and the urbanisation of society: the relentless movement of money
and power towards the cities.

Lots of rich people have moved into the countryside to turn it into a plaything,
but the levels of rural poverty and unemployment remain hidden, as corrosive as
anything in town. How to reassure these people that they are not forgotten
about, when the Scottish Executive happily carries out a Cities Review, but
appears to have no plans for a Rural Review; when Scottish Natural Heritage is
being moved away from Edinburgh and no doubt downsized; and when, under the
Haskins report, countryside management in England faces a radical reorganisation
and rationalisation? How not to think they are powerless and unimportant?

But some people have rural vision. Today sees the launch by the Carnegie United
Kingdom Trust of a major new initiative to put community-led development at the
heart of rural regeneration policy and practice.

For years the trust has been giving out grants to a multitude of small rural
schemes to restore village halls, post offices, and tackle poverty. The time has
come, it believes, to place less emphasis on seed-corn money and instead fund
research and strategy. In others words, to find out how to empower rural
communities to get what they want; to teach them to engage with local
authorities, and give them a more effective seat at the planning table.

"We want to help people to influence the millions of pounds that is going to
shape their community," says Charlie McConnell, the chief executive of the trust
(and former head of community development at the Scottish Executive).

He knows of what he speaks when he describes how officials in Brussels and
Whitehall and the executive tend to make top-down solutions. They lack the
strong antennae for the grass roots, and deliver the rhetoric better than they
make things happen.

This is only to be expected. Most public service professionals - planners,
health and education workers - he points out, are trained to an urban paradigm.
They do not have the breadth or the sensitivity to tackle some rural issues,
which are far more complex than those in town: or, sometimes, just different,
which means engaging with people in another way.

The Carnegie Commission for Rural Community Development - to be chaired by a big
name, as yet a secret - would like to look at the skills agenda for planners, so
that it is more geared to rural needs. The commission will bring together
academic and practical expertise for research, promote the exchange of good
practice nationally and internationally, and oversee a programme of grants for
innovative projects.

It expects its (pounds) 4m funding to be augmented by other foundations.
Plainly, it feels it has found a gap in the market which will prove itself long
-term. The Scottish Executive focuses on urban policy, because that is where
most people live. There is very little systematic research and training in rural
affairs. Structural reforms, as delivered by the Haskins report, says lots about
cutting bureaucracy and jobs and costs. But not a lot about rural communities.

There is also the point that, in the long term, as the European Union extends
relentlessly east, there will be less and less money for Scottish rural
industries and the like. Rural regeneration will have to be in place before that
process is complete, and it will have to reflect the needs and aspirations of
local people or it will fail. It is as simple as that.

It is all, ultimately, about better understanding, and about a vision for a
united, efficient, prosperous country. Where the buses, if they are needed - as
they surely always will be - still go on little detours and stop for old men and
their sheepdogs.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2003 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

Proposed federal budget cuts hit home in GT region

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1908 words


March 17--TRAVERSE CITY -- Hayes Tomlinson peered out his window as a Meals on
Wheels driver arrived with a hot supper.

The driver, Dave Hagen, walked up to Tomlinson's Veterans Drive home and
delivered a black container with the meal inside. It's a daily visit Tomlinson,
a 92-year-old World War II veteran, and thousands of other seniors in the Grand
Traverse region rely upon.

But President Donald Trump's proposed 2018 budget could put those deliveries in
jeopardy.

A 62-page summary titled "America First: A Budget Blueprint to Make America
Great Again" generated waves of uncertainty, and a few encouraging glimmers, for
local residents and officials after its release early Thursday.

Cuts could leave residents in the cold

A glance through the brief budget proposal made Lisa Robitshek uneasy.

Robitshek is manager of senior nutrition for Northwest Michigan Community Action
Agency, which administers the Meals on Wheels program. She said the program is
funded in part -- $105,000 annually -- from the federal Community Services Block
Grant, which would be cut under the proposal.

The grant funds about 7 percent of the program's $1.5 million budget -- a
program that served 228,000 meals to 2,600 seniors in Grand Traverse, Leelanau,
Manistee, Wexford and Missaukee counties last year.

"I've never been so concerned," she said. "This is hugely significant and it's
not just to Meals on Wheels, but domestic programs across the board."

The budget proposal calls for about a $15.1 billion cut to the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services. Two programs focused on impoverished citizens --
Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program and CSBG -- would be eliminated
completely.

Kris Brady, NMCAA community services director, said the agency used LIHEAP funds
to buy propane, wood or fuel oil for more than 1,000 households last year.

"If those programs were just eliminated we wouldn't be able to help keep those
homes warm," she said.

Brady said CSBG funds form the financial backbone -- about $639,000 last year --
for several community programs, including Meals on Wheels, weatherization and
home repair programs.

"It really just helps pay for the programs that don't pay for themselves," she
said.

The budget document calls the CSBG a "limited-impact program" that offers
similar emergency food assistance and employment services to other federal
programs.

Surprise surplus for substance abuse programs

But not every area in the proposed budget would lose federal support.

Karen Goodman was surprised to see an extra $500 million allotted for substance
abuse programs in Trump's plan.

"Anything that is offered is always a gift," said Goodman, manager of the Pine
Rest Traverse City Clinic. "In all honesty I've learned not to expect anything.
I was hoping it wouldn't be cut."

Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration programs will remain
intact with the DHHS budget, despite sweeping cuts elsewhere. The budget would
increase spending on substance abuse services to prevent and treat the growing
opioid epidemic.

The funding would come at a good time for Pine Rest, which began expanding its
substance abuse treatment program only a few months ago to reach rural areas
through telemedicine.

"We applied for a SAMHSA federal grant to support the program because resources
are really scarce here," she said.

But it's unclear how the $500 million boost would be spent, and Goodman is
skeptical of whether it's enough to make a dent in the nationwide opioid
epidemic.

"I don't think it will have much of an impact," she said.

Other Grand Traverse region health officials read the budget summary with a
renewed sense of uncertainty.

Its back-to-back release with the Republican-drafted American Health Care Act --
intended to replace the Affordable Care Act -- raised questions about federal
funding for local programs.

"We're extremely dependent on federal dollars," said Mike Swain, public
information officer for the Health Department of Northwest Michigan, which
covers Antrim County. "Often times, the funding we get from the state is from
federal dollars."

Swain said officials need to determine whether the cuts will affect local
programs. He said they're already concerned with a potential $20 million loss to
Michigan under the AHCA, which could put local diabetes, heart disease and
prevention programs under the knife.

Budget could drain Great Lakes funding

Local advocates aiming to keep Grand Traverse Bay clean could see millions in
federal funding washed from their coffers.

The proposal includes a series of Environmental Protection Agency cuts,
including eliminating Great Lakes Restoration Initiative funding. The Watershed
Center Grand Traverse Bay received $4.5 million through the program during the
past six years, said Executive Director Christine Crissman.

The funding allowed the nonprofit to complete a considerable amount of work,
especially projects to prevent stormwater runoff from entering Grand Traverse
Bay.

"If the funding is cut, we definitely wouldn't be able to do projects like
this," she said.

Crissman considers stormwater runoff the top threat to Grand Traverse Bay.
Funding from the GLRI paid for projects to combat the threat, including
installing of infiltration trenches in Suttons Bay to filter stormwater through
the ground before it hits the lake.

Watershed Center projects could lose federal support through the draft's $250
million cut to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including
the Sea Grant program.

Michigan Sea Grant Northwest District Extension educator Mark Breederland said
the program, which has been in Traverse City since 1973, plays an important role
in Great Lakes science, research and education. Program officials focus on
varying issues, from water levels to Asian carp and other invasive species.

Breederland said similar Sea Grant cuts came about in the 1980s before members
of Congress restored the budget.

"We are cautiously optimistic we will make it through this," he said.

Farmers watch USDA cuts

Vague calls for funding reductions of agriculture programs drew questions from
Nikki Rothwell, coordinator of the Northwest Michigan Horticulture Research
Center in Leelanau County.

Trump's spending plan would reduce staffing at USDA centers to "streamline
county office operations."

"That's where our growers go if they're going to work with the USDA on any of
the different programs they offer," Rothwell said.

Online information is available, but difficult to access for farmers with little
computer savvy or living in rural areas without high-speed internet.

Some USDA programs could probably be tightened, Marty Jelinek said.

Jelinek was reluctant to guess how the proposed budget might impact his Gill's
Pier orchard. His concerns are more direct -- he wants strengthened federal
efforts to study pesticides.

"We're losing some really good tools that help us combat certain insects," he
said. "We all want a safe environment, we all want safe food, but some of these
things are making it difficult with some of the new pests that we have to deal
with."

The budget calls for eliminating the Water and Waste Disposal loan program,
which provides funding for rural drinking water, sewage disposal and stormwater
systems, and the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education program. It
recommends reducing funding for USDA statistical program, but not eliminating
the Census of Agriculture, and continuing support for research.

Schools face $9 billion cut

Federal funding plays a small role at local school districts. Traverse City Area
Public Schools collected $1.6 million from the federal government this year --
about 1.8 percent of the district's income. But Trump's budget plan still
concerns some local educators.

The proposal slices $9 billion from the Department of Education's discretionary
funding, boosts school choice investments by $1.4 billion and funnels millions
more into charter and private schools.

"We all know that's the direction Trump was headed in," said Karen Sherwood,
superintendent at Kalkaska Public Schools. "My only concern, when you look at
charter schools, they don't always seem to be performing as well as traditional
schools do."

Another $3.6 billion could be cleaved from the federal education budget,
including funding for a program that supports summer, before- and after-school
initiatives.

The budget proposal noted the programs are "poorly targeted and spread thinly
across thousands of districts with scant evidence of impact" and lacking
evidence to support student achievement. Sherwood said SEEDS programming at
Rapid City Elementary uses that cash and could soon be on the chopping block.

"I just think we need programs to connect kids to make things available for them
after school," Sherwood said. "We don't live in a big urban area; there are not
a lot of things to do after school."

TCAPS Superintendent Paul Soma said Michigan has moved toward expanded school
choice for decades. The state has "gone nothing but backwards as it relates to
student success" since, he said. But increased focus from the federal government
won't necessarily hurt northwest Michigan.

"I don't see it as detrimental in our region," Soma said. "We've lived with
choice for a long time ... I would be more concerned on a statewide level for
other areas where that's not necessarily a good solution for them."

The budget keeps about $13 billion for programs to support students with special
education needs, eliminates the Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity
grant program, "safeguards" Pell Grants and reduces work study programs, among
other shifts.

Housing funds take hit

A proposed $3 billion cut would eliminate Community Development Block Grants,
which fund economic development and infrastructure improvement projects.

Those projects include one $213,340 Michigan Economic Development Corporation
grant to improve four historic buildings in Elk Rapids.

There's high demand for such grants, said MEDC Community Development Block Grant
Program Director Christine Whitz.

MEDC spokeswoman Kathy Achtenberg said it's too early to say what the proposed
budget could mean for her agency's bottom line.

"Without these grants, many of the communities would not have had the ability to
improve their infrastructure or improve blighted areas to help develop a sense
of place as these grants are intended to do," she said.

The budget outline mentions providing more than $35 billion for rental
assistance programs, plus cost reduction reforms for them.

Traverse City Housing Commission Director Tony Lentych said he is watching for
cuts to the Housing Choice Voucher Program because of the proposal's 13.2
percent cut for Housing and Urban Development.

The vouchers help low-income, elderly and disabled renters pay their rent.
Lentych said there are typically 208 vouchers available for the five-county area
surrounding Traverse City.

Local support could be key

The sweeping cuts and changes all depend on congressional approval, adding more
uncertainty to an already shaky outlook for some programs.

Robitshek said she and other Meals on Wheels officials will make things work if
the cuts are approved, although she said it won't be easy.

"We would really have to reach out to the community for local support and make
some very, very tough decisions I don't want to make," she said.

Recommended for you

___ (c)2017 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170317-ZK-Proposed-federal-budget-cuts-hit-home-in-GT-region-0317-20170317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2017 The Record-Eagle


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

Agrarian economy and food security

LENGTH: 871  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Nov. 23 -- Our country can reach self-sufficiency in many
agricultural products. This requires an increase in the supply of high quality
seeds and planting material. The research talents in the Agriculture Department
and our universities must focus on high yielding, quality crops that are
abundantly cultivable in Sri Lanka. The development of such crops will raise
rural income and reduce the cost of imports by US $ 500 million.

Therefore, 19 seed farms and all unutilized lands in agricultural research
centres such as Mahailluppallama belonging to the Agriculture Department must be
developed as a national priority. I propose a three year accelerated seed farm
development initiative from 2011 at a cost of Rs 700 million. The Department
will work with the private sector seed farms to expand seed development
programs.

As an incentive to the private sector, I propose to grant a five year tax
exemption for investment in seed farming. The seed certification service of the
Department Agriculture must also intensify its extension services to farmers who
are keen to develop seed and planting materials. Fertilizer subsidy provides a
big relief to paddy farmers. In order to increase its productivity, we encourage
the use of organic fertilizer as well. Any irregularities occurring in the
distribution and use of fertilizer will be curtailed and the subsidy scheme will
be continued.

A wide range of spices and cocoa grown in Sri Lanka has a unique advantage in
earning foreign exchange.

The unused land owned by the plantation companies will be required to enter into
cocoa cultivation. I propose to implement a five year subsidy scheme for
planting and replanting of spices. Financial assistance will be extended under
the SME program for spice processing industrialists to promote value added
products in this sector. The Department of Minor Export Agriculture will
implement a special program to develop spice gardens and highbred planting
material.

The "Gama Neguma" initiative will also promote infrastructure required to
support livelihood activities, based on smallholder spice cultivation.

The global demand for flowers, ornamental plants and foliage is growing rapidly.
This sector can be an attractive employment source for women and youth. In order
to promote floriculture particularly in Awissawella, Gampaha and Kegalle areas,
I propose to implement a special incentive package to establish nurseries to
produce high quality flowers and ornamental plants.

This will be spearheaded by the Botanical Gardens Department which will provide
free training on related cultivation, give advice on how to avoid post harvest
losses, packaging and the scientific know-how. I propose to allocate Rs 100
million for this venture.

There are more than 25,000 minor irrigation schemes in our country. These are
vital for agriculture, to preserve the environment and to meet animal and human
needs. Therefore, I propose an allocation of Rs 900 million for a three year
partnership initiative between the Provincial Councils and the Department of
Agrarian Services to rehabilitate all minor irrigation schemes in our country.

Special focus will be given to rehabilitate all minor irrigation systems in the
Western Province to be able to use over 50,000 hectares of abandoned lands.

We have ample opportunities to increase fish production. We propose to increase
the fish production from the North and East, to get 50 percent of the total
production. I propose to remove registration fees, renewal fees and operational
charges on annual licences for fishery boats to give relief to smallholder
fishery activities and simplify administration. I propose to grant credit
facilities at a concessionary interest rate of eight percent to promote inland
fishery and aquatic resources activities. I also propose to implement a
long-term concessionary loan facility for deep sea fishing.

In order to promote the fisheries industry, I propose to exempt the fisheries
industry from income tax for period of five years. The Tourism Development
Authority will allocate Rs 300 million for the development of traditional
fishery villages and improve fishery industry based tourism.

The livestock sector is critical in food security, income generation and foreign
exchange savings. Towards improving this sector, the Ministry of Livestock and
Rural Community Development will import high yielding dairy animals to supply
breeding materials to dairy farmers. Investment by private sector will be
encouraged to increase the availability of liquid milk.

I propose to increase the farm gate price for liquid milk to Rs 50 per litre.
Special credit facilities at eight percent interest will be extended to promote
small scale livestock activities.

The Department of Animal Production and Health will engage in veterinary
research to provide quality services to farmers. Extension services will be
expanded at each divisional secretariat with more veterinary surgeons and
technical staff to promote livestock activities of small entrepreneurs.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                            April 26, 2001 Thursday

WI awards $342,700 in community grants to aid economic development

BYLINE: Candy Doyle

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 609 words


Gov. Scott McCallum announced that 16 communities and business organizations are
sharing $342,700 in community grants to help with economic development projects.

"These grants help communities and organizations improve their ability to
attract jobs, and give a boost to the local economy as a whole," McCallum said.
"These grants help communities of all sizes explore new opportunities and expand
their capacity for business development."

The awards granted were:

* $10,000 to the Bayfield County Economic Development Corp., Bayfield, to study
the feasibility of business relocation opportunities in Bayfield County.

* $17,500 to the Burleigh Street Community Development Corp., Milwaukee, to
promote the renewal of the Burleigh Street Area in Milwaukee. It will use its
grant to help plan the retail development of a mixed-use project on Burleigh
Street.

* $20,000 to Cap Services Inc., Stevens Point, to continue its business
assistance programs.

* $7,500 to the Clark County Economic Development Corp., Greenwood, to complete
a strategic plan to improve leadership within the organization.

* $25,000 to the Coulee Region Business Center, La Crosse, to continue
operations of its incubator in La Crosse. It has received $301,238 in grants
already.

* $14,100 to the Greater Mauston Area Development Corp., Mauston, to study the
feasibility of improving the telecommunications capabilities of the Mauston
area. It will also evaluate how best to serve existing businesses and how to
attract new businesses to the area.

* $10,000 to the Iron County Resource Development Association, Hurley, to plan
the infrastructure for an industrial park expansion in Iron County.

* $17,500 to M-7, Milwaukee, to help direct the development of a community
center in the central city of Milwaukee.

* $10,000 to the Marshfield Area Chamber Foundation, Marshfield, to study the
feasibility of an incubator for businesses with a focus on the medical industry.

* $7,500 to the Portage County Business Council, Stevens Point, to plan
commercial improvements in downtown Stevens Point. The project is part of a
major redevelopment effort being made by the city to rehabilitate its downtown.

* $10,000 to the Superior Business Center, Superior, to study how best to
improve use of its existing incubator facility.

* $10,000 to the Waukesha County Economic Development Corp., Waukesha, to study
the feasibility of a technology incubator to be housed in an unused county-owned
facility.

* $25,000 to the West Central Wisconsin Community Action Agency, Dunn County, to
operate an incubator.

* $20,000 to the Western Dairyland Economic Opportunity Council Inc.,
Independence, to help develop a web presence for the Women's Business Center in
Western Wisconsin.

* $15,000 to the Wisconsin Business Innovation Corp., Spooner, to help rural
companies develop new technology in agriculture and forest products. It will use
its grant to organize a Venture Capital Fair focusing on rural Wisconsin
businesses.

* $112,000 to the Wisconsin Women's Business Initiative Corp., Milwaukee, to
provide training classes for prospective entrepreneurs, to offer technical
assistance for businesses that have received loans from the organization, and to
provide technical assistance to other community-based organizations.

The grant program is designed to promote local business development in
economically distressed areas. The program awards grants to community-based
organizations for development and business assistance projects and to
municipalities for economic development planning.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    OCTOBER 2, 2003 Thursday JERSEY EDITION

DEP won't issue Burlco permits;
A controversial Mansfield Twp. project had sought water and sewer go-aheads.

BYLINE: Cynthia Burton INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 356 words


State Environmental Protection Commissioner Bradley Campbell yesterday turned
down water and sewer permits for a controversial development on a farm in
Mansfield Township.

That Campbell had even considered allowing Calton Homes of Manalapan water and
sewer permits for a 181-unit luxury-home development in the sprawl-stressed
community drew intense criticism from local residents and political leaders.

Many said Campbell was contradicting Gov. McGreevey's mandate to control
development in the state's remaining rural communities.

Yesterday, Campbell called his refusal to grant the permits "an example of our
commitment to strictly enforcing the rules that protect communities from
development that would have adverse impacts to the environment."

Giving limited sewer capacity to the proposed development on Petticoat Bridge
Road would deprive the nearby village of Columbus, where nearly half of the
residents' septic tanks are failing, posing a public health risk, Burlington
County Freeholder Director William Haines has said.

Still, Calton is pressing a federal lawsuit against the state, Burlington County
and the township for blocking the development. Its attorney, Phil Seaton, said
yesterday that the denial was "consistent with their [DEP's] prior illegal
acts." In the lawsuit, he argues that the government conspired against the
development, which was initially proposed for 414 homes spanning three farms.

Campbell had tried to come up with a plan to grant water and sewer permits for
the project in the hopes of settling that lawsuit.

The affair proved embarrassing for the McGreevey administration, which has
touted anti-sprawl initiatives. Yesterday's announcement was fortunate for the
governor, who is under partisan attack in legislative races around the state.
This week he declared "Open Space Week," reaffirming his commitment to control
sprawl.

Agriculture Secretary Charles M. Kuperus was scheduled to go to North Hanover
Township in Burlington County today to announce a grant to preserve farms there.

Contact staff writer Cynthia Burton at 856-779-3858 or cburton@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                January 16, 2013

SURE-P - FG Rolls Out Community Devt Scheme in Rivers

BYLINE: Egufe Yafugborhi

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: Port Harcourt


IMPLEMENTATION of the Community Service, Women and Youth Empowerment Scheme,
CSWYE, under the Federal Government's Subsidy Reinvestment and Empowerment
Programme, SURE-P, has been flagged off in Rivers State.

Chairman of the state Implementation Committee, Chief Oris Onyiri, who unveiled
the scheme at Omoku, headquarters of Ogba/Egbema/Ndoni Local Government Area,
Onelga, yesterday, said: "The initiative is among schemes promised last year by
President Goodluck Jonathan to ensure utilisation of savings from the partial
removal of fuel subsidy to provide jobs and community development in the
grassroots."

Addressing Onelga community leaders and teeming applicants at the council
secretariat, Onyiri, said: "The recruitment exercise is to engage 3,000 women
and 130 youths per local government area in the first phase and 200 in the
second phase to carry out certain community services. Each beneficiary is to
receive N10,000 monthly to cushion the impact of unemployment in the rural
areas."

At the flag-off interactions at Onelga, Onyiri queried the exclusion of some
communities, including Ndoni, in the first phase clustering of applicants by
field officers of the supervising National Directorate of Employment, NDE,
insisting that necessary adjustments will be made to ensure that all communal
zones were carried along before beneficiaries start work.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Mudgee Guardian

                                 July 30, 2013

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 503  words


Eight community organisations from the Mid-Western Council area have been named
as recipients of the Volunteer Grants 2013 program for the Parkes Electorate.

Federal Member for Parkes Mark Coulton said that the grants will provide
assistance to the groups and organisations that themselves help the local
community.

'The grants will allow our local volunteer organisations to purchase equipment
or can contribute to training for volunteers,' he said.

'Volunteers are very important to our communities, and it is important to
acknowledge that contribution.

'I often hear from local volunteer organisations that the rising cost of living
and the current economic conditions have made life quite difficult for them.

'There are currently great financial pressures on many of our volunteer
organisations.

'It is not uncommon to hear about many volunteer organisations being left out of
pocket as they struggle to meet the rising costs of food and fuel, for example.'

A total of $450,613 in funding will be given to 130 organisations across the
Parkes electorate for the Volunteer Grants 2013 program.

Mr Coulton said the organisations have been successful under the program and
that the grants, which range between $1000 and $5000, will help volunteers to
continue to contribute to local communities.

'The Parkes Electorate has a proud tradition of volunteering, with about 40 per
cent of all residents giving up their time for the community,' he said.

'I support any assistance that is provided to help community organisations help
the people of the Parkes electorate.'

The Volunteer Grants 2013 from the Mid-Western Regional Council area

Gulgong DC Rural Fire Brigade - $5,000

To respond to emergencies, conduct bushfire suppression, clean up flood and
storm damage, and support the Brigade's youth cadet unit.

Gulgong Show Society - $1,800

To organise the annual Show that showcases the efforts of local residents across
a spectrum of rural activities and attracts people from across the region.

Friends of Adams Lead - $2,022

To encourage participation in the management of the region's natural resources,
organise working bees and promote care and conservation measures.

Mudgee Men's Shed - $3,850

To create a supportive environment for men to enjoy regular social interaction
while working for the community through their time and skills.

Mudgee North West Division of Sydney Legacy - $5,000

To support the families of veterans by transporting members to medical
appointments and organising social events.

Mudgee Probus Club - $1,120

For the club for older and retired citizens to hold monthly meetings with
speakers on a variety of topics and activities that provide social interaction.

National Association for Loss and Grief - $5,000

To offer a range of programs to assist local residents affected by loss and
grief, including counselling and material support services.

Rotary Club of Mudgee - $3,829

To improve quality of life by fundraising in support of community initiatives
and charities with a consistent focus on community development.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday

SSGC signs CSR MoUs with eight edu institutions

LENGTH: 406  words


SSGC created a record of sorts when Memorandums of Understandings were signed
and exchanged with eight reputable and renowned educational institutions and
NGOs that would be benefiting from the gas utility's CSR initiatives during FY
2012-13.

Zuhair Siddiqui, MD, SSGC exchanged MoU documents with the representatives of
the collaborative partner organizations, that included, The Citizens Foundation,
NED University, Institute of Business Management, Family Educational Services
Foundation, Omair Sana Foundation, Dowites-78 Operations, Thardeep Rural
Development Program and Indus Resource Centre in an elegant and well attended
ceremony organized on March 27, 2013 by the Company's Corporate C o m m u n i c
a t i o n Department at the Head Office auditorium. Yusuf J. Ansari, SGM
(Corporate and Legal Affairs) and Nasreen Hussain, Dy. General Manager ( C o r p
o r a t e Communications) were also seated on stage to witness the exchange of
MoUs.

Apart from the above mentioned organizations, SSGC also previously inked MoUs
with Sukkur IBA, Balochistan University of IT, Engineering and Management
Sciences, Quetta and Forman Christian College, Lahore to supplement the
scholarship programs for their deserving and meritorious students. The officials
of these institutions, however, could not make it to today's signing ceremony.

After signing these MoUs, MD, SSGC conferred 'Acknowledgment of Collaboration'
certificates to the representatives of each organization who also took turns to
briefly explain their scope of work while expressing their views on their
collaboration with SSGC. They lauded the Company for executing a well thought
out CSR plan and appreciated the professionalism of the Company management and
its CSR Unit. During the ceremony, the Company also honoured several other CSR
collaborative partners by conferring them with 'Acknowledgment of Association'
certificates which were presented by SGM (Corporate and Legal Affairs) to the
officials representing these organizations.

In his keynote address, Zuhair Siddiqui, MD, SSGC said that education is a
panacea for all the problems that the country is faced with. This explains why
SSGC in its CSR initiatives focuses largely on supplementing educational efforts
of other organizations. SSGC's Corporate C o m m u n i c a t i o n s Department
has an active CSR unit which is engaged in initiatives related to education,
health, environment and community development.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Some start-up valuations 'pricey': Tata

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


umbai, Feb. 5 -- Tata group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata said his investments in
start-ups are aimed at getting goods and services to a large section of the
population, although he conceded that the valuations of some of these firms are
high. "There are tremendous opportunities in reaching this population and the
task is being undertaken by passionate young people. They need backing," said
Tata, who is also chairman of Tata Trusts.

"Having said that, some of the valuations are pricey. I support those who are
really making a difference." Ratan Tata has invested in more than 25 Indian
start-ups over the past 24 months. In an interview to Tata Review, the business
group's internal publication, Tata said he is supporting "young entrepreneurs
who are doing something you respect or are in an area that you feel has been
ignored". "By and large I've been backing businesses in the e-commerce space
because they enable goods and services to reach people who could never have been
catered to in this manner before. They never got a chance previously to order
what they wanted, have it delivered at their doorstep, pay when they receive it,
and return it if not acceptable," Tata said. "This sort of reach has never been
there in the brick-and-mortar world," he said, adding that India has a consumer
population of 300 million, which may go up to 600 million in the years ahead.
Tata Review was interviewing him on journey ahead for Tata Trusts. Tata said
Trusts will have to keep renewing itself every three to five years to see
whether it is missing something because governments may not able to extend help
to the community. Tata said governments are "going to be confined to their own
people and there are going to be political issues; someone else has to at least
define what can be pursued". Asked about Tata Trusts evolving over the next five
years, he said it is doing reviews and will always look to enhance the quality
of life of the people it seeks to help.

"Today we are talking about diseases and cures; tomorrow it could be climate
change," he told the publication. Tata Trusts is among India's oldest
philanthropic organizations, working in several areas of community development.
Tata Trusts seeks to catalyse development by giving grants to institutions in
the areas of natural resources management, rural livelihoods, urban livelihoods
and poverty, education, enhancing civil society and governance, health and media
arts, crafts and culture. Tata Trusts has an annual outlay of over '550 crore in
philanthropic work, of which 80% is allocated to partnerships for specific
initiatives reaching out to over 4 million households. Referring to the grant
-giving process, Tata said all proposals should have a sustainability objective.
"A grant is given for three to five years typically; everybody should accept
that it is not going to be for infinity. The NGOs (nongovernmental
organizations) who operate on the belief of perpetual funding may feel upset
that a grant has stopped, which is why there needs to be clarity about the
funding period. We have to state upfront what our intent is. We can never spread
ourselves otherwise; we will never have adequate grant funds to provide new
initiatives other than the few we are supporting," he said.

Tata said Trusts had appointed the Bridgespan Group (a non-profit consulting
firm) in 2014 to validate some of the issues that they were trying to verify.
The idea was that Trusts wanted to change the form of their philanthropy from
one that was predominantly executed by non-governmental organizations to one
where they would manage some of the projects by themselves, he said. "We would
continue to collaborate-the trusts to NGOs to communities system-but now we
would also be involved directly," Tata said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2016 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                 March 8, 2000

Come and join us;
 COMMUNITY ACTION

BYLINE: Brian Woodham

SECTION: News, Pg.13

LENGTH: 621 words


CONCERNS were raised about the decline in public transport services in rural
areas during a meeting arranged by Community Action (Avon).

Delegates at the meeting in Fry's Conference Centre, in Keynsham, recently heard
about the way voluntary groups are increasingly having to meet the gaps left by
the withdrawal of statutory support, such as the hospital transport service.

Faith Moulin, Community Action information officer, said: "This has declined in
recent years and in Somerset has been axed altogether.

"However, with support from Community Action, groups have showed themselves more
than equal to the task and were informed about legal requirements and how to
treat their voluntary drivers.'' Main speaker, Stephen Styles of Surrey County
Council, who has a wealth of experience in implementing community transport
schemes, gave delegates an historical overview of community transport and vision
for the future.

Faith said: "Community Action supports rural communities and others just outside
the rural belt, in the settingup and running of community transport schemes.

"In rural areas those without regular access to cars can experience transport
problems. There may be no public transport at all to the right places.

"To meet the needs of such people many communities have set up their own
transport schemes - either volunteers using their own cars to help people get to
doctors, dentists, hospitals or shops, or groups of volunteers operating a
community minibus, which is often also on hire to local groups of scouts,
afterschool clubs, and so on.'' FORMERLY known as Avon Community Council,
Community Action is one of 38 rural community councils.

As such, its aim is to improve the quality of life in local communities,
especially in rural areas.

The organisation covers the three unitary authorities which replaced Avon - Bath
and North East Somerset, South Gloucestershire and North Somerset - and their
staff supports rural communities in their provision of transport, shops and post
offices, community organisations and village halls, in addition to community
enterprises which help the local economy.

Their Youth Councils Project, funded by Comic Relief, is supporting the
development of youth councils so that young people can gain a say in decisions
which affect them.

Rural communities too are supported in their endeavours to retain services and
assistance is given in funding and grant applications, as well as regards advice
on legal or good practice issues.

Faith said: "We believe it is vital to keep England's villages alive and
thriving. For a village that doesn't provide any affordable housing for its
young people, that loses it shop, post office and school, quickly loses its
heart and community life. All too easily it can become a dormitory - attractive
but with no soul.

"Community Action promotes rural community development by encouraging and
supporting self-help initiatives within villages.

"These include setting up community transport schemes, establishing community
shops, linking with housing associations to provide new housing for local people
at rents they can afford, fundraising for village hall extensions and
improvements.

"Community Action's role is also a coordinating one, encouraging both government
and voluntary agencies to operate in a way most appropriate to the needs of
local rural people.'' The conference was designed to provide an opportunity for
local groups to share experiences and find solutions to their transport
problems.

Anyone who would like more information about Community Action and how the
organisation may be able to help you, can contact Faith Moulin, Information
Officer, on 01275 393837.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2000 Bristol United Press


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                 March 8, 2000

Come and join us;
 COMMUNITY ACTION

BYLINE: Brian Woodham

SECTION: News, Pg.13

LENGTH: 621 words


CONCERNS were raised about the decline in public transport services in rural
areas during a meeting arranged by Community Action (Avon).

Delegates at the meeting in Fry's Conference Centre, in Keynsham, recently heard
about the way voluntary groups are increasingly having to meet the gaps left by
the withdrawal of statutory support, such as the hospital transport service.

Faith Moulin, Community Action information officer, said: "This has declined in
recent years and in Somerset has been axed altogether.

"However, with support from Community Action, groups have showed themselves more
than equal to the task and were informed about legal requirements and how to
treat their voluntary drivers.'' Main speaker, Stephen Styles of Surrey County
Council, who has a wealth of experience in implementing community transport
schemes, gave delegates an historical overview of community transport and vision
for the future.

Faith said: "Community Action supports rural communities and others just outside
the rural belt, in the settingup and running of community transport schemes.

"In rural areas those without regular access to cars can experience transport
problems. There may be no public transport at all to the right places.

"To meet the needs of such people many communities have set up their own
transport schemes - either volunteers using their own cars to help people get to
doctors, dentists, hospitals or shops, or groups of volunteers operating a
community minibus, which is often also on hire to local groups of scouts,
afterschool clubs, and so on.'' FORMERLY known as Avon Community Council,
Community Action is one of 38 rural community councils.

As such, its aim is to improve the quality of life in local communities,
especially in rural areas.

The organisation covers the three unitary authorities which replaced Avon - Bath
and North East Somerset, South Gloucestershire and North Somerset - and their
staff supports rural communities in their provision of transport, shops and post
offices, community organisations and village halls, in addition to community
enterprises which help the local economy.

Their Youth Councils Project, funded by Comic Relief, is supporting the
development of youth councils so that young people can gain a say in decisions
which affect them.

Rural communities too are supported in their endeavours to retain services and
assistance is given in funding and grant applications, as well as regards advice
on legal or good practice issues.

Faith said: "We believe it is vital to keep England's villages alive and
thriving. For a village that doesn't provide any affordable housing for its
young people, that loses it shop, post office and school, quickly loses its
heart and community life. All too easily it can become a dormitory - attractive
but with no soul.

"Community Action promotes rural community development by encouraging and
supporting self-help initiatives within villages.

"These include setting up community transport schemes, establishing community
shops, linking with housing associations to provide new housing for local people
at rents they can afford, fundraising for village hall extensions and
improvements.

"Community Action's role is also a coordinating one, encouraging both government
and voluntary agencies to operate in a way most appropriate to the needs of
local rural people.'' The conference was designed to provide an opportunity for
local groups to share experiences and find solutions to their transport
problems.

Anyone who would like more information about Community Action and how the
organisation may be able to help you, can contact Faith Moulin, Information
Officer, on 01275 393837.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2000 Bristol United Press


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                 March 8, 2000

Come and join us;
 COMMUNITY ACTION

BYLINE: Brian Woodham

SECTION: News, Pg.13

LENGTH: 621 words


CONCERNS were raised about the decline in public transport services in rural
areas during a meeting arranged by Community Action (Avon).

Delegates at the meeting in Fry's Conference Centre, in Keynsham, recently heard
about the way voluntary groups are increasingly having to meet the gaps left by
the withdrawal of statutory support, such as the hospital transport service.

Faith Moulin, Community Action information officer, said: "This has declined in
recent years and in Somerset has been axed altogether.

"However, with support from Community Action, groups have showed themselves more
than equal to the task and were informed about legal requirements and how to
treat their voluntary drivers.'' Main speaker, Stephen Styles of Surrey County
Council, who has a wealth of experience in implementing community transport
schemes, gave delegates an historical overview of community transport and vision
for the future.

Faith said: "Community Action supports rural communities and others just outside
the rural belt, in the settingup and running of community transport schemes.

"In rural areas those without regular access to cars can experience transport
problems. There may be no public transport at all to the right places.

"To meet the needs of such people many communities have set up their own
transport schemes - either volunteers using their own cars to help people get to
doctors, dentists, hospitals or shops, or groups of volunteers operating a
community minibus, which is often also on hire to local groups of scouts,
afterschool clubs, and so on.'' FORMERLY known as Avon Community Council,
Community Action is one of 38 rural community councils.

As such, its aim is to improve the quality of life in local communities,
especially in rural areas.

The organisation covers the three unitary authorities which replaced Avon - Bath
and North East Somerset, South Gloucestershire and North Somerset - and their
staff supports rural communities in their provision of transport, shops and post
offices, community organisations and village halls, in addition to community
enterprises which help the local economy.

Their Youth Councils Project, funded by Comic Relief, is supporting the
development of youth councils so that young people can gain a say in decisions
which affect them.

Rural communities too are supported in their endeavours to retain services and
assistance is given in funding and grant applications, as well as regards advice
on legal or good practice issues.

Faith said: "We believe it is vital to keep England's villages alive and
thriving. For a village that doesn't provide any affordable housing for its
young people, that loses it shop, post office and school, quickly loses its
heart and community life. All too easily it can become a dormitory - attractive
but with no soul.

"Community Action promotes rural community development by encouraging and
supporting self-help initiatives within villages.

"These include setting up community transport schemes, establishing community
shops, linking with housing associations to provide new housing for local people
at rents they can afford, fundraising for village hall extensions and
improvements.

"Community Action's role is also a coordinating one, encouraging both government
and voluntary agencies to operate in a way most appropriate to the needs of
local rural people.'' The conference was designed to provide an opportunity for
local groups to share experiences and find solutions to their transport
problems.

Anyone who would like more information about Community Action and how the
organisation may be able to help you, can contact Faith Moulin, Information
Officer, on 01275 393837.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2000 Bristol United Press


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

IN BRieF

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 358  words

Rural drivers at risk

PEOPLE on rural and remote roads are among those most at risk of being injured
or killed over the Easter holidays, Queensland University of Technology (QUT)
researchers are warning.

Research by the Centre for Accident Research and Road Safety - Queensland
(CARRS-Q) has found that behaviours including ignoring basic precautions like
wearing seatbelts or driving to the conditions of the road were often to blame
for regional crashes.

"People living outside our major cities are over-represented when it comes to
fatality and injury statistics -- about 1000 die and 26,000 are injured each
year around Australia," CARRS-Q acting director Associate Professor Barry Watson
said.

Country misses out

FEDERAL Member for Maranoa Bruce Scott has slammed the Rudd Government for its
dismal $250 million investment into regional telecommunications.

Mr Scott said rural and remote Australia had been cheated of millions in funding
from the interest earned on the abolished Communications Fund, which was set up
by the former Coalition Government to provide funds in perpetuity for outback
communications.

Mr Scott said the roll-out of the newly announced NBN would take years to reach
rural and remote Australia.

"Prime Minister Rudd intends for the roll-out of his NBN to take over five
years, which means under a Labor Government rural Australians will be waiting
even longer for comparable internet speeds and mobile coverage," he said.

Grain Growers grants

THE Grain Growers Association (GGA) is opening applications for this year's
Community Donations program in Zone 1, covering northern New South Wales and
Queensland.

The zone has been allocated $9000 to provide financial assistance to charities
or other groups providing community development or charitable work in GGA
members' communities.

GGA members with a community initiative that would benefit from a donation can
download the program guidelines and application from the website
www.graingrowers.com.au or contact the GGA Membership Services Team on 1800 620
519 for more information.

Applications close on May 29 and must come from a registered charity or an
incorporated association.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Offaly Express

                                  June 3, 2009

Offaly Leader+ spends EUR4.5 million

BYLINE: Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 432 words



HIGHLIGHT: OFFALY Leader + has grant aided in the region of 400 projects,
spending a total of EUR4.5 million, it was outlined recently.


Offaly Leader+ Chairman Cllr Michael Fox in his end of year review said he was
delighted to confirm that all programmes were successfully delivered and have
been adjudged to have impacted on rural areas throughout the county.

He noted that the period since 2000 had been unique in Ireland's economic
history, broadly coinciding with the peak years of the celtic tiger economy.
While much of the growth was particularly on the construction sector, and in
particular in larger urban centres, he added that rural areas also benefitted.
Cllr Fox pointed out that the construction of new housing in many small towns
and villages led to the repopulation of many rural areas throughout the country.

"In this context it is particularly heartening to report a very high uptake of
support under the Leader and the National Rural Development programmes in county
Offaly over the 2000 - 2006 programming period. These programmes have provided
unique opportunities for individuals, groups and small businesses to develop new
innovative initiatives to sustain and improve job opportunities, living
standards and the quality of life of our rural communities.

"There is no doubt in my mind that individuals, local entrepreneurs, the farming
and wider community value the contribution these programmes make to rural and
community development in the county.

"This company's unique ability to respond to local needs has encouraged
individuals and community groups to think and act for themselves, and the
diverse range of innovative projects which have come forward is testament to the
ability of the people of Offaly to engage in shaping solutions to local
problems," the chairman said.

In looking to the future, Cllr Fox said the board of the Offaly Leader + company
is "committed to the people of Offaly, and has worked to ensure the voice of the
rural communities of Offaly will have a presence in th new unified structure
which is to be established.

"This new company is to act as a one-stop-shop through which individuals and
groups can access under a range of government and EU programmes. Offaly Leader+
is currently actively involved in developing the county's application for
funding under the new Rural Development Programme 2007-2013, and trusts that the
new company, when formed, will continue to value the role local people can make
in ensuring the sustainability of our rural communities.

"I hope it will continue our tradition of supporting individuals and voluntary
groups throughout the county and that it will build upon the strong track record
this company holds in transparency and accountability."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OFFA


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Students to help keep the community in good shape

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 94 words


A NEW rural health initiative will be piloted in Llansteffan.

The University of Wales Trinity St David have teamed up with Llansteffan Sports
Association to deliver the pilot project from the Pavilion in the village.

The project will focus on improving leisure, social and sports facilities for
people of all ages in Llansteffan and the surrounding areas. The sports
association received a grant from Innovative Communities which was used to buy
gym equipment which will be manned by qualified graduate students from Trinity
St David, during trial period inductions.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LINK-UP Council Innovative Communities development officer Helen
Williams, Innovative Communities project monitoring assistant Carwyn Edwards,
gym instructor Nicole Hopkins, from University of Wales Trinity St David, and
Richard Meade, Llansteffan Sports Club Chairman. Picture: Jeff Connell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWP


                    Copyright 2013 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Columbus Telegram (Nebraska)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 31, 2012 Wednesday

CCC lunch highlights foundation, school

BYLINE: Julie Blum, Columbus Telegram, Neb.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 333 words


Oct. 31--COLUMBUS -- The Central Community College foundation has helped
thousands of students receive a post-secondary education.

Recognition of the foundation and the college itself was held Tuesday during an
annual appreciation luncheon at CCC-Columbus campus.

The foundation, which is worth approximately $6 million, was established in 1989
to help provide financial assistance to students and college programs.

Last school year, many students benefited from the scholarships and assistance
awarded through the foundation. Of the 4,555 full-time students, 75 percent
received financial aid in 2011-2012.

"You see the extreme importance of the CCC Foundation. It plays a great role in
helping students further their educational ambitions," said Dr. Greg Smith,
president of CCC.

In the last fiscal year, more than $298,000 in scholarships were given to
students through the foundation, said Dean Moors, executive director of the
foundation.

The luncheon wasn't only focused on promoting giving to the foundation but also
what has been done directly at the Columbus campus with support from the
foundation.

Recent additions of programs and opportunities have included:

--Partnership with Columbus Community Hospital for a simulation lab that
incorporates the use of computer-driven mannequins.

--The Entrepreneurship Center for promotion of small business ownership.

--Youth Camps for boys and girls to learn about math, science, manufacturing and
technology.

--Scholarships for the music program and also support for a theater seat
campaign.

--Rural Community Development Initiative to address out-migration in rural
areas.

--Support of expanded athletic programs.

--Welding lab expansion scheduled to begin in 2013.

The foundation luncheon is held annually and rotates between the three CCC
campuses including Columbus, Grand Island and Hastings.

___ (c)2012 the Columbus Telegram (Columbus, Neb.) Visit the Columbus Telegram
(Columbus, Neb.) at www.columbustelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121031-CU-CCC-lunch-highlights-foundation-school-1031-20121031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CU


                        Copyright 2012 Columbus Telegram


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday

Minister pleads for community

BYLINE: Canaan Mdletshe

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 205 words


PUBLIC Enterprises Minister Malusi Gigaba has made a passionate plea to the
private sector to help the community of Mandeni reduce the very high levels of
unemployment.


 As part of his community development and outreach programme Gigaba hosts soccer
and netball games annually. The programme is an initiative of the Nompumelelo
Institute of Leadership - a youth leadership and life skills development
project.

 The tournament has been running since 2006 but still battles to expand because
no businesspeople have bought into the idea. Gigaba said areas such as iSithebe,
Ndulinde and others lagged behind in terms of development.
 "Poverty is one of the biggest challenges faced by this community.
 "Some schools need to be refurbished, pupils need financial support and many
young people are unemployed," he said.
 He said the local Mandeni municipality was unable to provide for the residents
because it lacked resources.
 "This is mainly because there's no tax-base for the municipality and it relies
mainly on government grants for survival. This poses a huge challenge.
 "That is why we are appealing to the private sector and the business community
to play a role and provide some sort of support," he said.
 PLEA FOR HELP: Malusi Gigaba

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     October 3, 2004 Sunday, FINAL Edition

Reimporting drugs is great, even if the feds don't like it;
The U.S. government should come up with a better idea if it doesn't like this
one.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Our Views; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 288 words


Gov. Baldacci's proposed plan to reimport American-made drugs from Canada is a
great way to reduce the cost of prescription drugs in Maine - but it's doubtful
that the federal government will agree.

The plan would have the Penobscot Nation purchase the drugs in bulk and sell
them from a distribution center on Indian Island.

Doing so would give an economic boost to the Penobscots, creating 100 new
permanent jobs. The tribe has already been awarded a $400,000 Community
Development Block Grant to renovate a vacant building into a prescription drug
warehouse.

The problem is that no other state has been granted a federal waiver to do this.
States including Illinois, Minnesota and Vermont already have been turned down.
Vermont is suing the government over it.

Baldacci, however, has other plans underway. He's also launching the Rural Rx
Initiative, which will help qualified health centers to team with pharmacies to
offer significant drug discounts. Those savings would range between 25 percent
and 50 percent for the people who need it most - mainly the uninsured and the
underinsured.

The federal government has no problem with this plan.

It shouldn't have a problem with the reimportation, plan either, and that's why
it's important for the governor to proceed.

Already, many citizens turn to Canadian mail-order and take buses across the
border to buy their prescriptions. If the federal government doesn't want people
to buy Canadian drugs, then it should come up with a plan to make the cost of
prescription drugs in America managable.

Maybe if enough states such as Maine continue to hammer out plans to provide
cheaper drugs to their citizens, federal leaders will get the message and act.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               September 30, 1992

TURNING TABLES ON POVERTY;
Pat Healy on one county's all-party initiative to help the unemployed with
training for real jobs

BYLINE: PAT HEALY

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 1446 words


THEY don't call it poverty in Cheshire. The strategy being developed by the
county council to help the poorest and most vulnerable is called "economic
disadvantage", a concept that has helped win all-party support in a shire county
that has been hung for the past 11 years.

Labour, with 32 members, controls the council with the support of the 10 Liberal
Democrats. But, with 29 Conservative members, nothing can be taken for granted.
Their support was crucial if what Labour clearly defines as an anti-poverty
strategy was to succeed.

The need is demonstrated by the statistics. An estimated 145,000 people - 15 per
cent of the population - were living at or below the income support level in
1991. Unemployment in Cheshire in April 1992 reached 37,469, a year on year
increase of 26 per cent. And employment is no guarantee against poverty. Last
year, 162,513 people - 44 per cent of those in work in the county - earned
poverty wages.

"The people behind those statistics need our help," said Labour councillor Tony
Shaw, who has been committed to the strategy from the outset. "We have already
raised poverty up the agenda and it is showing results. But we need a positive
strategy and that is what is beginning to happen.

"We are not doing anything on the ground that other Labour groups around the
country are not doing in one form or another. What is different is that it is a
corporate initiative in which every service committee will have to say what they
are doing to relieve social deprivation and where their activities fall short of
doing that."

In fact, the strategy is developing into the kind of programme that, had it been
proposed by the Greater Merseyside Council or any other of

the abolished metropolitan counties, would probably have had the Government down
on it like a ton of bricks.

Instead, it has the backing of Cheshire's Tory group and the enthusiastic
support of Gyles Brandreth, the new Conservative MP for Chester. This autumn
Gillian Shephard, the Employment Secretary, is due to open a small new factory
that is using training money to provide "proper jobs" and much needed services
for local people in one of the community initiatives backed by the strategy.

The factory, which will operate under the name Afford, has been developed by the
Winsford Neighbourhood Centre, covering estates identified as having some of the
highest levels of family stress in Cheshire.

It will provide jobs initially for seven people who will be trained to restore
and re-upholster furniture for sale to local people at affordable prices.

The local Training and Enterprise Council, NORMIDTEC, is granting pounds 50,000
but the factory will not provide the usual kind of youth training with which
local people have become thoroughly disillusioned.

Cheryl Fitsimmons, secretary of one of the local tenants' associations,
stresses: "It is not a scheme. It is proper jobs, proper wages and training. It
is a business that has arisen out of the need of people around here for work and
for reasonably priced furniture."

The latter need has arisen from changes to the benefit system which used to
provide one-off grants for essential furniture. Fitsimmons is considering
negotiating with the Department of Social Security to allow people who qualify
for the pounds 300 maximum loans which replaced the grants to spend them at
Afford, to make the money stretch further.

The idea for Afford, which is expected to expand into providing gardening and
decorating services, came from local people using the Winsford centre. They
pride themselves on having ideas that the bureaucrats would not have thought of
and making them work.

Two years ago, they started a credit union in response to the "astronomical
debt" in the area. It is run mainly by Kath Griffiths, who also has an
impressive record in fund-raising to meet local needs, like providing a
nebuliser for the treatment of asthma patients at a local GP's surgery.

The credit union has 135 adults on the books and 62 children in the savings
club. Its annual interest rate is 6.5 per cent; local loan sharks charge 56 per
cent. But to qualify for a credit union loan members have to pay in for a
minimum of 13 weeks.

Kath Griffiths says: "We are not reaching the people I thought we would. They
are already paying other people. They can't pay us as well. People come in
desperate need of money and we have to turn them away. We can't take the risk."

Nevertheless, the wide range of activities at the centre has helped turn the
area from one where the address at the top of a job application would mean no
interview to one where there is new dignity and hope. Pat Heath, a community
worker at the centre, said: "These people are so disadvantaged. But it is a
community that gives so much and has so little."

Winsford was one of four "Community Action Areas" (CAAs) identified in 1982 by
the social services department, when, like other departments, it was concerned
at the prospect that the Toxteth riots of 1981 might spread to Cheshire.

Community workers were sent in to help local people develop their own skills and
Cheshire committed pounds ll8,000 to start the first four CAAs. The idea
appealed to the Tories because it involved self-help, to Labour because it was
about enabling people to exercise power for themselves and to the Liberal
Democrats because of the emphasis on local commmunity action - different labels
for much the same idea.

A 1987 study by a Bristol University team found that there were significant
signs of more community involvement and action, and that local residents
supported the initiatives being undertaken. Since then the number of CAAs has
expanded to 11 and the county spends pounds 550,000 a year on them.

Cheshire supports several rural poverty initiatives, too. It is funding the
launch in October of the Bishop of Chester's project, Chester Rural Initiatives
Support Panel (Crisp), and part of the extra pounds 121,000 granted this year to
local Citizen's Advice Bureaux will pay for rural outreach work.

Nantwich CAB runs a home visiting service in south Cheshire where elderly and
disabled people, increasingly isolated since the deregulation of buses, have
been helped to claim benefits they didn't know they were entitled to. Last

year, the CAB helped more than 30 people share an extra pounds 48,000 in
unclaimed attendance allowances.

In Crewe, where the major employers - Rolls-Royce, British Rail Engineering, the
Wellcome Foundation and Chester Barrie - laid off 2,000 people last year,
Cheshire's grant paid for a redundancy specialist to help people who had "nice
starter homes" and no expectation of being on the dole to adjust. A quarter of
all CAB cases are now debt-related.

These activities are part of the council's commitment to help the most
appropriate agencies tackle poverty on the ground. They are complemented by
co-operation with other agencies, including district councils; by drawing on
other sources of funds, such as urban aid and the European social fund; and by
changes to the council's own direct services. This year Cheshire is spending
pounds 700,000 on adult and youth training programmes.

The decision to help disadvantaged communities has been built into base budgets
from the beginning. That has helped the strategy to survive where other
community development and poverty initiatives have failed. The education service
has been able to continue allocating extra resources to schools in areas of
family stress - despite the introduction of local management of schools - and to
increase the number of 16-year-olds staying on at school through educational
maintenance allowances, paying up to pounds l,748 a year.

The policy includes much greater emphasis on welfare rights work, developing
equal opportunities throughout the council's services and improving information
services to ensure that poverty does not exclude residents from using council
services. Late last year, Cheshire set up an economic disadvantage panel to
develop the broad strategy. It will include an annual audit of

each service.

Jeremy Taylor, director of the Policy Unit, which is leading work on the
strategy, said: "The overall approach is not yet sufficiently coherent to get to
the point where there is an agreed strategy across everything. But the more we
look into it, the more we see the inter-relationship of the county council's
activities.

"More than that, we have been driven by the consequences and costs of not doing
it. If we hadn't intervened, we might well have suffered the problems of
Liverpool and Manchester in the early 1980s."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                               November 06, 1995

NEW BUILDING WILL HOUSE HILARITIES

SECTION: Late News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1919 words


Hilarities Comedy Club is headed for a new building at 811 Prospect Ave.  Club
owner Nick Kostis, retired U.S. Judge Alvin Krenzler and Caxton Building owner
William Bolton will develop the structure. The new building, on the site of the
just-demolished Standard Theater, would cost ''a couple million'' and house a
new comedy club, magic show theater and comedy-themed restaurant, Mr. Krenzler
said. He said he and Messrs. Kostis and Bolton will finance construction of the
three-story building with their own money and lease it to Hilarities, which will
operate the building. The plan received approval from Cleveland's Design Review
Committee and Planning Commission last Thursday and Friday, respectively.

- Stan Bullard

MHW loses Geauga Lake account

MHW Advertising and Public Relations in Mayfield Heights has trimmed its staff
after learning that the Oklahoma City-based owner of Geauga Lake amusement park
retained a home town ad agency in favor of MHW. MHW has laid off about 10
employees from an 80-person staff in the last two weeks, said Janice Gusich, the
agency's director of public relations. Premier Parks Inc., which in August
purchased Geauga Lake operator Funtime Inc., notified MHW late last month that
it retained Ackerman McQueen, its Oklahoma City-based agency, to do all ad work
for the Aurora amusement park. The Funtime account had been with MHW for more
than 20 years. Ms. Gusich said the news was the only sour note in an otherwise
strong year for the agency, which posted gains in new business and record
earnings.

- Barbara Mooney

NASA administrator backs incubator

NASA administrator Daniel S. Goldin said last week he supports a proposed
business incubator designed to encourage the formation of companies that would
work to commercialize technology developed at NASA Lewis Research Center in
Cleveland. However, Mr. Goldin said it would take NASA several months to
complete its review of a proposal from Enterprise Development Inc., a local
nonprofit group, for a $500,000 grant to help launch the pro ject.  The
incubator would be located at the BP America Inc. research center in
Warrensville Heights.

- David Prizinsky

Dvedlopment group secures grant

A Portage County community development group is receiving a four-year, $128,000
grant from the Local Initiatives Support Corp. of Washington, D.C., to boost its
economic development efforts. PADCORP, the Portage Area Development Corp., is
one of 68 groups nationwide receiving the grant money, which is awarded to help
address issues of poverty and neglect in rural America. William E. Hale,
president of PADCORP, said the group will use the grant money to add one person
to its 12-member staff. PADCORP works with local governments to revitalize
industrial areas and improve housing stock.

- Scott Suttell

Griswold-Eshleman staff grows

Griswold-Eshleman Co. will add an estimated five em ployees to its staff of 65
after winning business expected to total about $3 million in billings.  Jeff
Weber, executive vice president for the Cleveland ad agency, said
Griswold-Eshleman has added Automated Packaging Systems in Streetsboro and Papa
John's Pizza's northern Ohio franchise outlets as clients.

- Barbara Mooney

Metal plater starts production

Novacote Inc., a new metal plating company, has begun production at a
13,000-square-foot plant at 3807 W. 150th St. Novacote was formed by John K.
Lydon, former vice president and general manager of Kelly Plating Co. on Madison
Avenue. Mr. Lydon said his eight-employee company offers automated zinc plating
technology that is needed by manufacturers of auto parts and products for the
electron ics industry.

- David Prizinsky

LOAD-DATE: November 09, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Crain Communications Inc.


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                               November 25, 2010

Old Coolattin Country gets energy grant

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 335 words


The organisation was selected alongside fifteen other local community
organisations spanning thirteen counties.

The EUR100,000 Community Energy Fund was set up to mark the company's one
millionth customer earlier this year and each of the projects will now have
their energy bills paid for in varying amounts ranging from EUR2,500 to
EUR25,000 which will allow them to focus on developing the work they do to an
even greater extent.

Dermot Kenny, Manager, Old Coolattin Country Ltd. said 'winning the energy grant
is like a shot in the arm, it boosted our confidence and determination far more
than monetary value alone. And what is more it is infectious and has rubbed off
on our clients, who seem more willing to face the jungle out there.'

Old Coolattin Country Ltd. is a voluntary group which was formed in 1991 to
address rural disadvantage in the Carnew area. The organisation was awarded
EUR10,000 in energy funding to help them continue their great work which
includes a broad range of education and training programmes and community
development initiatives. The small business support service also supplies back
to work services.

Speaking at the announcement of the Awards, John Mullins, Chief Executive, Bord
Gáis Energy congratulating the awards recipients said 'it is a privilege for us
to be able to support the work that you are doing in your local communities.

'When we were looking at how we could celebrate our one millionth customer
milestone we wanted to focus on local communities and see how if we paid the
energy costs, community projects like the ones here today could realise even
greater potential and make an even greater impact, if that were possible.

'We are proud that through these sixteen projects spread through 13 counties,
young people, the elderly, underprivileged, artists, people with special needs,
mothers and their children at risk and people who are unemployed will have their
lives enhanced in some small way through the support of this Bord Gáis Energy
Community Fund.'

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Wicklow People (Ireland)

                               November 24, 2010

Old Coolattin Country gets energy grant

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 335 words


The organisation was selected alongside fifteen other local community
organisations spanning thirteen counties.

The EUR100,000 Community Energy Fund was set up to mark the company's one
millionth customer earlier this year and each of the projects will now have
their energy bills paid for in varying amounts ranging from EUR2,500 to
EUR25,000 which will allow them to focus on developing the work they do to an
even greater extent.

Dermot Kenny, Manager, Old Coolattin Country Ltd. said 'winning the energy grant
is like a shot in the arm, it boosted our confidence and determination far more
than monetary value alone. And what is more it is infectious and has rubbed off
on our clients, who seem more willing to face the jungle out there.'

Old Coolattin Country Ltd. is a voluntary group which was formed in 1991 to
address rural disadvantage in the Carnew area. The organisation was awarded
EUR10,000 in energy funding to help them continue their great work which
includes a broad range of education and training programmes and community
development initiatives. The small business support service also supplies back
to work services.

Speaking at the announcement of the Awards, John Mullins, Chief Executive, Bord
Gáis Energy congratulating the awards recipients said 'it is a privilege for us
to be able to support the work that you are doing in your local communities.

'When we were looking at how we could celebrate our one millionth customer
milestone we wanted to focus on local communities and see how if we paid the
energy costs, community projects like the ones here today could realise even
greater potential and make an even greater impact, if that were possible.

'We are proud that through these sixteen projects spread through 13 counties,
young people, the elderly, underprivileged, artists, people with special needs,
mothers and their children at risk and people who are unemployed will have their
lives enhanced in some small way through the support of this Bord Gáis Energy
Community Fund.'

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Morpeth Herald

                            October 29, 2012 Monday

Threat hangs over vital community services

LENGTH: 435  words


VITAL village hall services could be lost if further support is not found, a
community group has warned.

Community Action Northumberland (CAN) is backing a campaign to highlight the
valuable role of the Rural Community Action Network in supporting volunteers.

The groups provide a valuable support service for people who manage community
buildings, with fully qualified advisers offering practical help, specialist
training and advice in accessing funding.

However, their work is threatened by budget cuts at a time when there is
increasing demand for services.

And a call has gone out to the Government, councils and other decision makers to
help maintain the network.

CAN Community Initiatives Officer Louise Currie said: "Each community and
village hall in Northumberland provides a vital venue so that a range of
services and local activities can take place.

"Demand for the skills, experience and knowledge that we and our colleagues in
the Rural Community Action Network can provide is increasing. By contrast,
easily accessible community development support services are reducing.

"Often the facilities and activities are not provided by local authorities so it
is left to volunteers to make sure they are available. Communities could lose
facilities and activities if volunteers helping to run them are not properly
supported.

"We are calling on the Government, local authorities and other policy-makers to
work together nationally and locally to decide how their reduced resources can
be invested to maintain delivery of our services so that volunteers who manage
these vital facilities get the support and help they need."

As part of the campaign, a new Community Assets: Keep Their Future Vibrant
publication has been produced, outlining the various uses of village halls. They
include health and wellbeing services, pre-school and nursery classes, access to
sport, retail services and arts and cultural activity. In Northumberland they
are used for theatre performances and film shows, exercise and fitness classes
and training and education.

The report also shows that volunteers give more than 18 hours a week to manage
community halls and raise funds, but more than a third of committees find it
difficult to recruit helpers. A fifth have problems meeting legal requirements,
more than a third exclude activities due to red tape and few halls receive
council grants.

Ms Currie said: "Without somebody locally to support and advise volunteers, they
might give up the valuable work they do and these community assets that people
of all ages in rural areas depend upon for so many vital services will be lost."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPMH


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           October 5, 2011 Wednesday

Indo-Afghan engagements: less economics and more geo-economics

BYLINE: Faisal Ahmed

LENGTH: 955  words


The strategic partnership agreement between New Delhi and Kabul during the
recently concluded state visit of Afghanistan's President Hamid Karzai clearly
signifies the geo-economic gravity of India in the much volatile Af-Pak region.

This partnership pact, the first of its kind ever signed by Afghanistan,
solicits India's strategic role in issues ranging from terrorism to trade, and
from political cooperation to capacity building.

Interestingly, this broad-based institutional framework has a tri-dimensional
connotation. First, the current security situation in Afghanistan is fragile,
owing to the killing of former Afghan President and peace envoy Burhanuddin
Rabbani and the failure of reconciliation talks with the Taliban.

Both these events bear huge geopolitical significance as they have seriously
disrupted the trajectory of peace-making in this war-torn nation. Its ripples
are touching the delicate strings of nation-building, a task undertaken by both
the US as well as India through their respective instruments of foreign policy.
Besides, the obvious issues emanating from the decade old instability in
Afghanistan do continue to be on board.

In this wake, India's role becomes significant because of two fundamental
reasons-support for democracy and stability in Af-Pak, and commitment for Afghan
reconstruction.

This brings the second connotation into the picture-the role of India in Afghan
reconstruction through its engagements in the development process. In May this
year, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited Kabul and asserted India's
willingness for sustainable participation in the process of reconstruction and
development. As of now, New Delhi has already committed $2 billion as
developmental assistance to Afghanistan, as part of its belief that
socio-economic development in Afghanistan would help ensure regional stability.

India's development assistance for Afghan reconstruction covers four broad areas
namely, humanitarian assistance, community development, infrastructure, and
education and capacity building.

As part of humanitarian assistance, India ensures a daily supply of 100 gms of
fortified, high-protein biscuits to nearly 2 million children and provides free
medical consultations and medicines to over 30,000 Afghans every month. Besides
that, India also provides facilities for transportation and public sanitation,
among others, which are helping people live better.

India's initiative in community development in Afghanistan is also very
comprehensive, wherein small projects are already under way to facilitate
agriculture, rural development, and employment through vocational training.

India has already built a 218 kilometre Zarang-Delaram highway in Afghanistan
and is constructing the Salma Dam Power Project on the river Hari Rud. India's
ongoing and completed projects in the country also include the Afghan
Parliament, restoration of telecommunication infrastructure in 11 provinces and
the expansion of the national TV network, among others.

There are 500 university scholarships for Afghan students in India. Also, the
programmes in training and capacity building are offered by India to Afghanistan
for strengthening public administration, local governance, diplomacy, media,
civil aviation, agriculture, health and much more. Moreover, deeper engagements
in the process of reconstruction entail participation in economic activities as
well.

Understandably, the third connotation is the economics of resources and their
utilisation. Afghanistan has extensive deposits of minerals, and precious and
semiprecious stones. This land-locked geological landscape is substantially
endowed with deposits of copper, gold, and high quality emerald and ruby stones.

An estimated $1 trillion worth of such untapped deposits have already been
discovered, but the country's mineral wealth can still be much more. The lack of
adequate infrastructure and logistics for extraction of these deposits, coupled
with the inherent instability, is what restricts Afghanistan's global outreach.

The Ghazni province is supposed to host one of the world's largest deposits of
lithium, while the country's Hajigak field-for which seven Indian steel and
mining companies, led by Steel Authority of India Ltd, have placed a combined
bid recently-commands an estimated 1.8 billion metric tonnes of ores.

Moreover, the strategic importance of Afghanistan as a transit route, especially
for energy supply, cannot be undermined. It opens up the gateway for gas
pipelines connecting South and Central Asia. The newly proposed
Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India (TAPI) gas pipeline is a strategic
necessity for India, and should not meet the same fate as the much-hyped
Iran-Pakistan-India (IPI) gas pipeline.

In the true spirit of developing a deeper engagement, the Indian role in such
multilateral negotiations can go a long way in facilitating the process of
reconstruction in Afghanistan.

Trade is also a crucial instrument of economic reconstruction. Afghanistan
already has a preferential trade agreement with India, and thus huge scope
exists for deepening cooperation in areas like agriculture, mining, industry,
energy, and major services like transport and information technology. Also, both
sides have agreed to cooperate in areas of trade facilitation and in reducing
non-tariff and tariff barriers, which is a welcome move.

However, a major challenge before this $14.5 billion economy is the achievement
of millennium development goals by 2015. It is hoped that such high-level visits
and the new strategic partnership agreement shall go a long way in inducing
stability and facilitating the process of reconstruction.

The author is associate director at CUTS International, a Jaipur-based think
tank

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Herbert River Express (Australia)

                            June 12, 2013 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Top speakers coming to shire

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 202 words


HINCHINBROOK Christian Church was instrumental in organising a recent Wellness
Conference held in the Ingham RSL. Organiser Cynthia Payne said the conference
aimed to both educate and inspire women into an understanding of total health
and wellness.

Three notable speakers from South Australia Dr Stephen Birrell, his wife Shelley
and Rev Glenda Watson were brought to Ingham with the support of the Community
Development Engagement Initiative Program grant and the Hinchinbrook Shire
Council.

The conference was opened by Cr Sherry Kaurilla.

Dr Birrell, a Professor in surgical oncology at the forefront of breast cancer
research in Australia, shared his knowledge, expertise and understanding of the
disease.

Shelley shared a message to inspire women to live a peace-filled, fear-free,
purpose-driven life.

Rev Watson, a powerful communicator whose message of restoration of the soul has
taken her around the world, spoke about the need for emotional wholeness. Access
to such highly regarded speakers in rural areas is a rare opportunity for which
those who attended the conference were very grateful.

Pastor Steve Walsh said the conference was the first of a series of Ingham
district events the church was organising.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: HRE


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 15, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Claims Due By Aug. 21 In Pipe Case

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. F04; REAL ESTATE NOTES

LENGTH: 573 words


Homeowners who are looking to be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses for
replacing polybutylene pipes and fittings that burst or leaked in their homes
must file their claims by Aug. 21 with the center handling the disbursement of a
$ 950 million settlement with chemical companies that provided the raw material
for the products.

Polybutylene pipes and fittings were widely installed during the 1980s in an
estimated 6 million homes nationwide, including 40,000 in suburban Maryland and
Northern Virginia. The pipes started failing when chlorine commonly found in
drinking water caused them to leak and burst.

Of the $ 950 million settlement, $ 75 million has been set aside to reimburse
homeowners for property damage, repairs and replacement costs caused by leaks
before Aug. 21, 1995. However, homeowners may face delays in money owed them.
Lawyers representing homeowners in the class action lawsuit against the makers
of the raw material have filed post-trial motions to grant new hearings on
several issues involved in the settlement. The center will continue to process
these claims so when a ruling is made it can immediately send out the checks.

Homeowners who want a complete new plumbing system because of leaks caused
before Aug. 21, 1995, have until August of next year to file their claims. So
far, 37,000 homeowners have had their plumbing systems replaced.

To obtain a claim form, consumers must call 1-800-867-4698 and speak with a
representative for the Consumer Plumbing Recovery Center.

Targeting Rural Borrowers

A partnership to increase homeownership in rural areas was created last week and
will begin operating in nine states, including Maryland.

The Rural Home Loan Partnership will target rural borrowers with incomes of 80
percent or less of area median income. It includes the Agriculture Department's
Rural Housing Services, the Federal Housing Finance Board and the Local
Initiatives Support Corp.

Private, nonprofit community development corporations in California, Maryland,
Florida, Michigan, Ohio, New York, Nebraska, Louisiana and Minnesota soon will
begin identifying and counseling eligible borrowers.

The Agriculture Department has committed $ 4.8 million to the program; the
federal home loan bank system has pledged $ 3.2 million for the pilot projects.

Rural homeownership rates increased in 1995, mirroring increases in ownership
across the board, the department said.

IN THE NEWS . . . The number of homes sold in Howard County, Md., jumped 17
percent last month to 247 units from 211 a year earlier, according to the Howard
County Association of Realtors. Year-to-date sales also increased 15 percent to
894 units, compared with 779 at this point last year. The average sales price
was $ 176,310 and the median price was $ 145,500. Homes stayed on the market an
average of 86 days . . . Architect Darrel Rippeteau and interior designer Ellen
Rollins have formed Rippeteau Rollins Architecture and Design. The firm, which
will specialize in commercial, hospitality and retail architecture and
interiors, is located at 1530 14th St. NW . . . Eric H. West, formerly a senior
vice president at Barrueta and Associates, and Richard I. Lane, a former
assistant vice president with Grubb & Ellis, have formed West & Lane Realty
Advisors. The business, located at 1200 19th St. NW, Suite 205, will operate as
a commercial real estate brokerage and consulting firm.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 1996June 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 22, 1996

CORRECTION: The telephone number for the Consumer Plumbing Recovery Center, the
group disbursing settlement money to homeowners with damages from burst
polybutylene water pipes, was incorrect in last Saturday's Real Estate section.
It is 1-800-876-4698.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

UW EXTENSION BUDGET IS MONEY WELL SPENT

BYLINE: Bill Berry

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 637 words

DATELINE: STEVENS POINT


A recently completed gig called Voices of Rural Wisconsin sent me to all corners
of the state and points between for conversations with rural folks.

The project, sponsored by the Wisconsin Academy of Sciences, Arts and Letters,
was simple in scope: We asked participants to talk about their life experiences
and to envision what is needed to ensure a healthy future for rural Wisconsin.
It produced a cornucopia of memories and great gifts of insight from some
remarkable people.

The art of learning by just listening to others is greatly underrated. I would
highly recommend it now and then for those who make their living with their
mouths. As for the people who make their living with their hands out in the
countryside, one message came through time and again: They were consistently
impressed by and thankful for the assistance they've received from UW Extension.

Their comments weren't solicited. They just came out as people talked about
everything from growing vegetables, fruit and livestock to providing
opportunities for young people in rural communities.

As state and local elected officials deal with tough budget challenges in the
coming days, one can only hope they'll recognize the value of this outreach arm
of the UW System.

Many of the people who offered their voices make a living in agriculture,
Wisconsin's bedrock industry. They are people like Ross Turner, who operates
Turner's Fresh Market, a thriving second-generation fruit- and vegetable-growing
business in Waupaca County. We sat in his pickup truck out in a strawberry field
one cool April morning as he said: "One of the things I grew up with was my
folks telling me how wonderful it was that we had land-grant colleges and the
Extension System. I think it took a little while for it to sink in, but those
folks are really there for you. They're really good. ... All the way through, if
you want good knowledge on growing stuff, Extension is great. There are
specialists in each area, and they deserve our support."

At the county level, Cooperative Extension is a partnership between state and
local government, with both anteing up funds. Is it money well spent? If the
Voices of Rural Wisconsin is any indicator, the answer is clearly yes.

We tout diversity as a key strength of Wisconsin agriculture, and that diversity
is encouraged and facilitated by the work of Extension. There are thousands of
real-world stories across the state of how this public-private partnership has
fostered economic development, one small business at a time.

But economic development is only one piece of the story. As important, perhaps
more, is community development. That might sound like a foggy term to some
people, but in rural Wisconsin communities, where concerns about the future
opportunities for young people are pressing, it's a big deal.

People up in Iron County know that. They've dealt with population declines for
decades as many of their young people pick up and leave as soon as they get out
of high school. Business people in Hurley who are concerned about this are happy
Will Andresen lives up there.

Andresen is an Extension community resource development educator. He has
facilitated an effort called the Gogebic Range Next Generation Initiative, which
stresses the area's bountiful natural amenities in an effort to keep young
people at home and recruit young professionals to the Iron Range. Is it working?
The effort is only a couple of years old, but it is producing results. Andresen
has been asked by other counties to replicate the effort.

On a personal level, I spent half a lifetime in the news business and never
really appreciated how important Extension was to a lot of people around me.
That was my fault. I wasn't listening. Let's hope those who benefit from
Extension's work speak up now, and decision-makers take the time to listen.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BILL BERRY Ross Turner checks sweet corn in Waupaca County in April
2010. The corn is grown beneath sheets of plastic to extend the growing season.
Turner sweet corn is sold by vendors across northern Wisconsin.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                                October 27, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Childcare spend in County Sligo;
IN BRIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 181 words


Fifty one community organisations and childcare providers across Sligo County
shared in more than (EURO)7 million in grants administered by Pobal on behalf of
Government, the EU and other bodies according to a new report.

The report shows that over (EURO)1.7 million was spent in Sligo on the Rural
Social Scheme which enables low income farmers and fishing families to engage in
part-time work; more than (EURO)1.7 million was allocated to the county under
the Tús programme; an initiative which provides long term unemployed with a 12
month work placement while Sligo workers were paid (EURO)559,622 in wages under
the Community Service Programme.

Some of the other grants awarded to Sligo organisations included: oOver (EURO)1
million for Community Childcare Subvention programme which reduces the cost of
childcare for disadvantaged families o(EURO) 658,383 for the Local Community
Development Programme which aimed to tackle poverty and social inclusion.

o(EURO)89,723 in funding for Youth Cafés o(EURO)187,548 to support people with
disabilities under the Disability Activation Project.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Train a Nurse in Ghana project

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 345 words


In 2014, the life of a young Ghanaian woman was changed forever, thanks to an
initiative by the RNAO and the Rotary Club of Windsor (1918).

Modesta Nukara Tantobo, a community health nursing student in the Upper West
Region of Ghana, was chosen to receive the financial support of the two
organizations. The Rotary Club of Windsor (1918) has been involved in
humanitarian work in the impoverished country for two decades -this project is
one of many that the

Rotary Club of Windsor (1918) has initiated. These projects include focusing on
maternal and child health, water and sanitation, literacy, education, and
economic and community development. They have also been able to send medical
teams to the area, improving maternal health conditions and establishing a
neonatal care unit at the hospital.

The Train a Nurse in Ghana project was conceived at a RNAO Windsor-Essex Chapter
meeting in 2012, when Rotary (1918) president Janet Kelly arrived to speak about
the types of work Rotary (1918) had begun and completed in Ghana. Kelly spoke of
education costs, noting that nurse training would cost an individual $1,200
annually. She also spoke of the lack of physicians in the country, explaining
that there is only one doctor for every 85,000 people.

The Windsor-Essex Chapter of the RNAO then made the decision to work toward
raising $3,500 throughout 2013, which would pay for the tuition, books, and room
and board for a student. The recipient of the scholarship would be asked to work
in a rural area of Ghana for two to three years after graduation, establishing
the RNAO and Rotary's goal of improving the availability of good healthcare in
areas most in need.

The executive committee of the Windsor-Essex Chapter of the RNAO worked
diligently on its fundraising efforts, holding a Zumba night in April and
raising $1,300. At the annual provincial RNAO meeting, several members
contributed donations, as did the Stoufville/Markham Chapter, which shared funds
raised at one of their Nursing Week events.

By December 2013, the RNAO met and exceeded its goal, raising $3,750.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Jackie MacIntyre and Veronika Pulley holding the flyer announcing the
initiative at the December RNAO meeting;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               February 19, 2014

GE Sponsored Rural Electrification Project in Rivers Takes Off

LENGTH: 524 words


The GE Africa-USADF Power Africa Off-Grid Energy Challenge is beginning to yield
dividends as one of the winners of the inaugural contest, Green Village
Electricity Project (GVE-P), recently completed the pilot phase of its off-grid
community electrification project in Egbeke community in Rivers State.

The project currently produces about 6 KW of solar powered electricity, which it
distributes to over 140 homes in the community thereby giving the residents
access to electricity for the first time.

Chairman of Egbeke Community Development Association, Sir Roland Eberechi
commended GE Africa for supporting GVE-P in bringing electricity to the
community. He affirmed that Egbeke and its surrounding communities comprising of
nine villages have never had access to electricity prior to the GVE-Project.
While describing it as a novel idea, he added that the project has put the
community on the map of Rivers State.

"Honestly, there's nothing to show that we were part of Rivers State until this
project. We have never had electricity here before now. But with this project,
GE has put us on Rivers State's map. That's why we continue to thank the young
man who conceived this project (Ifeanyi Orajaka) and General Electric that has
supported his dreams to this far. We thank them for putting Egbeke Etchee on
Rivers map," he said.

Sir Eberechi explained that the project has touched lives in the community
adding that the community is now the envy of its neighbours.

"We are proud to have this project in our community. It has added dignity and
honour to our existence. We are now the envy of neighbouring communities. We are
gradually moving on to take our place as community in Rivers State," he said.

He stated that the entire community appreciated the project and is grateful to
all who contributed in bringing it to fruition. However, as with every novel
ideas and initiatives, he added that the GVE Project has come with its own
challenges.

"As I said, it's the first time my community is witnessing something like this.
So, we are all excited. But as with every new initiative, everyone is eager to
have a taste. Unfortunately, what we have at this pilot phase of the project
cannot go round all the villages. This is generating a lot of problem," he
stated.

According to him, "What is being generated now could only serve two villages. It
is just natural that areas not covered for now are bound to react. You need to
see what happened the day they brought the equipments for installation. The
whole community was elated and participated in setting it up. You can imagine
the frustration of many after the installation; the project could only cover two
of the nine villages for now."

General Electric (GE) teamed up with the U.S. Africa Development Foundation
(USADF) to launch the Power Africa Off-Grid Energy competition last year to
encourage and assist African companies who are taking up the challenge to
address the needs of marginalized African communities not reached by the
national grid. The innovative power infrastructure development challenge
provides a grant of up to $ 100,000 to each of the winners to support their
initiatives.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Belfast Telegraph

                                 March 4, 2003

Country slide: Home truths; Poor standards of housing are among the major
problems facing rural communities

BYLINE: By Mandi Millar and Robin Morton

LENGTH: 1290 words


In the second part of our series aimed at highlighting concerns about the
country way of life, property correspondent Mandi Millar reports on the housing
crisis while Robin Morton outlines the problems with public transport and lookes
at one innovative scheme which meets the needs of the locals.

The harsh reality of life in the country for some

THE shocking state of Northern Ireland's substandard rural housing was revealed
in the Housing Executive's latest Housing Market Review.

It showed that almost 5% of homes here - 31,600 - were unfit for people to live
in, compared with over 7% (44,000) in 1996.

However, according to the Government's Decent Home standard introduced in
England in Wales this year, around 150,000 properties would still fall short
were the criteria applied here.

Room for improvement- an old cottage in Co Fermanagh and a refurbished home in
Co Armagh

And even the reduction in the overall level of unfitness masks the scale of the
problem in rural areas and some parts of Belfast, according to the executive's
report.

It also highlighted the backlog of maintenance and improvement work on executive
and housing association homes - the cumulative effect of previous funding
shortfalls.

"In recent years the Housing Executive's funding position has improved. Without
question the executive has made real progress but it continues to face real
challenges," said executive chairman Sid McDowell.

"A sustained level of funding will stamp out bad housing where it exists, stop
more housing falling into unfitness and protect the investment that has already
been made."

The Housing Executive launched its Rural Regeneration Programme in 1999 to make
the best use of the existing environment while considering the need for future
sensitive development. In recognising that rural areas need special
consideration, it produced a separate Rural Housing Policy in 1991 which was
updated in 2000.

It accepts that rural development cannot be achieved through economic policies
alone. Placing people back at the heart of rural communities can act as a
catalyst for other developments and enhance quality of life, skills, social
activities, schools, public services and, most importantly, investment in
financial terms.

The Housing Executive therefore aims to work with other agencies so that housing
can contribute to broader rural development.

The introduction of the rural housing policy has resulted in specific procedures
being put in place to help improve living standards in the country.

The most significant measure to improve house conditions and reduce the level of
unfitness is the Housing Executive's grant scheme.

The most notable of these in the rural context has been the introduction of the
replacement grant which is restricted to those isolated rural dwellings where
complete replacement of the property is considered more suitable than
renovation.

The Housing Executive also operates a "Care and Repair" service to give
additional assistance to the elderly and disabled householders.  In many cases,
particularly in rural areas, the only alternative for such applicants would be
to leave their homes.

And the right road?

DESPITE the popularity of the car, the humble bus service still provides a
lifeline for many people living in the countryside.

But, because of economic pressures, Ulsterbus's rural services have been
contracting year by year.

Now, however, the tide is turning, thanks to the Government's Rural Transport
Initiative which was launched three years ago.

New funding of £1.3m a year means that extra off-peak services have been added
to certain poorly served Ulsterbus routes.

And in addition Translink has been able to purchase 25 minibuses which it leases
to 15 community transport partnerships.

The vehicles are owned and serviced by Translink but operated by members of the
community associations.

As part of the deal, a local Ulsterbus manager acts as a non-executive director
of the association, in order to give technical advice.

So as not to compete with Ulsterbus, the minibuses are prohibited from stage
carriage services, but can be used for all manner of excursions.

Irvine Lavery, head of Translink's rural transport department, said the system
was working very well.

"Over the years, the Ulsterbus rural bus network has been cut back but thanks to
this initiative we have been able to improve and augment around 50 of our
timetable services"," he said.

"The biggest benefit has been felt in the west of the province but we have also
been able to provide additional services elsewhere.

"For example, we now have a bus service from Bangor via Craigantlet to take
visitors to and from the Ulster Hospital.

"Another innovative route ferries people in Omagh to Sand from the technical
college and the local cinema in the evenings."

A new departure is the launch of the flexible transport Rural Rover service from
Newcastle to Belfast.

The vehicle operating this service is able, by prior arrangement, to deviate
from the main road to collect or set down people living off the beaten track.

And other innovative ideas are the Causeway, Sperrin and Mourne Ramblers, and
the Antrim Coaster, which facilitate local people and day-trippers in some of
the more picturesque parts of the province.

"It's all part of what we call our ABC initiative - Access by Bus to the
Countryside," said Mr Lavery.

"We are pleased with the support these new services are receiving. It all goes
to show that public transport has an important role to play in all its forms."

The minibus answer that's as simple as abc

PENSIONER Jean Neill and her pals from the Co Londonderry village of Upperlands
used to have to put their skates on when it came to going to the shops.

Because as a result of the shortcomings of the Ulsterbus timetable, they had
just 45 minutes to do all their errands in Maghera.

The Ulsterbus 116 service which transported them the three miles to Maghera on a
Friday certainly did not encourage any dawdling.

"The bus came at 10.30am and we were in Maghera by around 10.45am," said Miss
Neill.

"But the only bus back, if you did not want to spend all day in town, was at
11.30am."

That gave the ladies from Upperlands just time for a quick whiz round the shops
- and no chance of elevenses.

"We just had no time to do all the messages," said Miss Neill. "We had to go to
the green-grocers, the butchers and the supermarket and keep an eye on the clock
all the time."

The only other option was to undertake a lengthy trek in the opposite direction,
catching the 11.45am to Kilrea and then on to Coleraine.

This meant a full afternoon in Coleraine, but the intrepid shoppers would not
arrive back in Upperlands until 5.45pm.

But now there is a third way. As a result of the intervention of Upperlands
Community Development Association, a minibus now shuttles the shoppers to and
from Maghera every Friday morning.

Glenice Todd, a director of the association, said: "Everyone got so frustrated
we organised a petition to Ulsterbus which was signed by 200 people."

The result was that the minibus was provided by an organisation in Magherafelt
called Oakleaf, which is part of the rural transport network.

The service began in the autumn and the minibus leaves Upperlands at around
10.15am, returning at midday, giving the shoppers a full 90 minutes in Maghera.

The passengers, all members of the association, pay a fare of £1 and so far
everything has been running like clockwork.

"It's much more satisfactory," said Miss Neill. "We don't mind paying the pound
because we're getting a service which meets our needs."


LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2003 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday

Garrett approves funds for demolition of center

BYLINE: Elaine Blaisdell, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


March 19--OAKLAND -- During its meeting on Tuesday, the Garrett County
Commission adopted a resolution for the application of $30,000 in Community
Development Block Grant funds for the demolition of the Crellin Community
Center.

"This is a project that has been discussed for the last two years at the Pace
Funders meeting and at the community level," said Peggy Jamison, grants resource
officer with Garrett County Community Action.

Though the community had concerns, it was determined rehabilitation was not
possible and the best option would be to demolish the center, said Jamison.

Chairman Robert Gatto said nothing has been done with the building for the past
10 years and that he met with community members and they understood that the
building needs to be demolished.

The site could possibly be used for another community center.

"It ties in nicely with the school," said Gatto.

Officials with the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development and CDBG are
willing to discuss future funding and assistance for redevelopment of the site,
according to Jamison.

Jamison also provided a review of the after-school program funding from the CDBG
that was awarded in 2009.

"What the funding from the block grant did is it bought some time for the
after-school program to continue for about 12 to 15 months," said Jamison.

There was an unexpected gap in the funding and CDBG was used to fill that gap,
according to Jamison.

The $125,000 CDBG grant was matched with $125,000 from the county.

The program served 174 children, according to Jamison, and continues today with
three sites in Accident, Grantsville and Southern Middle School.

Also during the meeting Mike Dreisbach, vice president of Garrett Trails and
owner of Savage River Lodge, requested that commissioners provide $50,000 as a
match for an Appalachian Regional Commission grant  for the next three years and
an additional $25,000 to help fund administrative costs for Garrett Trails.

Garrett Trails is a nonprofit and does receive some money from the Taste of
Garrett, which is held every year, according to Dreisbach.

There has been a delay with the Department of Natural Resources in the phase II
of the Meadow Mountain trail, which will be funded by leftover ARC grant money.

"It makes it tough when we are asking for more ARC grant money when there is ARC
money sitting on the table," said Commissioner Jim Raley.

The second phase of the trail will go across 4-H center property and connect to
an existing trail on Rock Lodge Trust Property land.

Last summer, local state foresters  were working on the engineering of the trail
and stopped, according to Dreisbach.

"We have done everything we can to try and get them (DNR) to move," said
Dreisbach. "We are trying to determine what happened to that initiative and what
happened to that cooperation."

There will be an executive meeting of the Garrett Trails board today to decide
how to move forward.

Garrett Trails is in the final stages of an agreement with the National Park
Service to make the Eastern Continental Divide Loop trail part of the national
trail system, according to Dreisbach.

Also during the meeting, the commission:

-- Approved contract extensions for office furniture; chains and augers; liquid
asphalt; motor oil, grease and fuel.

-- Approved a resolution setting the real property tax date for May 3 at 10 a.m.
in room 207 in the courthouse.

-- Said that all budget requests were due on Feb. 15 and that for the first time
the constant yield was identical to the tax rate.

-- Heard an update and funding request from Karen Reckner, executive director of
the Garrett County Arts Council.

Contact Elaine Blaisdell at eblaisdell@times-news.com

___ (c)2013 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130319-UM-Garrett-approves-funds-for-demolition-of-center-0319-20130319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2013 Cumberland Times-News


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Intern helps advance Ore. Main Street Program

BYLINE: Bill Rautenstrauch, The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


Oct. 7--Local efforts related to the Oregon Main Street Program will get a boost
with the addition of an intern to the City of La Grande's Community and Economic
Development Department.

Jason McNeil, an intern from the University of Oregon's Resource Assistance for
Rural Environments project, came on board Sept. 21, joining a staff that
includes Community and Economic Development Director Charlie Mitchell, Planner
Mike Boquist and Planning Secretary  Barbara Trick.

McNeil's said his focus will mainly be on the Oregon Main Street Program, an
initiative to improve the business environment downtown.

"The position is right up my alley," McNeil said. "I started getting Oregon Main
Street experience when I worked as an intern in Nyssa and Vale. I'm excited
about La Grande because they're at a stage where they're starting to get things
done."

McNeil, 32, was born in Boston, but has lived in Oregon, mainly Portland, the
past 11 years. In 2008, he graduated from Portland State University with a
bachelor's degree in community development.

While at PSU, he was active in the on-campus community development student
group. He served one internship with the City of Portland's Bureau of
Development Services, and another in the City of Hillsboro planning department.
He also wrote articles for the student newspaper, The Vanguard.

"I've always been kind of civic-minded, and I wanted a career where I'm involved
in the community and making a difference," he said.

He went to work for RARE after college, serving a one-year, combined internship
at Nyssa and Vale. Following that, he decided to continue with RARE, applying
for the La Grande position. His internship is funded by RARE, with a match from
the city.

La Grande was one of 11 Oregon communities selected in 2008 to participate in
the newly revamped Oregon Main Street program. The state program is affiliated
with the National Trust Main Street Center, a program of the National Trust for
Historic Preservation in Washington, D.C.

The program's approach encompasses work in four broad areas: organization,
promotion, design and economic restructuring. Local committees are appointed to
keep efforts moving forward in those areas.

In La Grande, those committees are working in concert with the Community and
Economic and Development Department and the Urban Renewal Agency to revitalize
downtown.

So far, efforts have yielded a facade improvement grant program, bike racks for
downtown, surveys of downtown businesses and Eastern Oregon University students,
and a downtown traffic impact study.

But much work lies ahead, and Mitchell can use some help. McNeil said he will be
helping smooth coordination among the committees and between the committees and
the city.

"There's all sorts of little projects coming up," he said. "I'm trying to keep
things running smooth, so they move along a little quicker."

He said the design committee is currently working on a streetscape plan, and a
proposal has been floated to build a pocket park on Elm Street.

Another thing McNeil is involved in at present is creation of La Grande Main
Street, a new group that is oriented toward Oregon Main Street program goals and
activities.

La Grande Main Street consists of members of the former La Grande Downtown
Development Association, and new participants in the Oregon Main Street
initiative.

"They've come together as one organization," McNeil said. "It's an exciting
merger. Ultimately Oregon Main Street will be operating on its own, without the
city's help, and this is a step in that direction."

His internship is for 11 months. He said he likes living in La Grande so far.

"It's a nice town," he said. "It's a little bigger and there's more going on. I
like to hike and ride a mountain bike, and the recreational opportunities are
pretty good as far as I can tell."

To see more of The Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lagrandeobserver.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Observer, La Grande,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091007-YL-Intern-helps-advance-Ore-Main-Street-Program-1007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                                 Copyright 2009


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                   September 30, 2000 Saturday Final Edition

Albertans urged to celebrate province's 100th birthday in style: 2005 centennial
gets head start with logo, Web site

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Bob Gilmour, Journal Staff Writer

SECTION: Alberta; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 382 words

DATELINE: Edmonton

Alberta's 100th birthday party got an early start Friday when the province
unveiled an official logo and Web site and announced funding for legacy projects
in 13 Alberta communities.

"We encourage individuals, communities and the corporate sector to develop local
celebrations," Community Development Minister Stan Woloshyn said at the launch
of Alberta's 2005 centennial program at the Jubilee Auditorium.

"Homecomings, salutes to local industry and events to honour the pioneers of our
province are just a few possibilities," he said.

Woloshyn also announced $38.5 million in funding for the first group of
centennial legacy projects in the 13 communities.

That includes $2.5 million for the Citadel Theatre and $2 million for the Fringe
Theatre Arts Barns.

Woloshyn said the government is considering a number of projects that are
provincial in scope, including commemorative coins, medals, and publications.
There will also be a gala birthday party on Inauguration Day, Sept. 1, 2005, the
100th anniversary of Alberta becoming a province.

Woloshyn said the government has received almost 20,000 responses in a public
consultation about the centennial.

"We heard from the smallest rural hamlets to the largest urban centres.
Suggestions ranged from modest local celebrations to enduring legacy programs
that would impact generations to come."

As a result, the centennial program has two parts, one for legacies and the
other for celebrations of special events and activities.

"We urge people and organizations who want to get involved to form community
partnerships and find local sponsors."

He said the centennial legacies grant program, on the other hand, reflects
Albertans' desires for projects of lasting value.

It is being announced five years early so "individuals, communities and the
private sector can start thinking of creative and appropriate initiatives,
"Woloshyn said.

Woloshyn also unveiled the Alberta 2005 Centennial logo. Once guidelines for its
use are in place, businesses and communities can use it to promote centennial
projects and events.

Woloshyn said he hopes the Alberta 2005 Centennial Web site at
www.gov.ab.ca/alberta2005 will become the "preferred gateway for Albertans"
seeking information on the centennial.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Candace Elliott, The Journal; Standing in front of the 2005 logo
to mark Alberta's 100th birthday celebration are, from left to right: Associate
Health Minister Gene Zwozdesky, campaign chair Dr. Bob Westbury, Community
Development Minister Stan Woloshyn, and Sol Rolinger, president of the Citadel
Theatre project.; 000929.ELL

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

On the trail of rare breeds in Trent valley

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 304 words


Heritage trails, new wetland habitats and even a rare cattle breed could be
introduced into the Trent Valley in rural Nottinghamshire.

But the ambitious £2.7m project rests on securing £1.7m in Heritage Lottery Fund
cash.

The proposals are part of a major submission being prepared by the Trent Vale
Landscape Partnership, which includes Bassetlaw District Council.

It is aimed at celebrating the natural and cultural heritage along both banks of
the River Trent between Newark and West Stockwith.

British Waterways are piloting the scheme, which could be used to deliver
community and farm projects, plus heritage, arts and environmental activities in
the area.

A Trent Vale Festival, school projects, rare breed cattle herd, healthy walking
trails and new nature reserves are also included in the application.

Submission of the grant application - with a decision expected in September -
was the climax of seven years of preparation following the launch on the OnTrent
initiative in 2002.

"I would like to thank all the partners, stakeholders, community groups and
individuals who have contributed so much time," said Trent Vale Project manager
Rob Fitzsimons.

'The partnership is confident that it has put together as strong a submission as
possible and we are all excited about the potential that this scheme could bring
with it.

"We are all hopeful that within the near future we will be able to follow
heritage trails, visit Trent Vale festival events, read the guide to Trent Vale
and get involved in the hundreds of volunteering opportunities that will be made
available."

Trent Vale community development officer Hester Kapur said "People love their
area and their river and would like to see it improved.  We look forward to a
positive response from HL"

If the go-ahead is given, new projects could be running from January 2010.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             June 25, 2009 Thursday

On the trail of rare breeds in Trent valley

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 304 words


Heritage trails, new wetland habitats and even a rare cattle breed could be
introduced into the Trent Valley in rural Nottinghamshire.

But the ambitious £2.7m project rests on securing £1.7m in Heritage Lottery Fund
cash.

The proposals are part of a major submission being prepared by the Trent Vale
Landscape Partnership, which includes Bassetlaw District Council.

It is aimed at celebrating the natural and cultural heritage along both banks of
the River Trent between Newark and West Stockwith.

British Waterways are piloting the scheme, which could be used to deliver
community and farm projects, plus heritage, arts and environmental activities in
the area.

A Trent Vale Festival, school projects, rare breed cattle herd, healthy walking
trails and new nature reserves are also included in the application.

Submission of the grant application - with a decision expected in September -
was the climax of seven years of preparation following the launch on the OnTrent
initiative in 2002.

"I would like to thank all the partners, stakeholders, community groups and
individuals who have contributed so much time," said Trent Vale Project manager
Rob Fitzsimons.

'The partnership is confident that it has put together as strong a submission as
possible and we are all excited about the potential that this scheme could bring
with it.

"We are all hopeful that within the near future we will be able to follow
heritage trails, visit Trent Vale festival events, read the guide to Trent Vale
and get involved in the hundreds of volunteering opportunities that will be made
available."

Trent Vale community development officer Hester Kapur said "People love their
area and their river and would like to see it improved.  We look forward to a
positive response from HL"

If the go-ahead is given, new projects could be running from January 2010.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 88


                         Copyright 2009 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Kilgore News Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

ETCOG champions counties' cooperation for progress

BYLINE: James Draper, Kilgore News Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 857 words


Aug. 07--Working with local elected officials, the East Texas Council of
Governments assists thousands of people -- individually and collectively --
every year.

"Our No. 1 objective is to do everything we possibly can to address the common
problems our cities, counties, schools and special districts face," ETCOG
Executive Director David Cleveland told the Kilgore Rotary Club last week.

Covering a 14-county region, ETCOG has a $39 million budget in Fiscal Year 2013
with 75-78 percent paid for by federal funds, 20 percent covered by the state
and about 2 percent coming from local funds.

" Our membe r s are elected officials," Cleveland explained, about 120 across
East Texas: "77 cities, counties, school districts and special districts are
part of this organization.

One common concern right now is insurance, he noted: members are asking ETCOG
for assistance in finding ways to keep insurance costs low with the looming
implementation of the Affordable Care Act, fearful of expenses spiralling out of
control.

To that end, Cleveland said, ETCOG has formed a strategic partnership with
Dallas-based Brinson Benefits.

"They saved us over $100,000 in monies that would have been spent in insurance
for our employees and actually improved the benefits that we have," he said.
Broadly, "I'm a big fan of trying to get everybody-thatneeds insurance
insurance. I'm not in favor of the government's strategy and approach.

"While the intentions are good, it's going to be very hurtful to our economy and
very hurtful to our businessmen and -women. In the meantime we've got to prepare
for that ... to help our cities and counties respond to the realities that are
coming in, now, 2015."

Cleveland spent the majority of his visit to Rotary updating the club members on
his organization's impact throughout its 14 counties.

In recent years, ETCOG has "flattened" and "restructured" its administration, he
noted, as a means to reduce the organization's overhead and free-up funds for
its four core divisions: Aging, Public Safety, Transportation and Workforce &
Economic Development.

AGING

One of the most visible aspects of ETCOG's outreach to elderly populations in
East Texas is the Meals on Wheels program, Cleveland noted.

"We provide hot, home-delivered meals to people who cannot get out of their
homes for whatever reasons," he explained. "Thousands and thousands of meals
every single day. It's a wonderful program."

Likewise, ETCOG provides emergency intervention assistance on a limited basis:
for example, an elderly individual facing a shut-off of their electricity for
nonpayment may find a helping hand. The organization also offers case-by-case
help with minor home repairs, handicapped assistance, it offers benefits
counseling for senior citizens and facilitates ombudsman, representing the
interests of aging adults receiving care in various facilities.

TRANSPORTATION

Benefitting the elderly population and many other citizens, ETCOG is the driving
force behind the GoBus Rural Transportation initiative, Cleveland noted: a fleet
of about 40 vehicles makes between 500 and 700 trips a day on weekdays
throughout the organization's counties, offering curbside pick-up for senior
citizens.

"We bring a lot of folks of all ages that need and demand transportation right
from their doorstep to where they need to go," he explained. Trips are $2
one-way, $5 county-to-county.

The organization is also heavilyinvolved in higher speed rail planning, working
with the East Texas Corridor Council to construct highspeed rail along
Interstate 20 to connect Ft. Worth to Shreveport.

"That is really important when you consider we're the second fastest-growing
state in the nation today."

Bringing elected officials together is also having a significant impact on the
development of East Texas transportation infrastructure through the Rural
Planning Organization, Cleveland said.

"That's a huge deal to have our county judges working together to rank and
prioritze transportation projects in our region."

PUBLIC SAFETY

In addition to homeland security planning and criminal justice grant
distribution, ETCOG oversees the development of nextgeneration 9-1-1 service in
its counties.

"We don't answer the phone when you call 9-1-1, but we train the dispatchers.
It's our team that makes sure that system is world-class and works well," he
said; they're working with Emergency CallWorx for an integrated, multi-agency
Voice over Internet Protocol system. "A lot of eyes in the state are looking at
us."

WORKFORCE & ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT

ETCOG is heavily-involved in Workforce Solutions of East Texas, community
development initiatives, small business loans, grant management, economic
development districts and environmental programs.

"This is a passion of mine," Cleveland said. "We've spent a lot of time
restructuring these programs to make them leaner, more effective, more
efficient."

In particular, he noted, ETCOG supports East Texas' workforce: "Workers need
employers, employers need workers."

___ (c)2013 the Kilgore News Herald (Kilgore, Texas) Visit the Kilgore News
Herald (Kilgore, Texas) at www.kilgorenewsherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130807-KQ-ETCOG-champions-counties-cooperation-for-progress-0807-20130807

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KQ


                       Copyright 2013 Kilgore News Herald


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

Infrastructure: Ekiti communities to get second tranche of grant

BYLINE: Our Reporter

LENGTH: 663 words


In furtherance of the commitment of his administration to ensure rapid
development of all parts of Ekiti State, Governor Kayode Fayemi has assured 132
communities and farmsteads in the state  that the payment of the second tranche
of aids for their self-help projects would be made available this month.

In furtherance of the commitment of his administration to ensure rapid
development of all parts of Ekiti State, Governor Kayode Fayemi has assured 132
communities and farmsteads in the state  that the payment of the second tranche
of aids for their self-help projects would be made available this month.

The governor gave this assurance in Isan-Ekiti during his quarterly meeting with
representatives of Community Development Associations across the state.

He said the meeting was called to review the projects being funded by the grant
-in-aids programme.

The various Community Development Areas (CDAs) were represented at the meeting
by their chairmen and secretaries.

Governor Fayemi said the programme was already actualising its set goal even as
some communities have completed their projects while some were at advanced
stages of completion.

He stressed that the programme was a fulfillment of his promise not to "do
development to the people, but to do development with the people."

"It is a quarterly meeting of community representatives in the 132 communities
and farmsteads. We have projects almost dotting all communities. Some have been
completed, some are half-way through, some are three quarter finished and we
have milestone payment for them and some are due for second tranche payment.

The monarchs in each community show appreciation for the self-help projects.
They chose the projects, the contractor, the carpenters and plumbers. The jobs
are done in such a way that grow the local economy and help those who have
skills in artisanship in the communities," he said.

The Fayemi-led administration had last year disbursed N600 million for the
completion of various ongoing, abandoned and uncompleted self-help projects as
well as provision of boreholes, access culverts among others in the benefiting
communities.

Speaking further, the governor stressed the need for the community leaders to
ensure peace in their various communities even as the state prepares for its
governorship election in June.

Fayemi, who said all citizens have a right to belong to an association of their
choice, urged the leaders to ensure that the political parties and their members
in the communities behave in accordance with the law and do not engage in any
act of violence or intimidation of political opponents.

Meanwhile the Community Development Associations have lauded Governor Fayemi for
introducing the grant-in-aids programme which has enabled them revive and
complete many projects which the communities have abandoned for lack of funds.

They added that the programme has not only given communities the sense of
participation in government but also facilitated the execution of their priority
projects "without going around to beg for assistance".

The representatives of the Communities highlighted the self-help projects in
their communities and asserted that the State has not had it so good until the
emergence of Fayemi as governor in 2010.

They said it is important for all Ekiti indigenes who have benefited from the
various projects carried out by the present administration to re-elect Fayemi as
Governor come June 21 so that the various people-oriented  programmes started by
the Governor can continue beyond 2014.

Also speaking, the Commissioner for Rural Development and Community Empowerment,
Mr Folorunso Olabode said the meeting became necessary in order to get feedbacks
on the self-help projects even as the government merely provides the funds and
monitor the execution of the projects.

Olabode said many of the benefiting communities have written to show
appreciation to government for the brilliant initiative which has given their
communities a new lease of life.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2014 The Sun Publishing Limited
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                                 March 27, 2017

                        Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston

                         800 Boylston Street, 9Th Floor
                               BOSTON,  MA 02199
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-617-2929600
URL: Home Page: http://www.fhlbboston.com
E-MAIL: info@fhlbboston.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Private
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 187

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Mr. Andrew      Independent Chairman of                2007         60    M
Calamare        the Board (2014)
Edward Hjerpe   President, Chief          2009                      56    M
III             Executive Officer (2009)
Jay Malcynsky   Independent Vice Chairman 2008         2007         61    M
                of the Board (2008)
Frank           Chief Financial Officer,  1997                      53    M
Nitkiewicz      Executive Vice President
                (2006)
.. Elliott      Executive Vice President, 1992                      61    F
                Chief Business Officer
                (2009)
Brian Donahue   Senior Vice President,    2010                      48    M
                Chief Accounting Officer,
                Controller (2013)
Sean McRae      Senior Vice President,    2014                      50    M
                Chief Information Officer
                (2014)
George Collins  Senior Vice President,    2006                      55    M
                Chief Risk Officer (2006)
Ms. Carol Pratt Senior Vice President,    2010                      56    F
                General Counsel (2010)
Timothy Barrett Senior Vice President,    2010                      56    M
                Treasurer (2010)
Donna Boulanger Director (2013)                        2013         61    F
Steven Closson  Director (2004)                        2004         65    M
Mr Peter Crosby Director (2005)                        2005         62    M
Stephen Crowe   Director (2012)                        2012         64    M
Martin Geitz    Director (2013)                        2013         58    M

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston (FHLB Boston) is a federally chartered
corporation organized by the United States Congress and is a
government-sponsored enterprise (GSE). FHLB Boston is privately capitalized and
its mission is to provide wholesale funding and liquidity to its members. The
Bank develops and delivers financial products and services to support housing
finance, community development and economic growth, including programs targeted
to lower-income households. It principally serves the residential-mortgage and
community-development lending activities of its members and certain non-member
institutions located in its district.

   The Bank's business lines include offering credit products, such as advances,
access to the Mortgage Partnership Finance (MPF) program, deposit and
safekeeping services, and access to the Affordable Housing Program (AHP). It
also maintains a portfolio of investments for liquidity purposes and to
supplement earnings.

   The Bank serves as a source of liquidity and makes advances to its members
and housing associates secured by mortgage loans and other eligible collateral.
It offers an array of fixed- and variable-rate advances products, with repayment
terms intended to provide funding alternatives to its members in many
interest-rate environments and situations. It also offers an advance
restructuring program under which the prepayment fee on prepaid advances may be
satisfied by the member's agreement to pay an interest rate on a new advance to
amortize the prepayment fee by the maturity date of the new advance, rather than
paying the fee in available funds to the Company. The Bank also offers offering
standby letters of credit and act as a correspondent for deposit, disbursement,
funds transfer and safekeeping services.

   The Bank offers solutions that are targeted to meet the affordable housing or
economic development needs of communities that its members serve. These programs
include the AHP, the Equity Builder Program (EBP), Community Development
Advances (CDA) and the New England Fund (NEF). The AHP provides subsidies in the
form of direct grants or subsidized interest rates on advances (AHP advances) to
help fund affordable housing projects that are directly sponsored by members.
The EBP offers members grants to provide households with incomes at or below 80%
of the area median income with down-payment, closing-cost, homebuyer counseling,
and rehabilitation assistance. The EBP is funded with a portion of the AHP
assessment. CDAs are discounted advances offered at interest rates that are
lower than its regular advances programs for the purpose of helping its members
fund community development efforts, such as small business, roads and schools,
and affordable housing for individuals with incomes at or below defined
percentages of area median income. NEF advances are targeted to support housing
and community development initiatives that benefit moderate-income households
and neighborhoods.

   Lending Activities

   The Bank participates in the MPF program, which is a secondary mortgage
market structure under which it either invests in or facilitates Federal
National Mortgage Association's (Fannie Mae's) investment in eligible mortgage
loans (referred to as MPF loans) from FHLB members. MPF loans are either
conventional, residential, fixed-rate mortgage loans (conventional mortgage
loans) or government mortgage fixed-rate loans that are insured or guaranteed by
the Federal Housing Administration (the FHA), the United States Department of
Veterans Affairs (the VA), the Rural Housing Service of the United States
Department of Agriculture (RHS), or the United States Department of Housing and
Urban Development (HUD) and are secured by one- to four-family residential
properties with original maturities ranging from five years to 30 years or
participations in such mortgage loans (government mortgage loans).

   Investments Activities

   The Bank manages a portfolio of short-term investments issued by highly rated
institutions, including overnight federal funds and securities purchased under
agreements to resell (secured by the United States Department of the Treasury
securities, Government National Mortgage Association (Ginnie Mae), Fannie Mae,
or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac) securities). At December
31, 2014, investment securities and short-term money market instruments totaled
$16.9 billion.

   Sources of Funds

   Consolidated obligations (COs) are the Bank's primary source of funds.
Deposits, other borrowings and the issuance of capital stock, which is
principally held by the Bank's current and former members, provide other funds.
The Bank primarily uses these funds to provide loans, called advances and other
products and also to fund investments. The Bank offers demand and overnight
deposits, custodial mortgage accounts and term deposits. Deposit programs are
intended to provide members a low-risk earning asset that satisfies liquidity
requirements. At December 31, 2014, deposits totaled $369.3 million.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
52211 - Commercial Banking
SECONDARY NAICS:
522294 - Secondary Market Financing
PRIMARY SIC:
6111 - Federal & Fed.-Sponsored Credit
SECONDARY SIC:
6029 - Commercial Banks, Nec
6159 - Misc Business Credit Institutions
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Federal National Mortgage Assctn Fnni Me
     ·    Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2016

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Bank
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170327

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Investment Securities         18,031,331       8,968,850       8,834,167
Other Earning Assets, Total         18,031,331      18,019,181      16,879,299
Net Loans                           42,793,233      39,657,955      36,966,022
Other Assets                           721,022          83,513          55,458
Other Assets, Total                    721,022         167,955         132,869
Total Assets                        61,545,586      58,102,669      55,106,677



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Total Deposits                         482,163         482,602         369,331
Long Term Debt                      57,258,085      25,469,266      25,804,373
Total Long Term Debt                57,258,085      25,469,266      25,804,373
Total Debt                          57,258,085      53,948,363      51,113,981
Other Liabilities                      560,560         567,523         654,354
Other Liabilities, Total               560,560         567,523         654,354
Total Liabilities                   58,300,808      55,079,756      52,228,891



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Common Stock                         2,411,306       2,336,662       2,413,114
Common Stock, Total                  2,411,306       2,336,662       2,413,114
Retained Earnings (Accumulated       1,216,986       1,128,848         901,658
Deficit)
Other Comprehensive Income           (383,514)       (442,597)       (436,986)
Other Equity, Total                  (383,514)       (442,597)       (436,986)
Total Equity                         3,244,778       3,022,913       2,877,786
Total Liabilities &                 61,545,586      58,102,669      55,106,677
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              23,333          23,367          24,131
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     23,333          23,367          24,131
Outstanding



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Tangible Book Value, Common          3,244,778       3,022,913       2,877,786
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,             139             129             119
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Interest & Fees on Loans             1,168,977         369,706         361,968
Interest & Dividends on                416,360         194,693         180,637
Investment Secs.
FedFundsSold/ScrtyPurch                 34,036          11,306           6,608
UnderResaleAgrmt
Other Interest Income                      538              73              11
Trading Account Interest                 9,194           9,144           9,395
Interest Income, Bank                1,629,105         584,922         558,619
Interest on Deposit                    457,094              77              67
Interest on Other Borrowings           455,736         359,148         345,260
Total Interest Expense                 912,830         359,225         345,327
Loan Loss Provision                      (554)           (330)              61
Fees & Commissions from                  7,701           8,050           7,159
Operations
Dealer Trading Account Profit          (4,410)         (4,890)             972
Other Unusual Income                   (8,104)         (4,413)         (4,647)
Other Revenue                           73,578        (11,625)         (5,649)
Non-Interest Income, Bank               68,765        (12,878)         (2,165)
Labor & Related Expenses              (47,089)        (46,089)        (36,729)
Litigation Expense                      39,211         184,879          22,000
Other Expense                         (41,657)        (30,293)        (28,926)
Non-Interest Expense, Bank            (49,535)         108,497        (43,655)
Net Income Before Taxes                192,604         321,646         167,411
Net Income Before Extra. Items         173,207         321,646         167,411



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Income Available to Com Incl           173,207         289,318         149,788
ExtraOrd

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2016      12/31/2015      12/31/2014
Net Income/Starting Line               173,207         289,318         149,788
Unusual Items                            4,794           4,413           4,647
Other Non-Cash Items                  (32,324)        (58,924)        (69,373)
Non-Cash Items                        (27,530)        (54,511)        (64,726)
Loan Loss Provision                      (277)           (330)              61
Other Assets                             2,748         (4,163)           8,687
Payable/Accrued                          (446)         (9,956)           7,839
Other Liabilities                      (7,334)          30,179           4,354
Investment Securities,                  25,341          26,565        (41,025)
Gains/Losses
Changes in Working Capital              20,032          42,295        (20,084)
Cash from Operating Activities         165,709         277,102          64,978
Purchase of Fixed Assets               (3,381)         (1,155)         (1,756)
Capital Expenditures                   (3,381)         (1,155)         (1,756)
Sale/Maturity of Investment          1,901,755       1,748,350       2,165,695
Purchase of Investments            (2,052,859)     (1,931,665)     (2,719,281)
Loans                              (2,556,244)     (2,133,487)     (5,631,712)
Other Investing Cash Flow            (589,199)     (1,690,248)     (3,747,374)
Other Investing Cash Flow          (3,296,547)     (4,007,050)     (9,932,672)
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities     (3,281,353)     (4,008,205)     (9,934,428)
Deposits                                 (339)         113,731       (146,802)
Other Financing Cash Flow             (13,268)        (17,787)        (17,653)
Financing Cash Flow Items             (13,607)         183,727       (164,455)
Cash Dividends Paid - Common          (85,069)        (62,128)        (36,931)
Total Cash Dividends Paid             (85,069)        (62,128)        (36,931)
Sale/Issuance of Common                455,451         269,076         203,882
Repurchase/Retirement of             (380,767)       (345,474)       (266,347)
Common
Common Stock, Net                       74,684        (76,398)        (62,465)
Issuance (Retirement) of                74,684        (76,398)        (62,465)
Stock, Net
Long Term Debt Issued              181,740,158     154,616,479     139,359,055
Long Term Debt Reduction         (178,334,709)   (151,800,895)   (128,742,251)
Long Term Debt, Net                  3,405,449       2,815,584      10,616,804
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,       3,405,449       2,815,584      10,616,804
Net
Cash from Financing Activities       3,381,457       2,860,785      10,352,953
Net Change in Cash                     265,813       (870,318)         483,503
Net Cash - Beginning Balance           254,218       1,124,536         641,033
Net Cash - Ending Balance              520,031         254,218       1,124,536

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: Not Available
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 23,333,000
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 USD)
                                                  12/31/201 12/31/200 12/31/200
                                                  0         9         8
Mortgage Loan Finance          Net Interest       50,668    68,936    28,186
                               Income
Mortgage Loan Finance          Total Assets       3,264,584 3,526,527 4,177,313

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                               September 7, 2000

Agency: AGENCY

SECTION: Agency: AGENCY, Pg.26

LENGTH: 418 words


Pressure on over fire station

PRESSURE is mounting for confirmation of an alternative site for a new fire
station after it emerged the existing premises has a remaining life span of just
two years. Teignmouth town councillors revealed on Tuesday night that they had
been approached by the fire service to put pressure on Teignbridge District
Council to resolve the matter. An alternative site had already been recommended
by the town council, but the proposals have been dogged by continual delays.

Fair tradition

THE traditional white-gloved hand of friendship will be extended from a window
in Barnstaple's Guildhall to mark the opening of the town's ancient fair next
Wednesday. After this, the mayor and councillors, together with mace bearers and
beadles, will parade through the town to proclaim the fair's opening.

Funds for trust

THE Great Torrington and District Community Development Trust has been awarded a
grant of GBP 9,500 by the Baring Foundation to take on a part-time human
resources consultant for a year and pay volunteers' expenses. "The consultant
will research the views of volunteers, implement effective ways of responding to
volunteers' initiatives and devise better support systems for volunteers and
staff," said development trust director Andrew Lightfoot.

Slurry spill

LEGAL action could be taken after the major slurry spill into the River Dart
last week. Lawyers at the Environment Agency are considering the case involving
the escape of slurry from a farm near Tiverton.

Dogs help cats

DOG owners are among those invited to help raise funds for homeless cats at the
Blue Cross adoption centre in Torbay. A three-mile sponsored countryside walk
has been organised for Sunday, October 1 at Cockington Country Park, starting at
11am. The Blue Cross hopes dog owners will take advantage of the rural location.

Warning over trees

PROWTING Homes is to receive a written warning for prematurely felling trees at
a site in Crediton. Mid Devon District Council is to send a "strongly-worded"
letter to the firm after it began felling work before taking a number of
measures including an archaeological search.

Motoring seminar

TRADING standards officers are to host a seminar for motor traders at the Devon
Hotel, Matford. It is part of an attempt to improve standards in the trade.

Wrong party

A HEADLINE in Tuesday's Western Morning News incorrectly referred to Torbay's
Liberal Democrat MP, Adrian Sanders, as a Conservative. We apologise for the
error.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2000 Western Morning News


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Examples of How You're Implementing the National HIV/AIDS Strategy
in Your Communities

LENGTH: 1181  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  For the last month, we've called for your stories about how those of you
outside the Federal government --as people living with HIV, service providers,
health department staff, advocates, and others--are applying the National
HIV/AIDS Strategy to your work.  In response, we have been hearing many great
stories about what is happening in communities across the nation to implement
the Strategy.





 Click here to directly submit your 150-200 word story by September 30!



 During the recent U.S. Conference on AIDS, we hosted a session on implementing
the Strategy, during which we heard many compelling stories from community
partners about activities underway to advance us toward the Strategy's goals.
Here are a few highlights of what was shared:

 Here are some examples of 150-200 word stories to submit:







 Building Medical Homes for Multiply-diagnosed, HIV-positive Homeless People
Living in Rural North Carolina:



 A health center in rural Dunn, North Carolina, is working to improve HIV
outcomes for clients who are homeless or unstably housed and have mental health
and/or substance use disorders. Lisa McKeithan of CommWell Health has observed
that both navigators and partnerships are key to meeting the needs of these
especially vulnerable clients.  The center's efforts are focused on improving
access to care and rates of viral suppression among these clients who are in
need of multiple services to successfully navigate the HIV care continuum.
Through partnerships with a diverse network of more than 30 community providers
and organizations, the health center connects clients with services such as
housing or substance abuse treatment. CommWell Health's navigators offer
intensive services such as providing transportation for clients to mental health
appointments, meeting with landlords, and helping clients obtain Social Security
cards. Their efforts demonstrate what can be accomplished when communities
pursue a more coordinated response to HIV, as recommended in Goal 4 of the
Strategy. CommWell Health's work is supported by a Special Projects of National
Significance (SPNS) grant from the Health Resources and Services Administration
(HRSA)'s HIV/AIDS Bureau. That SPNS initiative is a multi-site demonstration and
evaluation of HIV service delivery interventions for homeless people living with
HIV.



 Integrating Housing and HIV Care Data to Improve Outcomes in Florida:



 To assist HRSA and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
in implementing Action 4.A.2. of the Strategy, Palm Beach County, Florida is
piloting a model for electronic data integration between housing and HIV care
services.  The county's Housing Opportunities for Persons With AIDS (HOPWA)
grant funds housing assistance and supportive services for more than 300
low-income people living with HIV (PLWH) in Palm Beach County. Understanding
that PLWH who experience housing instability are less likely to achieve viral
suppression, the West Palm Beach Department of Housing and Community Development
has been looking for ways collaborate to improve these outcomes.  With funding
from a new collaboration between HRSA and HUD, the department is partnering with
the local Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program on a new integrated data system that will
include both HOPWA as well as Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program data. The goal of
integrating the data is to allow for streamlined intake and assessment processes
to accurately identify unmet needs of clients and connect them to appropriate
services. It will also help the sites to quickly identify and conduct targeted
outreach with clients that are no longer engaged in care and are in need of
additional services or support. According to Mark White, the Housing and
Community Development Administrator in West Palm Beach, the new system "puts
everyone on the same team working toward the same goals."



 Providing HIV Testing and Linkage to Care to Disproportionately Impacted
Populations in Dallas:



 Among the four critical areas of focus in the Strategy is widespread testing
and linkage to HIV care. Abounding Prosperity, a Dallas community-based
organization, is putting that into action in the South-- a region that has been
prioritized in Goal 3 the Strategy due to its disproportionate rate of HIV. The
organization has focused their testing efforts on two key populations also
featured in Goal 3: young Black gay, bisexual, same-gender loving, and other men
who have sex with men and Black transgender women. Kirk Myers, Abounding
Prosperity's CEO, shared with us that the organization offers HIV testing at
various community events and venues in order to reach populations who are
unlikely to visit a clinic for a test. By offering testing at more convenient
times and places, they are able to uncover previously undiagnosed individuals as
well as engage with those who are aware of their HIV status but are not in care.
A portion of this work is supported by CDC's Division of HIV/AIDS Prevention.

  Co-locating Behavioral Health Treatment and HIV Medical Care in Tampa:



 Working alongside the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
(SAMHSA) to implement action 2.A.2. of the Strategy, the Drug Abuse
Comprehensive Coordinating Office (DACCO), a community-based substance use
disorder service provider in Tampa and surrounding Hillsborough County, Florida,
has been working to integrate HIV services and behavioral health care to improve
outcomes for PLWH in their community. The Strategy calls for comprehensive,
coordinated, patient-centered care, including addressing HIV-related
co-occurring conditions. Toward that end, DACCO has established collaborations
with both a health center and the county health department so they can link
clients who are diagnosed with HIV through one of their programs to HIV care.
They have also added case management services to help individuals who are newly
diagnosed connect to and remain in care. The case managers also follow up with
individuals who are out of care and try to re-engage them. Since the sprawling
county covers both urban and rural areas, DACCO also established a mobile unit,
known as "the big purple bus," to help make integrated primary care, behavioral
health services, and hepatitis C services accessible to individuals who lack
transportation or who are unlikely to visit a clinic. Their work is supported in
part by a grant from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services
Administration (SAMHSA).

 These stories are important reminders that the Strategy is a national one and
not just a federal one.



 Reaching the Strategy's goals won't be possible without everyone's full
participation.  I commend these community partners for their efforts. As their
examples illustrate, with strategic action, ongoing leadership, and
collaboration across agencies and organizations, we are coming closer to the day
when the Strategy's vision will be realized.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                             August 31, 2009 Monday

The Daily Record News Briefs: August 31, 2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1272  words


New POA law effective Sept. 1

Beginning Tuesday, powers of attorney in New York must be accompanied by a
statutory rider to authorize an agent to make major gifts and asset transfers.

The new power of attorney law, Chapter 644 of the Laws of 2008, was signed in
January. It is designed to enable more careful consideration of the broad powers
a POA grants to the agent. The measure revises Title 15 of Article 5 of New
York's General Obligations Law. (NY G.O.L. §5-1501.)

The new law contains other changes relating to both the content and the
execution of the power of attorney form, including an acceptance by the agent.
(NY G.O.L. §5-1501B subd. 1(c)). In addition, the form is now durable, and not
affected by later incapacity, unless the form specifically provides that it is
terminated by incapacity of the principal. (NY G.O.L. § 5-1501A). If a guardian
is later appointed, the agent will account to the guardian rather than the
principal.

The statutory short form POA is set out at NY G.O.L. §5-1513. Power of attorney
forms that were validly executed prior to Sept. 1 will be grandfathered.

Brooks warns of scam

A phone call promising stimulus money to food stamp clients is a scam, Monroe
County Executive Maggie Brooks warned Friday.

The county's Department of Human Services is receiving reports of stimulus money
being offered to people who previously did not qualify for the state's recent
$200 back-to-school payment.

Those who receive such calls are being asked to call a toll-free number and have
a credit card ready to pay $3.95 for the transaction. Victims are placed on
hold, then asked to provide other information including the an EBT debit card
number and pin. After providing the information, the caller is told $1,000 will
be deposited into their food stamp account within the next two to three days.
Some clients also are being told they could receive gift cards for retail stores
or gas cards.

Providing such information puts clients' accounts at risk, Brooks said.

"We are reporting our complaints and findings to the New York State Attorney
General and hoping that these scammers are caught and brought to justice," she
said. "In the meantime, we are asking all of our food stamp clients to not
divulge any sensitive information that would put their accounts in jeopardy. "

New phone number

The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct has a new phone number.

Effective Aug. 20, the commission's Rochester telephone number is (585)
784-4141. The fax number, (585) 232-7834, is unchanged.

"In an effort to be cost efficient, we converted our telephone system to Voice
over Internet Protocol," spokeswoman Beth Bar wrote in an e-mail.

The office location at 400 Andrews St., Rochester, also has not changed.

Community Foundation awards grants

The Rochester Area Community Foundation last week announced it has awarded
$181,500 to nine groups and programs, including new programming for formerly
incarcerated women and their children.

Step by Step of Rochester Inc. received a $12,000 Community Foundation grant to
develop an inter-agency program for the children of formerly incarcerated women
and women at risk of incarceration.

Located at 228 S. Plymouth Ave. in Rochester, the agency provides workshops and
programs to help women rebuild their lives and families, and reduce recidivism.

"The change in the Rockefeller Drug Laws has had an enormous impact on the women
we work with," Margy Mayk, co-founder of Step by Step, told The Daily Record.

The reduction of prison sentences for drug offenders is returning more
ex-offenders to the community.

In addition, the group Samaritan Women, which previously worked with the
children of women incarcerated at the Monroe County Correctional Facility,
dissolved this summer at the urging of United Way. Step by Step aims to address
the needs of those children through new collaborations with the Recovery
Network, the Rochester Drug Court and other agencies.

"We are putting together a full-time program to address a holistic approach for
women" and children, Mayk said.

Community Foundation grants were awarded in four categories - the arts, $47,000;
civic engagement, $48,000; early childhood, $64,000, and women and girls,
$22,000.

More information about the foundation is available at www.racf.org.

Millions granted for state revitalization

In an effort to expand available affordable housing, revitalize New York's Main
Streets and modernize infrastructure, a total of $34.7 million in grants was
announced by Gov. David Paterson last week.

The New York State Community Development Block Grant and New York Main Street
programs financed the awards, which could leverage an additional $48 million in
local-level investments.

"These grants will make a different in urban and rural communities across New
York," Paterson said in a statement. "Neighborhood by neighborhood, block by
block, the Community Development Block Grant and New York Main Street programs
will further local development so that our communities thrive. "

The grants will be used to rehabilitate housing, improve and upgrade public
water and sewer systems and increase home ownership opportunities, as well as
support eligible non-profit organizations involved in community revitalization.

Kolb petitions for 'People's Convention'

An online grassroots petition for a "People's Convention to Reform New York"
garnered 312 signatures in its first 48 hours, according to an e-mail from
Joshua Fitzpatrick, spokesman for Assembly Minority Leader Brian M. Kolb,
R,I,C-Canandaigua.

Two recent surveys by the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute and Siena
College Research Institute showed 64 percent and 63 percent of voters support
the reform effort, Kolb said in a statement.

"The sheer enormity of the fiscal and governmental challenges facing our state
require bold action," Kolb said. A convention "would deliver much-needed change
to a dysfunctional system. "

He has asked that elected officials and lobbyists not to serve in the
convention, saying the initiative must be undertaken by people "who are fed up
with Albany's status quo," not insiders.

The convention would consider reforms including caps on spending and property
taxes; debt reform; requiring a two-thirds Super Majority for passage of tax
increases; allowing for recall of state elected officials; enacting initiative
and referendum; term limits for legislative leaders; non-partisan redistricting
reforms and new procedures to fill vacancies in statewide offices and U.S.
Senate seats.

Kolb's petition can be viewed online at www.reformny.org.

Buffalo businessman pleads to felony

Gary Mackiewicz, president and owner of D&M Refrigeration Inc., failed to report
more than $2.6 million in taxable income over a three year period, the New York
State tax department announced late last week.

Mackiewicz, 51, of 50 Lakeside Drive, West Seneca, appeared Aug. 26 before state
Supreme Court Judge Penny M. Wolfgang. He pleaded guilty to one count of
third-degree grand larceny, a felony charge, and has paid partial restitution of
$46,310.

He agreed to make full restitution of $383,752 to the tax department over five
years, of which $25,000 is due prior to his Nov. 12 sentencing. The total
includes $85,990 in interest and $66,206 in civil penalties.

A civil tax audit revealed that Mackiewicz and D&M, a full-scale commercial food
service equipment dealer located at at 1340 William St., Buffalo, collected
$290,839 in state sales tax between Dec. 1, 2005 and Aug. 31, 2008. During that
same time, only $59,284 in sales tax was remitted to the state.

Mackiewicz faces up to seven years in prison. He was released on his own
recognizance pending his sentencing.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              North Devon Journal

                                  May 19, 2005

New computer suite logs on to :8,000 windfall

SECTION: News; Education; Adulteducation; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 187 words


A windfall has enabled aging equipment to be replaced with a state-of-the-art
suite at a Torrington learning centre.  The Pathfinder Thomas Fowler IT centre
has been revamped with the help of an £8,000 grant from the Government's UK
online initiative.

The money has bought 12 new computers.

The centre was originally set up by the town's community development trust in
1998 and was later taken over by the North Devon Pathfinder Trust in 2004.

The centre, at Castle Hill, provides training for local people in IT, English,
maths and business management as well as offering internet access.

Trust chief executive George Curry said: "The new equipment, together with a new
broadband internet connection, will help the centre continue to be at the
forefront of using new technologies to deliver training to rural areas." The
centre is holding an open day on May 26 and manager Linda Banting said: "We
would like to invite everyone, whether they have used the centre before or not,
to come along to try the new equipment and sample some of the training courses
we offer." %For further information call 01805-626120.


LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                       Copyright 2005 North Devon Journal


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           November 1, 2012 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Bank sponsors economic project By PEARSON KOLO

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 295 words


THE economy of the country has to be strenghtened from the village level through
sustainable microeconomic activities, says Asian Development Bank community
development specialist Reuben Fuapo

"Otherwise, the vast vulnerable women and children living in the rural areas of
Papua New Guinea will not benefit, but instead suffer the consequences of high
costs of living determined by the current economic boom," Mr Fuapo said.

Mr Fuapo made these analytical statements during the first loan payment from the
Elgel-Kero microfinance scheme in Southern Highlands province recently.

The ADB officer said people at the community level must participate in
microeconomic activities and sustainable projects to sustain their lives.

"We must provide the avenue for the people in the village level to participate
in such activities," Mr Fuapo stressed.

ADB through its community microfinance scheme, paid the people of Elgel Kero
money through the scheme to start projects.

The scheme was established through frequent consultations and trainings funded
by the ADB Grant JFPR Project, and the Department of Works in collaboration with
a road rehabilitation program that includes community awareness-building and
behaviour changes regarding health and gender issues.

Mr Fuapo emphasised that the money belongs to the community and the borrowers
were told to be accountable because the growth of the community depended on them

."The broad picture of this idea is the way forward to start a new era if only
each one of you can change your mindset, take ownership and set your compass
right and be focused," said Mr Fuapo.

ADB Grant JFPR Project initiative is a poverty alleviation strategy that is
focused on extending socioeconomic benefits for roadside communities with
improved road net works.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Extreme Build underway

BYLINE: Janie Slaven, McCreary County Record, Whitley City, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 389 words


June 12--PINE KNOT --  Some 115 volunteers representing 25 churches with the
Kentucky Baptist Fellowship are in McCreary County this week building a home for
a Pine Knot family.

The 7th annual Extreme Build officially got underway Thursday with the
installation of a prefabricated kitchen-bath module (or CORE) designed by the
Kentucky Highlands Community Development Corporation to help eliminate
substandard kitchen and bath facilities in rural areas.

This year's recipients are Charles and Mary Ann Brown, who currently live in a
1971 doublewide mobile home which originally served as a restaurant. Over the
years, the home has developed a leaky roof and several weak spots in the floor.
Charles also suffers from a breathing condition which is exacerbated by their
wood-burning heater.

Mary Ann serves as a full-time caregiver for Charles. The couple, who have been
married nearly 30 years and have four children, are excited to meet the
volunteers who are building their new home.

Most arrived this week from churches across Kentucky and one from Georgia, while
a pre-build crew of 20 -- led by KBF's Steve Holm -- started last week on the
foundation and CORE.

Extreme Build was begun in 2006 as part of the rural poverty initiative known as
Mountain Hope, which is directed by KBF's Joshua Speight. In addition to
Kentucky and Georgia, volunteers over the last six summers have come from
Alabama, Florida, Indiana, Tennessee and Texas.

The program represents a partnership between McCreary County Community Housing
Development Corporation, Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation, Federation
of Applachian Housing Enterprises, USDA Rural Development, Together for Hope,
Cooperative Baptist Fellowship and Kentucky Baptist Fellowship.

House recipients are required to attend home ownership classes as well as
correct any past credit issues. Funding for each home is comprised of USDA
loans, grants, donated funds, donated labor and gifts in kind. The recipient
receives an affordable-rate mortgage, and while not required to make a down
payment, must buy a prepaid homeowner's policy before the build begins.

The Brown home will be dedicated this Saturday afternoon.

___ (c)2012 the McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Ky.) Visit the McCreary
County Record (Whitley City, Ky.) at mccrearyrecord.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120612-RK-Extreme-Build-underway-0612-20120612

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RK


                     Copyright 2012 McCreary County Record


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

Jonathan offers employment to 167 youths

BYLINE: Our Reporter

LENGTH: 791 words


President Goodluck Jonathan Monday offered automatic enjoyment to about 164
former members of the National Youths Service Corps ( NYSC) for distinguishing
themselves in their service to their fatherland. Besides, he granted automatic
federal government scholarship for those who might wish to further their studies
up to doctoral degree level. The President, who announced the [...]

President Goodluck Jonathan Monday offered automatic enjoyment to about 164
former members of the National Youths Service Corps ( NYSC) for distinguishing
themselves in their service to their fatherland. Besides, he granted automatic
federal government scholarship for those who might wish to further their studies
up to doctoral degree level.

The President, who announced the gestures at the combined honors for the 2012,
2013 and 2014 Presudent's award winners of the scheme at the Banquel Hall State
House, said, they were aimed boosting the morale of the both serving and
prospective corps members.

The 164 winners, according to the Director-General of the NYSC, Bri.Gen. Johnson
Bamidele Olawumi, were selected from the 613 nominations which were received
from across the country within the period under review.

A break down of the figure shows that 55 won in 2012; 52 corps members for 2013
Service year while a total of 57 corps members won the award for the 2014
service year, which Jonathan described as marking a crowning point in the
year-long service activities of the NYSC Scheme and Corps members to our
fatherland.

Highlights of the event was the endorsement of the Hope Alive, a private
initiative aimed at providing succor to injured members of the NYSC. For a
start, nine injured members have been penciled down as the first set of
beneficiaries.

Under the scheme, about N23.5 million has been realized. These include N5
million donated by the Managing Director of Ibeto Group of Companies; another N5
million from the Akwa Ibom State Governor, Obong Godswill Akpabio to the nine
injured and N1.5 million each to the nine injured corps members as donations by
the Heritage Bank

According to Jonathan, the conferment of the President's NYSC Honours Award on
these worthy young men and women, who have diligently served the nation through
the National Youth Service Corps Year, is an important moment in youth
motivation. It is designed to highlight and promote the creative and innovative
contribution of our youths, focused towards building a strong, virile, vibrant,
united and prosperous Nigeria.

He noted that since its inception over forty-one years ago, the NYSC Scheme had
continued to play a significant role in actualizing Nigeria's quest for a united
nation. In addition, it is also complementing vital manpower requirements in
education, health, infrastructure development, entrepreneurship and critical
skills

He lauded managers and successive batches of Corps members for the patriotic
zeal with which they have sustained the cardinal programmes of the Scheme, since
inception. "Above all, I salute the founding fathers of lthe NYSC whose ideals
have not only continued to inspire successes of the noble Scheme, but also
remained relevant in the developmental efforts of our great nation.

"The giant strides recorded by the scheme through its Community Development
Projects have greatly contributed to improved living standards of our rural
dwellers in all sectors. I urge States and Local Governments, to offer
accelerated assistance to the Scheme on programmes of community and rural
development and with special emphasis on Agriculture."

He re-iterated his administration's abiding faith and confidence in the ability
of the Corps members and, indeed, the entire youths to sustain the unity and
indivisibility of the country, noting, "You must at all times, work
conscientiously and tirelessly for the cohesion of our country by regarding your
compatriots as brothers with whom you share a common stake in progress and
well-being."

He commended the various efforts of the Ministry of Youth Development and the
NYSC towards skills acquisition training. This includes youth entrepreneurship
development initiatives aimed at job creation, enhanced service delivery and
rural development

Worthy of note is the scheme's collaboration with the Office of the Senior
Special Assistant to the President on MDGs for the implementation of the War
against Poverty a programme that has empowered over three hundred thousand Corps
members with skills and follow-up loans for the establishment of agro-based
businesses.

These collaborative efforts with other agencies towards actualizing the Federal
Government's Agricultural Transformation Agenda, demonstrates the adaptive
capacity of the Scheme to identify with lofty programmes of Government.

(GUARDIAN NEWS)

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2015 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Manchester Evening News

                                 April 26, 2001

Health tonic to ease stressed farmers

BYLINE: JOHN PRINCE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 274 words



VILLAGES in the Peak District and neighbourhoods in Greater Manchester have been
handed nearly GBP 2m in good health'' aid grants.  Officials in the Peaks said
that their GBP 994,000 hand-out will help farmers and villagers who have
suffered stress and depression over the foot and mouth crisis.

The north west awards - which include Wigan and Leigh - come from the New
Opportunities Fund, a National Lottery good cause'' distributor.  The Peak
District's Healthy Living Network projects include exercise-on-prescription,
transport and community development and a parenting skills service.  The network
will target a quarter of the local population who are on low incomes and many of
whom are young families or young people.

Julie Hirst of the Peak District's rural deprivation forum said today that news
of the grant could not have come at a better time.  Fears about the mental
health of farmers have been heightened by the problems caused by the foot and
mouth outbreak.  There are also high levels of stress and depression in this
community, which often go untreated due to cultural taboos.''

A similar grant of nearly GBP 1m goes to Wigan and Leigh Healthier Communities
Initiative, part of the district's Our Healthier Borough strategy which targets
poor health in 10 of the borough's most deprived neighbourhoods.  Projects
include health cafes, cook-and-taste sessions and a walk-in complementary
therapy centre.

The Opportunities Fund hands out Lottery cash to health, education and
environment projects in the UK, to support projects that will improve quality of
life.



LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2001 Manchester Evening News


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                             April 3, 2008 Thursday

Council offering opportunity

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 258 words


THE Southland District Council is to provide a new opportunity for Southland
young people.

The council has created a Youth Ambassador programme, where someone aged between
18 and 25 years will be made a Southland ambassador for a year.

Venture Southland group manager community development and events Rex Capil said
the programme would give skilled young Southlanders opportunities to contribute
to the community and learn about other communities.

Their role may include working with various agencies including health,
environment, rural development, gender, governance, justice, education and
infrastructure development.

The ambassador would also spend up to 14 days in Southland's sister city Wyong
in Australia, Mr Capil said.

Development and promotion of youth activities and initiative would be a key
responsibility as would working closely with council's Youth Council, he said.

"It's about developing youth pride in Southland while acknowledging the
challenges facing them and supporting community engagement, enterprise and
employment opportunities, which in turn should help keep young people in the
district." The cost for the ambassadorship will be met from a Government grant
after Venture secured $20,000 from the Mayors' taskforce for a jobs employment
catalyst fund.

Southland Mayor Frana Cardno said it was fantastic to have funding to encourage
youth leadership in Southland for the future.

"We will be able to choose youth that inspire others," she said.

It is anticipated that the first youth ambassador will be appointed in July for
one year.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            April 21, 2012 Saturday

In feudal Sindh, Zohra Bibi challenges status quo

BYLINE:  AMAR GURIRO

SECTION: Vol. II No. 296

LENGTH: 1392  words


Being a woman in the northern districts of Sindh - notorious for being the hub
of tribal and feudal lords - is not an easy thing.

Most of them are not allowed to roam freely or take active part in politics or
social work.

These districts are home to the infamous bandits of former dictator Ziaul Haq's
rule and the majority of the province's women, who fall victim to honour killing
or karo-kari. The small village of Chaho Labano of the Wazirabad union council
in the Shikarpur district could be counted as one of the most dangerous villages
for women.

But Zohra Bibi, a resident of this village who comes from a poor family and was
forced to stay illiterate her entire life, struggled to set an example for the
women of these districts by becoming the Florence Nightingale of the development
sector.

Sandwiched between the villages of Mahar sardars (chieftains) and Jatoi sardars,
two very powerful tribes of the area, is her village of Chaho Labano.

Until a few years ago, she could not have even imagined that she would one day
stand tall and become a community leader in her village. But today, she is the
leader of 22 community organisations (COs) comprising 323 women from the nearby
areas.

A few months ago, Zohra had received an invitation from the Rural Support
Programme Network to attend the Local Support Organisation (LSO) Convention in
Islamabad along with other activists from all across Pakistan. For the first
time in her life, she was travelling out of the district and that too by an
airplane.

"During the convention, I met the wife of an elected representative of my area
and when I introduced myself, she was shocked and surprised," recalled Zohra.

Zohra briefed her about how she had organised the women of her village and was
going to participate in a convention where female participants from different
areas of the country were coming to share their experiences.

"The lady was very impressed with my simplicity, devotion, courage and
commitment to my cause. I invited her to visit my village, and with her support,
I have now organised the villages of the Mahar and Jatoi tribes," said Zohra.
This was her first step in organising the women of these areas, where being a
woman is nothing less than a crime.

The attitude and behaviour of the Mahar and Jatoi communities towards her kin
has also changed. She has taken all the responsibilities of her village on her
shoulders.

A young boy of her village was killed during a cattle robbery. She persuaded the
Village Organisation (VO) to set up a community-based security system for their
village.

It was decided that six posts around the village would be established where
three male volunteers would be deployed at each post. The villagers and their
cattle and other valuables are safer now because of the initiative of Zohra.

Zohra then turned her focus towards education. The only school in the village
was not properly functioning. The VO arranged for the teaching staff and now the
school is functional.

Many such stories are emerging every day from the northern part of Sindh where
women are commonly treated as sub-humans. They are killed in the name of honour
for even speaking to a man not related to them.

But things have started changing. With the support of the provincial government,
the Sindh Rural Support Organisation (SRSO) has organised 267,544 women into
15,630 COs clustered into 5,294 VOs and federated into 41 LSOs in three
districts of northern Sindh under the Union Council-Based Poverty Reduction
Programme (UCBPRP).

Their level of confidence and dynamism in terms of leadership and involvement in
self and community development and improvement has to be seen to be believed.

At the newly opened outlet of the products of the COs in Sukkur Bazaar, when
someone asked the women present there who their manager was, they received the
response: "What manager? We are the managers! We manage our shops!"

The UCBPRP was first initiated in the Shikarpur and Kandhkot-Kashmore districts,
and after analysing the performance in these districts, the provincial
government initiated this programme in the Jacobabad district in June 2010.

The programme aims at improving the quality of life of the rural communities,
especially of the poorest of the poor, through the conceptual package of social
mobilisation, organising them into "organisations of the poor" at community,
village and union council levels.

In the beginning, the SRSO conducted the Poverty Score Card exercise in 166
union councils of these three districts to identify the poor and the poorest.

As all these women have no experience of conducting meetings, record-keeping or
maintaining registers of their proceedings and accounts, training for
capacity-building of the office-bearers of the COs, VOs and LSOs is one of the
components of this programme because these organisations cannot effectively
function without that.

Some 153,189 members of various COs, 35,496 of VOs and 371 of LSOs, as well as
their office-bearers are trained in management and record keeping of Community
Investment Fund (CIF).

These organisations have not only empowered the most neglected section of the
society - women - but also made positive impacts on the social fabric of the
society.

Nasim is the elected head of her organisation of her village Mudd Khoso. Their
tribe was in conflict over a piece of land with the other tribe residing in
their neighbourhood.

That feud has taken the lives of 38 people on both sides. Nasim took the
initiative and led a delegation of women of her tribe. They went to the houses
of their rival tribe and invited their women to join their organisations.

They replied: "The males of your tribe will kill our women if we come to your
houses." But Nasim and her colleagues took the responsibility of their security.

When those women came to Nasim's house, they were given a lot of respect. Then
these women belonging to both tribes compelled their males to settle their
feuds.

The bone of contention, the piece of land, was eventually distributed among the
families of those killed in the conflict.

The UCBPRP also includes a component whereby the youth from economically and
chronically poor segments of the society are provided scholarships for receiving
training in vocational skills.

Under this component of the programme, 29,547 participants have been trained in
different trades. After being trained, many of them have opened up motor
rewinding workshops, refrigerator and mobile repairing shops, beauty parlours,
etc.

The Craft Enterprise initiative is for capacity-building of the skilled people
of the area, development of their products and designing marketing strategies to
enable these marginalised craftswomen to have access to local, national and
international markets.

Orders of up to Rs 133,409 were placed last month for different products
manufactured by the craftswomen of the Kandhkot, Shikarpur and Khairpur
districts.

The poorest of the poor, including widows and people living with chronic
disabilities, are provided grants to purchase livestock or anything that could
help them generate income on a regular basis.

It has helped so many people to step out of the shadows. The Income-Generating
Grant has been given to 5,640 members.

The most effective, powerful and result-oriented intervention of this project is
setting up of a village-based revolving fund at the community level. This fund,
the CIF, provides interest-free loans to the members of the COs for investment.

This fund has a very encouraging impact on the lives of the common people and
has saved them money that they used to pay as huge interests for their
agricultural inputs and other things. Almost 75,000 women have benefited from
this fund. It is organised by their COs.

The VOs are to be given schemes of sanitation and drinking water supply as
grants. Shelter support is being provided in terms of low-cost houses to the
extremely poor households who live in thatched huts and require shelter. Some
5,284 low-cost houses have been initiated, whereas 4,161 houses constructed.

After the 2010 flood, the regular interventions of the UCBPRP were temporarily
suspended, and with the support of the provincial government, relief and
rehabilitation work was started with special focus on providing shelter to the
flood survivors. Construction of over 6,000 houses has been completed in
different areas of the province's three districts.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            April 21, 2012 Saturday

In feudal Sindh, Zohra Bibi challenges status quo

BYLINE:  AMAR GURIRO

SECTION: Vol. II No. 296

LENGTH: 1392  words


Being a woman in the northern districts of Sindh - notorious for being the hub
of tribal and feudal lords - is not an easy thing.

Most of them are not allowed to roam freely or take active part in politics or
social work.

These districts are home to the infamous bandits of former dictator Ziaul Haq's
rule and the majority of the province's women, who fall victim to honour killing
or karo-kari. The small village of Chaho Labano of the Wazirabad union council
in the Shikarpur district could be counted as one of the most dangerous villages
for women.

But Zohra Bibi, a resident of this village who comes from a poor family and was
forced to stay illiterate her entire life, struggled to set an example for the
women of these districts by becoming the Florence Nightingale of the development
sector.

Sandwiched between the villages of Mahar sardars (chieftains) and Jatoi sardars,
two very powerful tribes of the area, is her village of Chaho Labano.

Until a few years ago, she could not have even imagined that she would one day
stand tall and become a community leader in her village. But today, she is the
leader of 22 community organisations (COs) comprising 323 women from the nearby
areas.

A few months ago, Zohra had received an invitation from the Rural Support
Programme Network to attend the Local Support Organisation (LSO) Convention in
Islamabad along with other activists from all across Pakistan. For the first
time in her life, she was travelling out of the district and that too by an
airplane.

"During the convention, I met the wife of an elected representative of my area
and when I introduced myself, she was shocked and surprised," recalled Zohra.

Zohra briefed her about how she had organised the women of her village and was
going to participate in a convention where female participants from different
areas of the country were coming to share their experiences.

"The lady was very impressed with my simplicity, devotion, courage and
commitment to my cause. I invited her to visit my village, and with her support,
I have now organised the villages of the Mahar and Jatoi tribes," said Zohra.
This was her first step in organising the women of these areas, where being a
woman is nothing less than a crime.

The attitude and behaviour of the Mahar and Jatoi communities towards her kin
has also changed. She has taken all the responsibilities of her village on her
shoulders.

A young boy of her village was killed during a cattle robbery. She persuaded the
Village Organisation (VO) to set up a community-based security system for their
village.

It was decided that six posts around the village would be established where
three male volunteers would be deployed at each post. The villagers and their
cattle and other valuables are safer now because of the initiative of Zohra.

Zohra then turned her focus towards education. The only school in the village
was not properly functioning. The VO arranged for the teaching staff and now the
school is functional.

Many such stories are emerging every day from the northern part of Sindh where
women are commonly treated as sub-humans. They are killed in the name of honour
for even speaking to a man not related to them.

But things have started changing. With the support of the provincial government,
the Sindh Rural Support Organisation (SRSO) has organised 267,544 women into
15,630 COs clustered into 5,294 VOs and federated into 41 LSOs in three
districts of northern Sindh under the Union Council-Based Poverty Reduction
Programme (UCBPRP).

Their level of confidence and dynamism in terms of leadership and involvement in
self and community development and improvement has to be seen to be believed.

At the newly opened outlet of the products of the COs in Sukkur Bazaar, when
someone asked the women present there who their manager was, they received the
response: "What manager? We are the managers! We manage our shops!"

The UCBPRP was first initiated in the Shikarpur and Kandhkot-Kashmore districts,
and after analysing the performance in these districts, the provincial
government initiated this programme in the Jacobabad district in June 2010.

The programme aims at improving the quality of life of the rural communities,
especially of the poorest of the poor, through the conceptual package of social
mobilisation, organising them into "organisations of the poor" at community,
village and union council levels.

In the beginning, the SRSO conducted the Poverty Score Card exercise in 166
union councils of these three districts to identify the poor and the poorest.

As all these women have no experience of conducting meetings, record-keeping or
maintaining registers of their proceedings and accounts, training for
capacity-building of the office-bearers of the COs, VOs and LSOs is one of the
components of this programme because these organisations cannot effectively
function without that.

Some 153,189 members of various COs, 35,496 of VOs and 371 of LSOs, as well as
their office-bearers are trained in management and record keeping of Community
Investment Fund (CIF).

These organisations have not only empowered the most neglected section of the
society - women - but also made positive impacts on the social fabric of the
society.

Nasim is the elected head of her organisation of her village Mudd Khoso. Their
tribe was in conflict over a piece of land with the other tribe residing in
their neighbourhood.

That feud has taken the lives of 38 people on both sides. Nasim took the
initiative and led a delegation of women of her tribe. They went to the houses
of their rival tribe and invited their women to join their organisations.

They replied: "The males of your tribe will kill our women if we come to your
houses." But Nasim and her colleagues took the responsibility of their security.

When those women came to Nasim's house, they were given a lot of respect. Then
these women belonging to both tribes compelled their males to settle their
feuds.

The bone of contention, the piece of land, was eventually distributed among the
families of those killed in the conflict.

The UCBPRP also includes a component whereby the youth from economically and
chronically poor segments of the society are provided scholarships for receiving
training in vocational skills.

Under this component of the programme, 29,547 participants have been trained in
different trades. After being trained, many of them have opened up motor
rewinding workshops, refrigerator and mobile repairing shops, beauty parlours,
etc.

The Craft Enterprise initiative is for capacity-building of the skilled people
of the area, development of their products and designing marketing strategies to
enable these marginalised craftswomen to have access to local, national and
international markets.

Orders of up to Rs 133,409 were placed last month for different products
manufactured by the craftswomen of the Kandhkot, Shikarpur and Khairpur
districts.

The poorest of the poor, including widows and people living with chronic
disabilities, are provided grants to purchase livestock or anything that could
help them generate income on a regular basis.

It has helped so many people to step out of the shadows. The Income-Generating
Grant has been given to 5,640 members.

The most effective, powerful and result-oriented intervention of this project is
setting up of a village-based revolving fund at the community level. This fund,
the CIF, provides interest-free loans to the members of the COs for investment.

This fund has a very encouraging impact on the lives of the common people and
has saved them money that they used to pay as huge interests for their
agricultural inputs and other things. Almost 75,000 women have benefited from
this fund. It is organised by their COs.

The VOs are to be given schemes of sanitation and drinking water supply as
grants. Shelter support is being provided in terms of low-cost houses to the
extremely poor households who live in thatched huts and require shelter. Some
5,284 low-cost houses have been initiated, whereas 4,161 houses constructed.

After the 2010 flood, the regular interventions of the UCBPRP were temporarily
suspended, and with the support of the provincial government, relief and
rehabilitation work was started with special focus on providing shelter to the
flood survivors. Construction of over 6,000 houses has been completed in
different areas of the province's three districts.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              July 23, 1999, FINAL

An Expensive Economic Gimmick Based on Buzzwords: The Glen Clark government's
latest 'strategy' is a new ministry laid out in a wafer-thin policy paper jammed
with jargon.

BYLINE: Vaughn Palmer

SECTION: Editorial; A18

LENGTH: 753 words

DATELINE: VICTORIA


VICTORIA - The Glen Clark government's latest economic gimmick will be an
expensive foray into cooperatives, community development corporations and other
locally based job-creation projects, according to a confidential policy paper
distributed by the cabinet policy and communications secretariat.

The wafer-thin three-page strategy paper appears to be the sole underpinning for
the new ministry of community development, cooperatives and volunteers, headed
by Jan Pullinger. By all indications it was a last-minute addition to
Wednesday's cabinet shuffle, arriving on the agenda so late that the official
description put out by the premier's office garbled the name as: ''Community
development and volunteer cooperatives.''

Or that may simply be one of the risks of assembling government ministries from
favoured buzzwords. I'm still having trouble remembering the precise combination
for Moe Sihota's new ministry. Was it socialist economics and secure developers?
Developing Communists and national security? No, social development and economic
security.

The New Democrats spared no jargon in putting together their ''Community
Economic Development Strategy,'' from which the new ministry derives. The paper
on the strategy brims over with references to ''initiatives to support community
driven economic strategies,'' and ''providing access to diversify economies.''

My favourite passage is a stirring call for a ''pro-active, high-profile,
community adjustment program to revitalize rural, resource-based or urban
communities going through profound social and economic adjustment.''

On and on it babbles for three pages, as if economic development consisted of
nothing more than a ready supply of good intentions. Plus a communications
strategy. This being the Glen Clark government, there would have to be one of
those.

The strategy paper calls for a ''communication program that demonstrates
government's commitments to support community economic development.'' That
doesn't say much but, given the way the New Democrats throw money around, I
figure it will take them a minimum of $1 million to say it.

The pitch, to judge from the remainder of the paper, will rely heavily on the
notion that community development involves a so-called ''third sector'' of the
provincial economy, a part that is neither government nor private enterprise.

Nevertheless, one doesn't have to look very deeply into the government's
strategy to discover that the third sector will require a great deal of propping
up from the first, namely government.

The New Democrats speak of ''developing funding sources'' for community
initiatives. Also of ''establishing private-public partnerships.'' Plus there
would be ''community development bonds.''

But the only specifics mentioned in the strategy paper would all require a
financial helping hand from the government. ''Tax measures'' is one possibility.
''Grants'' from the provincial government is another. ''Gaming revenues,''
collected by the province, is a third. Plus the paper says the province should
be prepared to give away forest licences, fishing rights and Crown land to
support community development projects.

But the biggest underwriting would be in the realm of debt financing. Those
community bonds don't sound half as innovative when you realize that, according
to the New Democrats, they would have to be ''guaranteed by the B.C.
government.''

And up goes the provincial debt.

The whole thing reminds me of another money-losing Glen Clark innovation, the
community bank on Vancouver's Downtown Eastside. He wanted to provide an outlet
where the city's unfortunates could do their banking. He promised it would be
self- supporting. Instead, the thing has racked up $3 million in losses and it
remains afloat only thanks to a $10-million deposit from the provincial agency
that was set up to encourage innovation in the forest industry.

Likewise the community development projects would be skewed toward groups that
the New Democrats have designated for affirmative action: Female entrepreneurs,
first nations, the disabled and folks on welfare. Moreover, the government
strategy paper suggests that taxpayers will be investing in a lot of those
projects.

The target is 200 projects in the first two years, meaning that even if the
budget were held to a modest $500,000 apiece, the New Democrats could run
through $100 million faster than you can say ''let 200 more Glendoggles bloom!''

vpalmer@direct.ca


LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $14 Million in Awards for Affordable Housing

LENGTH: 1476  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced 37 awards, totaling $14 million, to
rehabilitate and construct low- and moderate-income housing in every region
across the state. The competitive awards are made to local municipalities and
not-for-profit organizations to help revitalize communities and drive local
economic activity.

"Every New Yorker deserves a home that is safe and affordable, and today we are
funding projects across the state that will help to make that a reality,"
Governor Cuomo said. "With this round of funding, we have invested more than $1
billion, moving the Empire State closer our goal of ensuring that every New
Yorker can find a place to call home. Our administration will continue to work
alongside local governments and non-profit agencies to support affordable
housing alternatives in every corner of the state."

The awards assist in the costs of home improvements, the rehabilitation of
existing housing, and the new construction of homes for first-time homebuyers,
and are provided through the Affordable Housing Corporation (AHC). AHC, which is
part of New York State Homes and Community Renewal (HCR), supports homeownership
opportunities for low- and moderate-income families by providing grants to
municipalities and not-for-profit organizations.

The awards also leverage additional public resources to maximize the community
development opportunities. Some of the other subsidies include funds from the
following programs: Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) program, RESTORE
(Residential Emergency Services to Offer Repairs to the Elderly), local HOME
funds, Urban Initiative funds, and Weatherization funds.

The State's homeownership investments in this round of AHC awards include:

Capital Region

$330,000 to the Town of Saratoga for the home improvement of approximately 12
affordable units in the Town of Saratoga (Saratoga County).

$310,000 to the Village of South Glens Falls (Saratoga County) for the
rehabilitation of 12 affordable units.

$325,000 to the Village of Scotia (Schenectady County) for the rehabilitation of
12 affordable units.

$330,000 to the Village of Argyle (Washington County) for the rehabilitation of
12 affordable units.

$330,000 to the Village of Greenwich (Washington County) for the rehabilitation
of 12 affordable units.

Mohawk Valley

$462,000 to Utica Neighborhood Housing Services, Inc. for the rehabilitation of
14 affordable units in the City of Utica (Oneida County).

$288,000 to the Village of Canajoharie (Montgomery County) for the
rehabilitation of 11 affordable units.

$335,000 to Otsego Rural Housing Assistance, Inc. for the home improvement of
approximately 24 affordable units in Otsego County.

Central New York

$375,000 to Cortland Housing Assistance Council, Inc. for the acquisition and
rehabilitation of approximately 15 affordable units in Cortland County.

$280,000 to the City of Cortland for the acquisition and rehabilitation of
approximately eight units located in the City of Cortland (Cortland County).

$188,658 to the City of Fulton (Oswego County) for the rehabilitation of 15
affordable units.

$400,000 to the City of Oswego for the home improvement of approximately 18
affordable units (Oswego County).

Finger Lakes

$315,000 to Greater Rochester Housing Partnership for the new construction of
nine single-family homes for first-time homebuyers within the City of Rochester
(Monroe County).

$200,000 to North East Area Development, Inc. for the rehabilitation of 25
affordable units in the City of Rochester (Monroe County).

$625,000 to Greater Rochester Housing Partnership for the acquisition and
rehabilitation of approximately 25 affordable units in the City of Rochester
(Monroe County).

Western New York

$250,000 to Southtowns Rural Preservation Company for rehabilitation of 25
affordable units in Erie County.

$300,000 to Lackawanna Housing Development Corporation for rehabilitation of 33
affordable units in City of Lackawanna (Erie County).

$450,000 to the Town of Cheektowaga (Erie County) for the rehabilitation of 30
affordable units.

$400,000 to West Side Neighborhood Housing Services, Inc. for the rehabilitation
of 15 affordable units in the City of Buffalo (Erie County).

Southern Tier

$300,000 to Better Housing for Tompkins County for the rehabilitation of 24
affordable units.

$300,000 to Arbor Housing and Development (formerly known as Steuben
Churchpeople Against Poverty, Inc.) for the rehabilitation of 30 affordable
units in Steuben County.

$300,000 to Near Westside Neighborhood Association, Inc. for the rehabilitation
of 20 affordable units in the City of Elmira (Chemung County).

$180,000 to Tioga Opportunities for the home improvement of approximately 18
affordable units in Tioga County.

Mid-Hudson

$200,000 to Putnam County Housing Corporation for the rehabilitation of 10
affordable units.

$80,000 to Housing Action Council for the new construction of a two-family home
to be located at 184 Farragut Avenue in the Village of Hastings-on-Hudson
(Westchester County).

$350,000 to the Rural Ulster Preservation Company for the acquisition and
rehabilitation of approximately 15 affordable units in Ulster County.

$300,000 to the Center for Urban Rehabilitation & Empowerment for the home
improvement of approximately 12 units in Westchester County.

Long Island

$640,000 to Community Housing Innovations, Inc. for the acquisition and
rehabilitation of 16 affordable units on scattered sites in Nassau and Suffolk
Counties.

$1 million to Community Development Corporation of Long Island, Inc. for the
rehabilitation of 60 affordable units on scattered sites in in Nassau and
Suffolk Counties.

$200,000 to the Town of Hempstead for the new construction of five two-story
homes to be located within Inwood (Nassau County).

$727,500 to the Long Island Housing Development Fund Company for the home
improvement of approximately 20 affordable homes on scattered sites in Nassau
and Suffolk Counties.

New York City

$1.26 million to the Housing Partnership Development Corporation for the new
construction of 36 affordable condominium units in the Borough of Brooklyn
(Kings County).

$705,000 to the Housing Partnership Development Corporation for the new
construction of 21 affordable homes in the Borough of Brooklyn (Kings County).

Western New York, Central New York, Southern Tier, Finger Lakes

$600,000 to Bishop Sheen Ecumenical Housing Foundation for the rehabilitation of
100 affordable units on scattered sites in Allegany, Cayuga, Chemung,
Livingston, Monroe, Ontario, Schuyler, Seneca, Tioga, Tompkins, Wayne, and Yates
counties.

Western New York and Finger Lakes

$500,000 to NeighborWorks Home Resources for the home improvement of
approximately 30 affordable homes on scattered sites in Cattaraugus, Erie and
Wyoming Counties.

North Country

$273,000 to North Country Affordable Housing, Inc. for the rehabilitation of 13
affordable units located in Jefferson County.

$350,000 to the Neighbors of Watertown for the Jefferson County 1st Time
Homebuyer Assistance Program for the acquisition and rehabilitation of
approximately 10 affordable homes in Jefferson County.

Darryl C. Towns, Commissioner/CEO of HCR said, "These projects are priorities
for the regional governments and not-for-profits, partners with the state that
have a core understanding and appreciation of the specific needs of communities
and neighborhoods. Some of these not-for-profits have been working closely with
residents for more than 40 years and know intimately what it's going to take to
preserve homeownership and revitalize communities. Thanks to the Governor's
leadership, these awards will go a long way to help hundreds of New Yorkers make
their communities stronger."

New York State Homes and Community Renewal (HCR) consists of all the State's
major housing and community renewal agencies, including the Affordable Housing
Corporation, the Division of Housing and Community Renewal, the Housing Finance
Agency, State of New York Mortgage Agency, Housing Trust Fund Corporation and
others.

HCR is in the second year of the $1 billion House New York program, which is
creating thousands of new units over five years, and is the largest investment
in affordable housing in at least 15 years. House New York will also preserve
thousands of Mitchell-Lama units, extending affordability for 40 years. The
initiative builds on the successes of unprecedented efforts to protect more than
two million rent-regulated tenants, with the greatest strengthening of the
state's rent laws in 30 years, and the creation of the Tenant Protection Unit
which proactively audits and investigates landlord wrongdoing.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              June 10, 2012 Sunday

Government Calendar Lancaster City Council Lancaster County Planning Lancaster
Township Supervisors Manheim Twp. Planning Manor Twp. Planning Strasburg Borough
Council;
Conestoga Valley School District

BYLINE: Government Calendar

SECTION: D; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 710  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Conestoga Valley School District Board of Directors will meet at 7 p.m.
Monday, June 11, at the administration center, 2110 Horseshoe Road. Among the
agenda items:

Approval of superintendent's report (involves personnel recommendations).

Report from High School Block Scheduling Committee.

Update on 1:1 technology initiative/implementation.

Policy review: publications and public attendance at school events.

Discussion of 2012-13 rental rates for district facilities.

Lancaster City Council will meet at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, June 12, in council
chambers at Southern Market Center, 100 S. Queen St. Among the agenda items:

Application for improvements to property within the historic district: Ursula
Argyropoulos,130 E. Vine St., requests installation of wooden window boxes.

Administration bill to change zoning classification of 302 Harrisburg Ave., 1061
and 1065 Dillerville Road from central manufacturing to mixed use.

Administration bill to modify the city construction code.

Council resolution recognizing June as Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender
Pride Month.

The Lancaster County Planning Commission will meet at 3 p.m. Monday, June 11, at
150 N. Queen St., Binns Park Annex. Among the agenda items:

Presentation: University of Pennsylvania Planning and Design Studio.

Community planning reviews: West Hempfield Township, proposed rezoning of about
37.4 acres on the south side of Marietta Pike and west side of High Ridge Road
from rural agricultural to residential and four properties totaling about 18.8
acres at 4304, 4308, 4318 and 4324 Marietta Ave. from rural agriculture to
residential; and Lititz, proposed Community Development Block Grant funding for
the Forney Drive Neighborhood Improvement Project Phase II.

Subdivision and land development plans: (approvals) Elam E. and Katie L. King,
Colerain and Bart townships, and 475 Spring Run Road, Conestoga Township;
(advisory review) Lititz Land Trust Properties, Warwick Township and Lititz
Borough, and Hawthorne Gardens, clubhouse and pump station, Lancaster Township.

Next meeting: June 25.

The Lancater Township Supervisors will meet Monday, June 11, at Thaddeus Stevens
College of Technology, 740 E. King St.

Among the items on the 6 p.m. workshop agenda: planning and zoning; new fire
facility; Atkins Avenue evaluation; waste-hauling contract extension; and state
MS4 (municipal separate storm sewer systems) annual report.

Included on the regular meeting agenda at 7 p.m.: secretary, treasurer and
department reports; repeal relating to township code regarding swimming pools;
Heritage Terrace lot add-on; Lancaster Country Day School - street, curb and
sidewalk modifications; 1431 Center Road, request for loop driveway; and
resolution regarding standards for municipal pension systems.

Next meeting: July 9.

The Manheim Township Planning Commission will meet at noon Wednesday, June 13,
at the township building, 1840 Municipal Drive. Among the agenda items:

Belmont, conditional-use request, planned commercial development I, Fruitville
Pike.

Preliminary/final land development plans: 122 Fordney Road and St. John Neumann
Church, Blessed John XXIII Religious Education Center, 601 Delp Road.

Acknowledgements: 2036 Lititz Pike and 201 Golf Drive, building demolition.

The Manor Township Planning Commission will meet at 7:30 p.m. Monday, June 11,
at the municipal building, 950 W. Fairway Drive. Among the agenda items:

Rezoning for Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority: request to
rezone two parcels of land.

Rezoning petition for Steven A. Funk: request to rezone a tract of land totaling
about 10.6 acres at 65 Penn St., Washington Boro, from agricultural to village
to develop property with a 15-x-20-foot shed for the purpose of selling ice
cream products.

Discussion item, Wal-Mart property and surrounding area.

The Strasburg Borough Council will meet at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, June 12, at the
municipal building, 145 Precision Ave., Strasburg. Among the agenda items:

Historic Architectural Review Board Certificates of Appropriateness, 56 E. Main
St., 212 Miller St.,112 W. Main St., and 213 Miller St.

Property Maintenance Ordinance, appointment of committee.

New business: Open Container Ordinance; Heritage Byways Resolution,
consideration and possible adoption; and award paving bid.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

MEC urges women to use land to farm wisely

BYLINE: Sikho Ntshobane

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 451 words


By
 Mthatha Bureau
 RURAL development and agrarian reform MEC Zoleka Capa has urged Transkei women
from rural areas to use the vast tracts of land available in their communities
to farm.


 "Stand up and become self-sufficient," urged the MEC.
 "There is land in our schools, land in our homes and in our churches. Let's use
it."
 Capa was speaking at the opening of a Women in Socio-Economic Development
summit hosted by King Sabata Dalindyebo (KSD) municipality at the Nelson Mandela
Academic Hospital in Mthatha yesterday.
 The three-day summit will see scores of women in the municipal area engaging
with government on issues affecting them.
 The participants will also get a chance to interact with the private sector to
learn more about the business world including how to source funding to start
their own small business ventures.
 Capa said many women were working under severe and stressful conditions as farm
workers around the Eastern Cape.
 "They [women] are everywhere. They are in Magwa and Majola [both Tea Estates in
the Transkei].
 "The funny thing is that not even a cent of the profits from these institutions
ever goes towards community development. As such, there is a glaring gap in
agriculture and we want women to take the lead now," she added.
 The summit was first launched by KSD last year and the initiative has
reportedly given rise to a lot of co-operatives run by women and young people.
 Lungi Mphathi from Amele Recycling Project in Ncambedlana near Mthatha praised
the summit saying poverty was the biggest challenge facing women in the area.
 "We need to encourage each other as women to stop this dependency-syndrome. We
are able to do things ourselves and cannot always rely on governments grants for
our livelihoods," she said.
 Nonkoliso Ngqongwa, KSD's executive mayor, said the event was aimed at looking
at ways in which government could help empower women both in rural and urban
areas of KSD.
 "Women play a big role in our society and communities. We want to ensure that
they also play an important role in economic development," she said.
 "Unfortunately most women do not have access to information and this summit
serves as a platform and springboard towards their emancipation."

 "We believe if you empower them then you empower the whole society," she added
Ngqongwa.
 The mayor also argued that women were treated like second rate citizens as they
lacked the self-confidence to seize economic opportunities available to better
themselves.
 She said many were victims of gender-based violence as they were still
financially-dependent on other people.
 "This means we as government need to double our efforts to empower them
economically." - sikhon@dispatch.co.za

 ZOLEKA CAPA

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                             August 22, 2011 Monday

Don't Sell to Briefcase Traders, South Ps Urges Farmers

LENGTH: 754  words


SOUTHERN Province permanent secretary Gladys Kristafor has urged small-scale
farmers not to sell their maize to briefcase traders who will exploit them by
buying the crop at lower prices.

Mrs Kristafor said that the Government had put in place various centres for
purchases of maize by the Food Reserve Agency (FRA) hence farmers should wait
for FRA to buy their crop.

In the same vein, Mrs Kristafor urged small-scale farmers to maintain food
security in their families. She said this on Saturday in Chief Moomba's chiefdom
in a speech read for her by Kazungula district commissioner Albert Chifita
during the 2011 Kazanga Makonda traditional ceremony of the Nkoya people of
Kazungula district and the 40th anniversary of Chief Moomba's reign.

The significance of the Kazanga Makonda traditional ceremony is to thank God for
His guidance, provision and protection.

The ceremony is an occasion when Nkoya people come together tocelebrate the
harvest through feasting and cultural dancing as wellas, to pray for God's
blessings for the new farming season.

Mrs Kristafor said the Government was serious about the food security of the
local people hence it was assisting farmers through the Farmer Input Support
Programme (FISP).

She also said through the Ministry of Community Development and social welfare
the Government had put up policies aimed at alleviating the suffering of the
people in rural areas.

"In Kazungula for instance, the Government has introduced the social cash
transfer project to the viable but vulnerable people in which they receive money
monthly The Government has also put policies in place to empower citizens such
as the Citizens Economic Empowerment Commission (CEEC) and the women empowerment
initiatives.

In this regard, grants to various women clubs amounting to K92, 436, 000 have
been given in Kazungula district. Mrs Kristafor said traditional ceremonies such
as the Kazanga Makonda Nkoya ceremony were a great opportunity for subjects as
well as leadership, tourists and other visitors to interact with the chiefs and
learn from the wise counsel of the traditional leaders.

On this year's elections, Mrs Kristafor urged politicians to campaign peacefully
saying the country should not entertain violence because Zambia was known for
being peaceful.

She also said the Government had prioritised all sectors of the national economy
in the Sixth National Development Plan (SNDP).

Apart from usual construction and rehabilitation of schools, the Government is
constructing a high school in Kazungula and works are progressing well.

The Government has prioritised Kazungula district as it is a gateway to
international destinations and as such, construction of a permanent bridge to
link Zambia, Botswana and Namibia at the border is underway.

"Feasibility studies for the designs of the bridge have already been completed.
The construction of the bridge which will house a railway line and a road is
expected to start soon.

Once completed, the bridge will no doubt improve the transport sector and create
wealth to local people here in Kazungula," Mrs Kristafor said.

At the same function, Kazanga Makonda traditional ceremony chairperson Voster
Nalishuwa appreciated the various developments which the Government had
undertaken in Chief Moomba's chiefdom.

Reverend Nalishuwa said the chiefdom recorded a bumper harvest last year because
of the FISP which the Government implemented in the area.

"The Government has followed our bumper harvest with a satellite depot which we
believe will mature into a major depot in this area in future.

We appreciate the liberty which the Government has rendered to us such as the
building of more temporary houses for school teachers and the extension of the
clinic," he said.

Rev Nalishuwa however said the poor road network linking the chiefdom had
greatly contributed to poor marketing of local products and asked the Government
to upgrade the roads.

"The chiefdom has suffered due to lack of Government workers in vital
departments such as at the clinic which is run by a male nurse and there are no
midwives.

The telephone network in chief Moomba's chiefdom is poor while there is a
general lack of safe water. We are suggesting that the Government constructs a
dam in the area," he said.

And Chief Moomba, who has been ruling for 40 years, said there was need for the
country to hold peaceful elections this year. "God should provide Zambia with
genuine leaders who will take the country forward and we want peace and not war
during this year's elections," prayed Chief Moomba.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

Grants help public safety

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 254  words


Luis Narvaez

luis.narvaez@dailymercury.com.au

THEY say practice makes perfect.

In an emergency, a rescue crew's preparation can be the difference between life
and death.

Thanks to two grants, RACQ-CQ Rescue now has a static winch training simulator
that will save money and better prepare emergency rescuers.

Yesterday the service unveiled the winch simulator at their Mackay base, the
first of its kind in Queensland.

A significant grant, more than $50,000, from The John Villiers Trust and the
Hail Creek Mine Community Development Fund ensured the Mackay-based rescue
service would have the state-of-the-art simulator.

RACQ-CQ Rescue CEO Martin Cleland said the simulator would save time and money
in training, with more resources allocated to rescue services.

"The capability of our flight crew is vital in any emergency and maintaining
training competencies is critical to our operation," he said.

"The static winch training platform will strengthen the skills and capabilities
of the rescue team so they are even better prepared to provide help in time of
need."

Mr Cleland said the simulator had the potential to save thousands of dollars in
training costs by reducing the need to launch the helicopter for training
purposes.

As a not-for-profit organisation, operating the rescue service relies on
financial support from corporate donors and sponsors, workplace initiatives,
community contributions and grant funding, Mr Cleland said.

RACQ-CQ Rescue crew are required to conduct more than 50 hours of winch training
each year.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                 UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Bradford

                               November 14, 2003

Outdoors could be even greater

BYLINE: Clive White (clive.white@bradford.newsquest.co.uk)

LENGTH: 355 words


A council is carrying out a review of all its open spaces in a bid to improve
opportunities for outdoor recreation.

Craven District Council is collating information about all its sports pitches
allotments village greens and sites of special interest to build up a picture of
the quality of its facilities.

It is also planning to set up an indoor-facilities strategy to improve the
opportunity for indoor sports.

Spearheading the task is Bruce Dinsmore Craven's sports development officer who
said: "We know the quantity of the sites we have but we need to know the
quality. A village may have a wonderful village green but nothing there for the
community to enjoy.

"We are to work with the community to identify our weaknesses and where it is
appropriate make improvements."

One area was the development of mini-soccer pitches of which Craven has none he
said.

The initiative has been launched despite more than £5 million being spent in
Craven on improving sports facilities this year - about £100 per head of the 53
000 population.

Topping the list is the £3.9 million spent on the new Aireville swimming pool
which was opened in the summer in Aireville Park Skipton.

Another £835 000 is being spent on a new artificial turf football pitch at the
Sandylands sports centre in Skipton due to be completed in the new year.

A new clubhouse at Glusburn cricket club has received £220 000 and £67 500 has
been pumped into a multi-use games area at Sutton as well as £40 000 on a games
area on Skipton's Greatwood estate.

Craven has provided more than £2 million towards the projects the rest coming in
grants from Sport England the Football Foundation and businesses including
Skipton Build-ing Society.

Jonathan Kerr Craven's head of economic and community development said that the
investment has been a direct result of establishing the Craven sports and
recreation strategy.

"This is a phenomenal ach-ievement for a small rural district " he said.

"Craven has now the highest ratio of sports lottery-fund money per head of
population in the whole of Yorkshire " he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2003 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Time

                              July 25, 2014 Friday
                                 Ararat Edition

Jailhouse Rock Festival - $10,000: This event is currently

SECTION: PAGE TWO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 861 words


Jailhouse Rock Festival - $10,000: This event is currently seen as the major
event in Ararat. It provides economic benefit on an annual basis. The festival
attracts visitation from outside the region with an average two night stay
annually.

Lake Bolac Eel Festival - $2,500: Discussions are taking place for this event to
take place on a biennial basis to reduce the burden on volunteer event managers.
This event will require additional support from Council to assist the committee.

Ararat and Willaura Cups - $4,000 ($2,000 each event): This allocation already
exists in the budget and is intended to support both Ararat and Willaura Cup
racing days. These events appear to be delivering a significant economic benefit
to Ararat Rural City.

Willaura Farm to Pub - $2,500: This event complements the Ararat Active City
offering. It has a new committee which is interested in increasing
participation. This is an event that can be improved to attract overnight
visitation.

Carols by Candlelight - $5,000: This will provide fireworks for the event on an
annual basis.

New event development - $10,000: Research is underway to identify appropriate
new events which will complement Ararat Rural City Council's existing event
offering. This will assist in further developing events which will provide
positive economic impact.

Markets - $10,000 ($2,000 each): There are existing markets in Pomonal, Moyston,
Willaura, Elmhurst and Ararat. These grants will continue to support the events
to improve their impact and sustainability.

Ararat Active City festival/events - $ 20,000: This is a proposed new festival
to be held annually incorporating existing and new cycling, running and other
events promoting increased physical activity which also utilize active
infrastructure including walking paths. Ararat Active City Festival will promote
the benefits of an Active Lifestyle, Community, Economy and Environment to
people living in and visiting Ararat Rural City.

Ararat Active community initiatives - $ 6,000: This item will be available to
community group or committees who would like support and assistance to run their
own event which strives to promote physical activity and wellbeing in the Ararat
Rural City municipality.

Other events - $10,000 (maximum $500 per event): This area will support existing
and new events to continue to provide positive community benefit to people
living in the Ararat Rural City municipality.

Insurance for events - $15,000: A number of small community run events are held
within the municipality. This financial support is to assist groups to purchase
insurance for the event.

For the Community Support Grants Program, the total annual budget is $90,000,
with $30,000 to be allocated three times each year.

Assessment will be carried out by a cross council assessment team and
recommendations for grant allocations will be made to council at the July,
November and March meetings.

Successful applicants will be invited to attend one of three annual cheque
presentations ceremonies.

Community Support Grants will be categorised under Council's four pillars:
Infrastructure (Environment), Economy, Community and Lifestyle.

Up to $30,000 will be allocated per round as follows:

Infrastructure (Environment): Includes buildings, facilities, equipment and
environmentally sustainable infrastructure projects - $20,000 per round ($60,000
per annum).

Economy: Includes activities which have an economic benefit to Ararat Rural
City, (excludes tourism/events), for example digital connectivity and growth
planning, land and transport - $2,500 per round ($7,500 per annum).

Community: Includes community development, health and wellbeing, sport and
recreation, community safety - $5,000 per round ($15,000 per annum).

Lifestyle: Includes heritage/historical projects, arts and culture, regional
living and multiculturalism - $2,500 per round ($7,500 per annum).

Applicants for the Community Support Grant will only be required to provide
matching 1:1 money in the Infrastructure (Environment) category and an acquittal
process will still need to be followed.

The remaining categories will not require matching funds, but recipients will
need to provide a full project report and well as financial evidence of their
project. The Economy, Community and Lifestyle one-off grants are available up to
a maximum of $1,000.

The annual budget for the Sponsorship Program will be $10,000 and will be
available for a maximum of $500.

Community groups must apply in writing to Council addressed to the chief
executive officer. A report will be presented to Council and individual
decisions based on Council's level of support for the proposed project or
fundraising effort will be made.

This program acknowledges that from time to time community groups seek
sponsorship support from Council both for in-kind activity such as the hiring of
the Performing Arts Centre and for cash contributions to fund raising
activities. This program enables Council to decide to assist a group as they
deem appropriate.

No activity in any of the grant programs will be funded retrospectively and any
activity that has commenced or is already completed will not be eligible for
financial support.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Time

                              July 25, 2014 Friday
                                 Ararat Edition

Jailhouse Rock Festival - $10,000: This event is currently

SECTION: PAGE TWO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 861 words


Jailhouse Rock Festival - $10,000: This event is currently seen as the major
event in Ararat. It provides economic benefit on an annual basis. The festival
attracts visitation from outside the region with an average two night stay
annually.

Lake Bolac Eel Festival - $2,500: Discussions are taking place for this event to
take place on a biennial basis to reduce the burden on volunteer event managers.
This event will require additional support from Council to assist the committee.

Ararat and Willaura Cups - $4,000 ($2,000 each event): This allocation already
exists in the budget and is intended to support both Ararat and Willaura Cup
racing days. These events appear to be delivering a significant economic benefit
to Ararat Rural City.

Willaura Farm to Pub - $2,500: This event complements the Ararat Active City
offering. It has a new committee which is interested in increasing
participation. This is an event that can be improved to attract overnight
visitation.

Carols by Candlelight - $5,000: This will provide fireworks for the event on an
annual basis.

New event development - $10,000: Research is underway to identify appropriate
new events which will complement Ararat Rural City Council's existing event
offering. This will assist in further developing events which will provide
positive economic impact.

Markets - $10,000 ($2,000 each): There are existing markets in Pomonal, Moyston,
Willaura, Elmhurst and Ararat. These grants will continue to support the events
to improve their impact and sustainability.

Ararat Active City festival/events - $ 20,000: This is a proposed new festival
to be held annually incorporating existing and new cycling, running and other
events promoting increased physical activity which also utilize active
infrastructure including walking paths. Ararat Active City Festival will promote
the benefits of an Active Lifestyle, Community, Economy and Environment to
people living in and visiting Ararat Rural City.

Ararat Active community initiatives - $ 6,000: This item will be available to
community group or committees who would like support and assistance to run their
own event which strives to promote physical activity and wellbeing in the Ararat
Rural City municipality.

Other events - $10,000 (maximum $500 per event): This area will support existing
and new events to continue to provide positive community benefit to people
living in the Ararat Rural City municipality.

Insurance for events - $15,000: A number of small community run events are held
within the municipality. This financial support is to assist groups to purchase
insurance for the event.

For the Community Support Grants Program, the total annual budget is $90,000,
with $30,000 to be allocated three times each year.

Assessment will be carried out by a cross council assessment team and
recommendations for grant allocations will be made to council at the July,
November and March meetings.

Successful applicants will be invited to attend one of three annual cheque
presentations ceremonies.

Community Support Grants will be categorised under Council's four pillars:
Infrastructure (Environment), Economy, Community and Lifestyle.

Up to $30,000 will be allocated per round as follows:

Infrastructure (Environment): Includes buildings, facilities, equipment and
environmentally sustainable infrastructure projects - $20,000 per round ($60,000
per annum).

Economy: Includes activities which have an economic benefit to Ararat Rural
City, (excludes tourism/events), for example digital connectivity and growth
planning, land and transport - $2,500 per round ($7,500 per annum).

Community: Includes community development, health and wellbeing, sport and
recreation, community safety - $5,000 per round ($15,000 per annum).

Lifestyle: Includes heritage/historical projects, arts and culture, regional
living and multiculturalism - $2,500 per round ($7,500 per annum).

Applicants for the Community Support Grant will only be required to provide
matching 1:1 money in the Infrastructure (Environment) category and an acquittal
process will still need to be followed.

The remaining categories will not require matching funds, but recipients will
need to provide a full project report and well as financial evidence of their
project. The Economy, Community and Lifestyle one-off grants are available up to
a maximum of $1,000.

The annual budget for the Sponsorship Program will be $10,000 and will be
available for a maximum of $500.

Community groups must apply in writing to Council addressed to the chief
executive officer. A report will be presented to Council and individual
decisions based on Council's level of support for the proposed project or
fundraising effort will be made.

This program acknowledges that from time to time community groups seek
sponsorship support from Council both for in-kind activity such as the hiring of
the Performing Arts Centre and for cash contributions to fund raising
activities. This program enables Council to decide to assist a group as they
deem appropriate.

No activity in any of the grant programs will be funded retrospectively and any
activity that has commenced or is already completed will not be eligible for
financial support.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            March 10, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hoping to satisfy hunger for grocery Public-private funding may fill Park Hill's
empty shelf

BYLINE: Colleen O'Connor The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 910 words


People in Park Hill who thought they'd be shopping in a neighborhood Sunflower
Farmers Market by now are still waiting.

But rather than hang tight for Sunflower to find the perfect location, some
neighborhood activists now are focused on a public-private partnership to bring
shopping to an area considered a Denver "food desert" because of its lack of
grocery stores.

A $500,000 Colorado Health Foundation grant to the Denver Department of
Environmental Health will be used to replicate the Pennsylvania Fresh Food
Financing Initiative, a program credited with using private-public funding to
create 78 new grocery stores in underserved communities.

North Park Hill and Northeast Park Hill - the neighborhoods bounded by Quebec
Street on the east, Colorado Boulevard on the west, East 23rd Avenue on the
south and East 52nd Avenue on the north - had a King Soopers in Dahlia Square,
but that closed in the 1970s. There also was a Safeway in the neighborhood.

A year ago, after two years of intense lobbying by neighborhood groups,
Sunflower announced plans to open a store in or near North Park Hill. But the
local natural-foods store chain now says it has expanded its search for a
location to include central Denver.

So there are no grocers in the neighborhood, leaving its roughly 18,000
residents, 61 percent of whom are African-American, to travel crosstown to buy
food.

The local problem mirrors the national trend.

In the 1960s and 1970s, experts say, supermarkets began abandoning inner cities
because of dwindling populations and rising crime.

Two convenience stores

These days, North Park Hill may be one of the worst food deserts in Colorado. It
has two convenience stores. One is a market across from Holly Square, a shopping
center that was a gang hangout before it burned down in a battle between feuding
factions. The other is Fairfax Market, at the intersection of Fairfax Street and
East 28th Avenue, where people such as C. Logan buy dish soap, Crisco, soda and
Doritos and other items because they need something quick and don't have time to
catch a bus or two to shop at a grocery store with lower prices.

"We're hoping to be like Philadelphia," said Khanh Nguyen, senior program
officer for the Colorado Health Foundation, "to create a financing fund and
change policy barriers (in order to) entice grocery stores. It's really
exciting, and the timing is right, given the national focus."

Two weeks ago, the Obama administration announced a $400 million Healthy Food
Financing Initiative with a goal of eliminating food deserts in America in seven
years.

The money, included in the president's budget for 2011, will use a blend of
federal tax credits, below-market-rate loans, loan guarantees and grants to
attract private-sector money that is expected to more than double the $400
million.

The national plan also is modeled on the Pennsylvania program, which now is
being studied by the Institute of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health
as a national public-health model.

"Pennsylvania brought together the whole community, from retail folks to city
leaders, and had them work out what policies would create the environment to
start stores everywhere," said Stacey McConlogue, manager of the Denver Healthy
People 2010 program of the Denver Department of Environmental Health.

"Supermarket summit"

In September, about 45 people attended what she calls the first "Denver
supermarket summit."

People from Safeway, King Soopers, Wal-Mart and Target sat down with
representatives of the Denver Metro Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and the Rocky
Mountain Food Industry Association.

Members of the nonprofit Food Trust, which created the Pennsylvania program,
also attended the supermarket summit.

"It was a place for retailers to come hear from the Food Trust about what
they've done in other places, and to ask questions," said McConlogue.

Like Pennsylvania, Colorado started its process with a study of supermarkets
statewide.

The Food Trust and the University of Colorado did the research, which showed
Colorado ranked 37th for supermarket density per capita, and that food deserts
in urban and rural communities correlated with high numbers of diet-related
deaths.

Food deserts dot the landscape in rural and low-income areas from Lamar and
Holly on the Eastern Plains to Monte Vista and Del Norte in the San Luis Valley.

In Denver, food deserts exist in such low-income neighborhoods as Westwood,
Barnum, Villa Park, North Park Hill, Elyria Swansea, Cole, Five Points and
Montbello.

Focus first on Denver

Because of post-recession economic difficulties, the Colorado Health Foundation,
in partnership with the Food Trust, will first focus its efforts "on Denver, not
a statewide level," said Nguyen.

The new federal initiative includes the Treasury Department, which has supported
private-sector funding with financial assistance to community development
organizations.

One such project is the Super Giant that opened in 2008 in the distressed
Anacostia neighborhood in southeast Washington, D.C. That store is the first
full-service grocer there in about a decade and is reportedly one of the chain's
most successful locations.

This gives hope to people such as Greg Rasheed, executive director of Greater
Park Hill Community Inc.

"If you can open up in Anacostia, you can open something here," said Rasheed,
who grew up in Anacostia. "That's a bad, bad area, much more dangerous than
anything out here."

Colleen O'Connor: 303-954-1083

or coconnor@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                              July 13, 2009 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Forestry workers' program under debate; Transition program has been introduced
to assist workers aged 60 and up.

BYLINE: George T. Baker, The Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 447  words


The program designed to aid forestry workers through a transition from that
industry into new ones will accept applications from workers 60-and-older.

The provincial government's plan is a B.C.-wide $20 million initiative to help
forest workers whose primary occupation for at least the past two years has been
directly involved in the harvesting, hauling or primary manufacture of wood
fibre in British Columbia as an employee of a major licensee, contractor,
sub-contractor, a processor or as an independent owner/operator.

"So far, we have been able to assist more than 5,700 workers, their families and
communities through the Community Development Trust programs," said Bill
Bennett, Minister of Community and Rural Development. "This continuation of the
Transition Assistance program will assist those workers age 60 and older to
access new opportunities, while opening positions within the industry for junior
workers."

Those eligible have until August 31 to apply for the transition grant.

But Coons, the North Coast MLA, said that the age restriction of 60-and-over is
too limiting to be helpful to most workers on the North Coast and Haida Gwaii
who have struggled because of weakening lumber demand in the U.S.

He's calling for a younger age limit on the plan.

Coons said the decision to raise the minimum age for forest workers to access
transitional assistance from 55 to 60 will hurt those on the North Coast
especially on the Queen Charlotte Islands.

""Islanders are very concerned about these changes," said Coons. "Many people
have already been forced to leave their homes and families to seek work off
island. These changes will mean more hardship and instability for families and
communities."

Frank DeBartolo, who was the president of the Pulp, Paper and Woodworkers Union
of Canada Local 4 out at the Skeena pulp mill, said that the investment in older
workers is not necessarily an ageist thing, but would have liked to see the
money directed towards younger, entry-level workers instead.

"I don't believe in discrimination in terms of age group and I think this
program should be more broad-based to be able to get younger people trained,"
said DeBartolo. "This is what we need to do."

He said that forestry industry jobs are declining in Canada and log exports are
increasing and that has put the industry on shaky ground.

"I don't see where offering $35,000 to 60-and-over is going to create jobs
because even if you are working in a pulp mill or a saw mill at that age, at
least in my opinion, I don't think they are going to be hiring a younger
worker," said DeBartolo.

Instead DeBartolo said he saw it as a hand out or a political spin rather than
having real effect.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        February 11, 1995, CITY EDITION

Mitchell announces Pounds 89m aid for local development projects
8,000 is a realistic jobs target, says Minister

BYLINE: By FRANK McDONALD, Environment Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 366 words


AN Pounds 89 million EU and exchequer funded package of aid for local
development projects in did advantaged areas, both urban and rural, was
announced yesterday by Mr Gay Mitchell, Minister of State at the Taoiseach's
Department, who said 8,000 was a "realistic" jobs target.

At a press conference in Government Buildings, Mr Mitchell contrasted this
"major new initiative" with IDA sponsored investment in Ireland by multinational
companies. "If I had been here today announcing an IDA factory with 8,000 jobs
over five years, it would be mega news, he declared.

Because it involved development partnerships at local level, with the focus on
financing small enterprises employing one to five people each, there was less
media interest in the initiative. However, these would be "real jobs" which were
not dependent on the decisions of foreign companies.

"What we're doing is empowering communities at local level to identify
employment opportunities for themselves," the Minister said.  "The objective
will be to counter disadvantage, tackle unemployment and promote an enterprise
culture within the community, particularly among young people."

Altogether, the scheme will apply to 43 disadvantaged areas, as defined by an
interdepartmental committee on local development based on data from the Combat
Poverty Agency, the live register, the Department of Social Welfare's community
development programme and the Co Dublin Areas of Need (CODAN) report.

Mr Mitchell said the final figure overall was likely to be 34 companies, each
with its own chief executive and an office in the area.

On average, according to Mr Mitchell, the partnerships were likely to receive
Pounds 400,000 a year in grants from ADM (Area Development and Management) Ltd,
an independent intermediary company made up of state agencies, social partners
and representatives of the wider community sector.

The Minister made it clear that ADM would have to be satisfied with the plans
drawn up by the local partnerships before providing them with funds. But he said
this should not prove to be a problem because there would be sufficient
expertise available at local level, through FAS, for example.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1995 The Irish Times


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 16, 2011 Wednesday

USA: Officials Join Lt. Gov. Skillman to Celebrate North Vernon's "Stellar
Community"

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, March 16 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press
release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman joined officials from North Vernon and leaders from
Muscatatuck Urban Training Center this afternoon to celebrate the city's
selection as a Hoosier "Stellar Community".

Stellar Communities is a first of its kind collaboration initiated by Lt.
Governor Skillman between INDOT, the Office of Community and Rural Affairs
(OCRA), the Indiana Housing and Community Development Authority (IHCDA), and the
State Revolving Fund to help execute communities' strategic plans.

"The State of Indiana is only as strong as its individual communities," Lt.
Governor Skillman said. "North Vernon is on the verge of being a hub for the
defense industry, and Stellar Communities will go a long way in helping the city
achieve that goal."

North Vernon's Stellar Communities application will make the downtown area more
inviting for business and improve housing options in the city. The community
plans to:

* Redevelop a 3.5 acre Brownfield site, clearing the way for private investment

* Restore the Carnegie Library

* Renovate the Depot Events Center

* Install new sidewalks, curbs, landscaping, lighting, and signage on downtown
streetscapes

* Revitalize the Irish Hill neighborhood by improving streetscapes and creating
low- to moderate-income housing

* Close Short Street to create a pedestrian-friendly plaza space

* Develop Main Street for mixed commercial and residential use

The total proposed cost of all Greencastle's Stellar Community projects is
estimated at $16 million. The State of Indiana expects to contribute at least
$12 million to the projects over three years, including $6 million in grants
from INDOT; $1.5 million in grants from OCRA; and nearly $5 million in loans,
tax credits, or grants from IHCDA. The community will provide approximately $2.4
million in matching funds.

"Our region is not able to take full advantage of Muscatatuck without a vibrant
North Vernon," Mayor Harold "Soup" Campbell said. "Without Stellar Communities,
we would certainly lose out on millions of dollars of economic activity."

Funding for the initiatives comes from multiple existing federal funds. State
agencies will continue to offer grant programs to local units of government not
participating in Stellar Communities.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.c Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 15, 2011 Tuesday

USA: Officials Join Lt. Gov. Skillman to Celebrate North Vernon's "Stellar
Community"

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, March 15 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press
release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman joined officials from North Vernon and leaders from
Muscatatuck Urban Training Center this afternoon to celebrate the city's
selection as a Hoosier "Stellar Community".

Stellar Communities is a first of its kind collaboration initiated by Lt.
Governor Skillman between INDOT, the Office of Community and Rural Affairs
(OCRA), the Indiana Housing and Community Development Authority (IHCDA), and the
State Revolving Fund to help execute communities' strategic plans.

"The State of Indiana is only as strong as its individual communities," Lt.
Governor Skillman said. "North Vernon is on the verge of being a hub for the
defense industry, and Stellar Communities will go a long way in helping the city
achieve that goal."

North Vernon's Stellar Communities application will make the downtown area more
inviting for business and improve housing options in the city. The community
plans to:

* Redevelop a 3.5 acre Brownfield site, clearing the way for private investment

* Restore the Carnegie Library

* Renovate the Depot Events Center

* Install new sidewalks, curbs, landscaping, lighting, and signage on downtown
streetscapes

* Revitalize the Irish Hill neighborhood by improving streetscapes and creating
low- to moderate-income housing

* Close Short Street to create a pedestrian-friendly plaza space

* Develop Main Street for mixed commercial and residential use

The total proposed cost of all Greencastle's Stellar Community projects is
estimated at $16 million. The State of Indiana expects to contribute at least
$12 million to the projects over three years, including $6 million in grants
from INDOT; $1.5 million in grants from OCRA; and nearly $5 million in loans,
tax credits, or grants from IHCDA. The community will provide approximately $2.4
million in matching funds.

"Our region is not able to take full advantage of Muscatatuck without a vibrant
North Vernon," Mayor Harold "Soup" Campbell said. "Without Stellar Communities,
we would certainly lose out on millions of dollars of economic activity."

Funding for the initiatives comes from multiple existing federal funds. State
agencies will continue to offer grant programs to local units of government not
participating in Stellar Communities.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.c Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 7, 2008 Sunday

Broadband wanted in three rural Pennsylvania school district

BYLINE: Valerie Myers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 681 words


Dec. 7--Residents of three rural Erie County school districts are banding
together to get high-speed Internet service.

Northwestern, Union City and Wattsburg residents are petitioning local phone
companies for broadband in areas where Internet service is not up to speed.
They'll be knocking on neighbors' doors to get the numbers needed for mandatory
broadband, or high-speed, service. Pennsylvania Act 183 of 2004 requires certain
phone companies to provide the service in areas where at least 50 residents or
25 percent of residents -- whichever is lower -- request it.

The target communities aren't the only ones without broadband. Erie is one of
the few areas in northwest Pennsylvania with full broadband access.

"Girard, Fairview, Harborcreek -- as you go outside of the city, the access
level decreases rapidly," said Lacey Maze, assistant director of internal
operations for the Northwest Tri-County Intermediate Unit. The IU is helping to
coordinate the broadband campaign.

"We're starting with Union City, Wattsburg and Northwestern school districts
because interest there is high and access and average incomes are low."

Students use the Internet for research and online homework and test reviews.
Parents can check students' grades, cafeteria accounts and menus, and read
updates on district events.

"High-speed Internet today is like cable TV and cellular phones. It's a
must-have," Northwestern school Superintendent Pat Kelley said.

Union City Middle School sixth-grader Alexandria Gourley uses the Internet to
research school assignments.

Her dad, Dan Gourley, is a dairy farmer whose suppliers are moving farther
afield. He looks for machinery online. Mom Jennifer Gourley, who works in
accounting at Corry Rubber and Tire Corp., uses the Internet at home for work
and leisure.

The family tried to get broadband service eight years ago but had to settle for
dial-up.

"It's extremely frustrating," Jennifer Gourley said. "Pages take forever to
download."

Jennifer Gourley first heard about the new IU-supported broadband initiative in
her role as a Union City school director. Her family has already signed its
broadband petition.

"It will be wonderful if this flies," she said.

Areas with petitions from the required number of residents must be provided
broadband service within 365 days. But Jennifer Gourley worries that, with a
high concentration of Amish neighbors, there might not be enough petitioners in
her neighborhood.

Still, phone company customer service areas count phone customers only,
according to information the Gourleys have received.

Broadband information meetings in all three school districts in November
resulted in a spate of petitions for service to Verizon and Windstream.
Petitioners are beginning to receive maps from the phone companies detailing
their customer-service areas. The maps help petitioners determine how many more
petitions are needed to bring high-speed Internet service to their homes.

Union City Pride and the Northwest Pennsylvania Regional Planning and
Development Commission are backing the local broadband initiative. Northwest
Commission is funding the campaign with a $12,500 Pennsylvania Department of
Community and Economic Development grant and additionally serves as intermediary
between petitioners and phone companies.

The effort is part of Northwest Commission's regional development mission.

"It used to be that water, sewer, telephone and electricity were the basic
utilities. Now broadband is part of that," said W. Randy Rice, Northwest
Commission director of community development and planning. "You have to have it
to attract and retain residents and businesses."

VALERIE MYERS can be reached at 878-1913 or by e-mail.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081207-EI-BROADBAND-20081207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2008 Erie Times-News


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Health:

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 1336 words


Safety and Liaison:

 Social Development:

 Transport:
 Human Settlements:
 Economic Development, Environment Affairs and Tourism:
 Rural Development and Agrarian Reform:
 Roads and Public Works:

 Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs:
 Provincial Treasury:
 The Office of the Premier:
 Sports, Recreation, Arts and Culture:


  In a positive development, the health department's R22-billion allocation
includes R1.2-billion to buy a new fleet of 406 ambulances and there is also
money to improve emergency medical services.
 But there are other healthy signs. There is R1.4-billion to spend on
infrastructure of which R621-million must see health facilities being
revitalised.
 Spending on programmes to treat and combat HIV, Aids and tuberculosis get a
sizeable R2-billion, and training health professionals R227-million, tertiary
hospitals get R891-million, and R602-million goes on testing blood through the
National Health Laboratory Services.
 The province will spend a hefty R1.5-billion on medicine and drugs and
R759-million on medical supplies, which includes implants.
  Of the R5-billion it has been allocated, R3.89-million will be spent on
monitoring and evaluation of police performance and conduct, and assessing SAPS
provincial components. There is R31-million to spend on monitoring of 172 police
stations of which 72 police stations are to be evaluated by arriving
unannounced.
 The R2.6-billion allocated includes R42-million to appoint 151 social work
graduates who have been unemployed despite completing their government-sponsored
studies. The government has R181-million to provide homes for 2163 older persons
and 15 352 older persons who will be accessing community-based care and support
services. There is R36-million for frail care services.
 There are 10978 persons with disabilities who will benefit from R80-million to
be spent on getting access to community-based rehabilitation services and for
835 disabled people to attend funded protective workshops.
 Upskilling 1136 youths will cost R51-million and there is R32-million to
support 99 projects which empower women.
 The department has R38-million to strengthen the institutional capacity of 500
non-profit organisations (NPOs).
 The R1.8-billion allocated will include R482-million to subsidise rural bus
services - once extensive consultations with stakeholders are finalised. The
scholar transport project's R492-million budget must transport 72121 qualifying
pupils to the nearest public school, especially in rural areas. The department
has R300-million to spend on law enforcement and traffic control. Money is being
set aside for a weigh bridge and pound and traffic control centre at Middelburg.
Road rangers and car wash projects will receive R51-million as part of job
creation.
 The R2.6-billion allocation,largely from a conditional grant to this year, will
see construction of 11921 new housing units, installation of 7805 service
stands, and the rectification of 1465 housing units. Good news is 34234 title
deeds will be issued. There is R820-million to spend on rural interventions to
facilitate access to housing opportunities in rural areas, but the bulk of the
budget will be spent on developing and upgrading informal settlements and
provision of social and affordable rental housing.
 Of the R1-billion it has been allocated, boards get R304-million, broken down
to R196-million to fund the Eastern Cape Parks and Tourism Board, R53-million
for the Eastern Cape Gambling and Betting Board, and R55-million to the Eastern
Cape Liquor Board.
 The local and regional economic development (LRED) fund gets R23-million to
support co-operatives but the biggest allocation of R531-million will be spent
on the administration of sustainable economic developments and job creation.
 This department will get R2.2-billion this financial year. Last year it funded
cropping and livestock projects, and packaged processed maize for marketing at
retail stores such as Nicks Food Super Spar.
 An exciting prospect this year is the revitalisation of agricultural colleges,
which get a bite of the R248-million comprehensive agricultural support
programme grant (CASP) which will also be spent on crop production and crop and
livestock infrastructure.
 In a surprising turn, Treasury is not prepared to abandon Magwa and Majola
estates but is backing them with a R15-million "intervention" to "resuscitate"
tea production including the introduction green tea and retailed packed tea.
 The department will spend R506-million on food security by supporting crop and
livestock production.
 Commercialisation and transformation in rural areas will receive R64-million
and will fund the agricultural economic transformation strategy.
 Emerging farmers will receive R67-million through the Ilima-Letsema Projects
Grant for crop production inputs and mechanisation.
 The Tshabo rural enterprise development (RED) hub will be established with
R14.5-million taking to five the number of hubs set up by the Eastern Cape Rural
Development Agency.
 There is a R12-million Land Care Programme grant to create awareness of
sustainable use of natural resources and to reclaim or rehabilitate degraded
environments.
 Of the R5-billion allocated, R2.4-billion is earmarked for the intensification
of roads infrastructure delivery. Of this amount, R90-million is allocated for
fixing damaged roads and bridges.
 Public Works infrastructure gets R1.5-billion for construction, rehabilitation
and maintenance of government departments' accommodation, building maintenance
and paying rates and taxes.
 The department's Expanded Public Works Programme (EPWP) has R676-million to
spend on creating 49150 jobs, supporting four labour-intensive initiatives,
implementing five empowerment interventions, supporting 240 emerging
contractors, monitoring 11 household contractors' livelihood projects, and to
implement the EPWP. The greening of small towns programme will also benefit from
this money.
 The R1.2-billion allocation will be for electrification of housing hotspots
(R91-million); the appointment of 89 community development workers (CDWs) as
part of Operation Masiphathisane gets R14-million while provincial disaster
operations get R70-million and R1.5-million goes to construction of Traditional
Councils infrastructure.
 The department's R723-million includes drought relief intervention for the Joe
Gqabi municipality (R80-million), R31-million for the electrification of the
western side of King Sabatha Dalindyebo municipality; R20-million for a bypass
on the R63 to reduce traffic flow in central Mthatha, and R180-million for rural
access roads. There is R17-million for rural roads in Mbashe and R4.3-million in
Ntabankulu. The R25-million Chris Hani municipal water intervention is
rescheduled for this year.
 An amount of R858-million will be spent. This comprises revitalisation of small
towns (R137-million), which primarily support provision of electricity, water
and sanitation in Alice, Kirkwood, Libode, Ngqeleni, Mount Ayliff, Port St
Johns, Mount Fletcher, Ntabankulu and Mbizana.
 The innovative broadband initiative has R218-million to revamp the Bhisho
campus network, the provincial virtual private network and provincial broadband
generally.
 This will improve connectivity to corporate sites, and education and healthcare
institutions. The premier has R10-million to spend on Operation Masiphathisane,
mainly for establishment of War Rooms and for the branding and marketing of the
project.
 Of the R901-million budget, R245-million is available for the mass sports and
recreation participation programme mainly at schools. Of interest is R27-million
to be spent over three years on digitising library archives and refurbishing
libraries because, as Treasury notes, reading and learning assists with job
creation.
 R5-million is to be spent on the centenary celebrations in honour of Oliver
Tambo.
 This department also has an Extended Public Works Programme and will spend
R127-million to create 56415 job opportunities in various departments.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2017 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 14, 2011 Sunday

Bridge to somewhere: Eastern Arkansas town plots a path to prosperity

BYLINE: Vaughn Stewart III, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2492 words


Aug. 14--Editor's Note: This is the first in a three-part series on community
development efforts in Helena-West Helena, Ark., that may be instructive for
Anniston.

HELENA-WEST HELENA, Ark. -- Sporting an emerald polo shirt and a sable mustache,
the bank executive reclines in his desk chair until it creaks. His right leg,
bent at a 90-degree angle, rests on his left. His head is cocked back, supported
by interlocked palms.

Joe Black is relaxing, and rightfully so. Over the past few years, he has pulled
his town back from the abyss.

The population of Helena-West Helena -- formerly two towns that consolidated in
2006 -- is 15,000, down 40 percent since 1965 and 20 percent since 2000. With
almost 40 percent of residents below the poverty line, Helena (pronounced
Helen-uh, not Hel-lee-nuh, as locals will quickly point out) is one of the
poorest towns in one of the poorest counties in Arkansas. Its public schools
have twice been taken over by state authorities.

Yet, Helena is now on the verge of a renaissance, community leaders say. Locals
have renewed hope in the town.

And Black thinks the story of its innovation could echo east and west of the
nearby Mississippi River.

'A symbiotic relationship with their community'

During the post-war boom, Helena bustled with the sounds of blues musicians and
rowdy saloons. Older locals still remember walking sideways down Cherry Street,
downtown's main artery, to weave through the hordes of pedestrians. Today, you'd
probably have the sidewalk mostly to yourself.

Helena's downfall was precipitated by the usual suspects of small-town decay:
manufacturing job loss and agricultural mechanization. Black blamed "lack of
foresighted leadership" for Helena's problems.

"Didn't you know the mine was eventually going to go dry?" he thundered. "Didn't
you see people building tractors eventually? And once they started building
them, making them larger and more efficient?"

Black is the president of Southern Bancorp Capital Partners, the nonprofit wing
of Southern Bancorp Inc., the largest and most profitable rural development bank
in the country. Unlike the average bank, Southern has goals like reducing the
poverty and unemployment rates written into its mission statement.

"Southern Bancorp recognizes that banks have a symbiotic relationship with their
community," Black reasoned. "If the community grows and prospers, the bank grows
and prospers. If the community dies or loses population, the bank usually goes
down, too."

Through the 1980s, Helena's entire economy was structured to entice businesses
with cheap labor, Black said. He said free-trade deals shipped those jobs
overseas, leaving the town with an underdeveloped workforce and a devalued
school system.

Mohawk Rubber Co., plagued with labor and production problems, shuttered in
1979. The area's largest employer, Mohawk counted 675 workers in its prime.

Two decades of deterioration followed before the town finally hit bottom. The
indictment of West Helena city councilmen for stealing public money represented
a final indignity.

"No one could pretend anymore. All of our stores closed downtown. It was
literally boarded up," Black recalled.

First, the bank hoped that providing access to capital to county residents would
lead to innovation and recovery. Loans alone, though, did nothing to rid Helena
of its more systematic afflictions.

"We realized that lending by itself just won't do it in rural markets. Too many
things are out of place and need fixin'," Black lamented.

300 residents, 500 meetings, 18 months

Backs against the wall, Black and his colleagues first commissioned a baseline
study to evaluate past development efforts. The national consultant group found
several instances of well-meaning reformers parachuting into the Delta region
periodically, promising to "save you people" before packing up their tents after
a short stay.

"You don't fight endemic poverty with a two- to three-year program. You fight it
with a long-term, sustainable, multi-generational program," Black opined. "It
took decades to get into this situation and, well, it might take a few decades
to get out of this."

Ultimately, Southern created the "Delta Bridge Project" in 2005 to serve as a
private-public umbrella organization that coordinates redevelopment activity in
the county. The Delta Bridge Project focuses on what it calls the six pillars of
the community: economic development, tourism, health care, housing, education
and leadership.

The Walton Family foundation -- the family behind Wal-Mart and a ubiquitous
benefactor for all things Arkansas -- heavily funded the project. In return, the
Delta Bridge Project became the foundation's grant-making intermediary in the
region.

The next step was to develop a comprehensive strategy to transform Helena into a
dynamic economic center. In doing so, Southern listened to ideas from the entire
community. A detailed five-year plan was conceived after 300 residents
participated in 500 meetings over 18 months. City officials endorsed the plan;
residents, including potential investors, had reason to believe in Helena again.

In 2009, the Delta Bridge Project upgraded the plan to span 2010-2020.

In 2008 the project was one of 45 small-town improvement strategies profiled by
a University of North Carolina study titled Small Towns, Big Ideas. The study's
authors cited Delta Bridge's inclusive planning and implementation process as a
reason for its success and a lesson for other communities.

"The value of a community or strategic plan or vision document depends entirely
on the extent to which a truly representative sample of the community is
involved in creating the plan," the study's authors wrote. "Plans that are
created by a subset of any community are destined to affect only the subset
involved in its creation."

Eliminating the 'us versus them' mindset

Tim Schuringa describes the two objectives of the Delta Bridge Project as
"aligning existing resources and providing access to funding" for local
initiatives.

Schuringa first arrived in Helena as a Teach For America corps member and stayed
after his two-year commitment to aid in Helena's redevelopment efforts. Teach
For America is a national nonprofit organization that recruits bright college
graduates and places them in low-income school districts. He and his colleague,
Julia Nordsieck, herself a former TFA educator in New York, are both now
community development officers for Southern. They perform much of the
organization's behind-the-scenes work, including researching and writing grants.

"It's not about creating something out of nothing. It's not about Tim or Julia
or Joe or somebody from Southern magically making something happen," Schuringa
said. "It's about serving as a catalyst for the ingredients that you already
have."

The Delta Bridge Project has whipped up an entire menu of successes in seven
short years.

Initially, the program focused on short-term, visible projects that could
inspire hope and erode cynicism in the community. For one, it engineered a
massive demolition of more than 300 dilapidated properties in the area.

The necessity of shared resources during the 2005 cleanup likely catalyzed the
consolidation of Helena and West Helena the next year. While Helena boasts an
historic downtown comparable to Anniston's Noble Street, West Helena could be
characterized as a smaller Oxford, with an array of big-box retailers and fast
food chains.

"The consolidation kept two hands from reaching for one piece of pie. It also
helped us begin to eliminate an 'us versus them' mindset," Black said.

That same year, the Delta Area Health Education Center opened its doors with the
help of a $1 million low-interest loan from the Delta Bridge Project. The
organization has also offered low-interest loans to private investors willing to
purchase one of Helena's many historic homes.

Delta AHEC features an exercise center and educates the community on issues like
obesity, drug use and hypertension. Through a federal grant, it provides car
seats to soon-to-be mothers. Using technology straight out of The Jetsons,
patients can walk into the Delta AHEC in Helena and have a video consultation
with doctors in Little Rock or Fayetteville.

In 2006, an old lumber store was converted into a Boys & Girls Club and the
Delta Bridge Project pitched in $240,000. In a typical example of leaders
wearing multiple hats, several of those who spearheaded the project were also
affiliated with Southern Bancorp and the Delta Bridge Project.

Nearly 200 children visit the club every day, where they can play basketball and
tennis, participate in science projects and receive homework help.

The Delta Bridge Project's fingerprints are also on 20 high-quality units of
low-income housing, a harvest of burgeoning tourist sites and a successful new
charter school downtown.

"Without us being part of the process, I don't think this project would've been
done yet," Schuringa said.

Schuringa was referencing the Delta Bridge Project's efforts on behalf of a new
public library, but could have been referring to a plethora of other initiatives
across the county, including the revival of a popular blues festival, the
construction of charter school buildings and the creation of a biodiesel plant.

'Our numbers are growing'

In a town full of innovation, Terrance Clark and Will Staley pilot perhaps
Helena's most pioneering venture. Clark and Staley run Thrive, a creative
consulting firm that conducts marketing campaigns for local businesses at
below-market rates.

Clark and Staley met at art school. It shows. The walls of their downtown office
are plastered with canvases. They then attended graduate school together at New
York's prestigious Pratt Institute. One night, while talking on the phone in
Brooklyn, they hatched a plan to take their skills to Helena after graduation.
Staley grew up in Little Rock and was familiar with the town.

"In New York City, I was a pebble in a Japanese water foundation," Clark said.
"Here, I can call the mayor up and say I want to sit down and talk to you today.
The closest I ever got to the mayor in New York was selling fruit to him at a
farmer's market. There is an opportunity to do more here."

Using profit generated from their ad campaigns, Thrive operates two nonprofit
initiatives in partnerships with organizations like the local community college,
the Chamber of Commerce and Southern Bancorp. It received a $186,000 grant from
the Delta Bridge Project.

The Helena Entrepreneurial Center, an idea dreamt up in the original Delta
Bridge master plan, is a one-year program for budding entrepreneurs that helps
them get their business off the ground. It includes 12 weeks of business
classes, marketing materials and help on creating a business plan. At the end of
the curriculum, the aspiring capitalists present their ideas to the community.

Secondly, Clark and Staley shepherd Helena Second Saturdays, a downtown
revitalization effort featuring art and music displays on the second Saturday of
every month. The inaugural event in June attracted 15 local artists and
craftsmen and 300 residents.

"We're declaring this, on our own, an arts and entertainment district," Clark
said.

Samuel Clemens, better known as Mark Twain, chronicled his short stay in Helena
in Life on the Mississippi. After describing the deteriorated state of the town
following a flood, the classic American author wrote that residents were
"upholstered in bright new clothes of swell and elaborate style and cut -- a
glaring and hilarious contrast to the mournful mud and the pensive puddles."

Twain's observation could apply to modern-day luminaries like Staley and Clark,
whose eloquent enunciation and pressed slacks contrast with the derelict
buildings and neglected lots right outside their door.

"Our numbers are growing. Will and I have always said that if two of us exist,
there has got to be 2,000 more people like us out there," Clark said. "We've
always had this mantra: Move to Helena."

Leadership is 'make-or-break thing'

Both Anniston and Helena-West Helena have histories of racial divisions, active
downtown districts and dysfunctional city governments. Earlier this summer,
Helena was several months overdue on its budget after the mayor vetoed several
versions.

Still, Helena-West Helena and Anniston are far from twins. For one, Helena is
significantly poorer, with a median family income of $23,274, compared to
Anniston's $36,067. Helena is also less populated and more isolated, lacking
nearby access to a major interstate.

And the Delta Bridge Project hasn't solved all the city's problems. Unemployment
in Phillips County stood at 11.5 percent in June, well above the state rate of
8.1 percent and up from 9 percent a year ago, according to the Arkansas
Department of Workforce Services. Even at the height of the pre-recession
economy, the lowest annual unemployment rate for Phillips County was 6.9
percent, though that came after four straight years of increasing employment.

Nevertheless, the town's revitalization may prove instructive for the Model
City. In many ways, it seems to be doing more with less.

Perhaps no one is more responsible for Helena's success than Doug Friedlander.
Friedlander, like Schuringa, first arrived in Helena as part of Teach for
America. Within two years, he had helped lead the effort to create the Boys and
Girls Club. He now serves as executive director of the county's Chamber of
Commerce.

"The make-or-break thing for the whole plan was leadership. You need good
leadership to design the plan, but also to execute it," Friedlander said,
adjusting his wire-rimmed glasses. "Health care is going to go nowhere,
education is going to go nowhere, economic development is going to go nowhere
without the right leadership."

With optimism and vigor, Friedlander commands a presence in the room. In between
trumpeting the value of leadership, he managed to both praise the waitress for a
good first day on the job and crack a few jokes about the soap opera projecting
from a nearby television.

The tale of Helena's renaissance involves people with competence, integrity and
vision getting off the sidelines and taking their responsibility as residents
seriously, he said.

Black acknowledged that Helena still has a long road ahead.

"This is still a poor community," he said. "The poverty rate is still 37
percent. We've reversed historical trends in certain program areas, but there's
still business as usual in others."

Friedlander noted that while the first step toward recovery may be the most
difficult, it is never too late to turn a town's fortunes around.

"You can keep mourning or start doing some CPR," he said. "It's not dead yet."

To see more of The Anniston Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.annistonstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Anniston Star, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110814-AO-Bridge-to-somewhere-Eastern-Arkansas-town-plots-a-path-to-prosperity
-0814-20110814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2011 The Anniston Star


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                August 13, 2012

Plan May Mean Broader Ability To Make MBLs

BYLINE: Ed Roberts

SECTION: LENDING; Pg. 1 Vol. 16 No. 32

LENGTH: 374  words


WASHINGTON-As many as 1,000 additional credit unions are eligible for NCUA's
low-income designation and the exemptions it affords, including from the member
business loan cap, under a White House initiative unveiled last week to try to
alleviate conditions caused by the historic drought plaguing much of the
country.

"With this initiative, we are cutting regulatory red tape and expanding access
to capital for small businesses, which should translate into job creation," said
NCUA Chairman Debbie Matz, who briefed President Obama on the plan during a
White House meeting. "Providing small businesses with the money needed to open
their doors, create jobs or expand operations will help our economy. This action
is particularly timely for the 27 states devastated by this summer's historic
drought."

The president's program, created by the White House Rural Council, also calls
for $30 million in aid for drought-stricken areas and initiatives by other
federal agencies, including the Small Business Administration, Department of
Agriculture and the Department of Transportation.

NCUA, which has approved low-income status for almost 1,200 credit unions, is
contacting additional credit unions to notify them that they, too, are eligible
for the designation under the agency's rules. Letters were sent last week to
1,000 credit unions, according to Matz. Credit unions receiving these letters
may "opt-in" with a simple reply that agrees to the low-income designation.

How It Will Work

The new initiative could make hundreds of the nation's biggest credit unions,
those serving military personnel or those in big cities, eligible for a variety
of benefits, NCUA said. Low-income designation makes a credit union eligible for
NCUA's low-interest community development loans and small technical assistance
grants, as well as exemptions from the nominal MBL cap, and allows credit unions
to accept non-member deposits and offer alternative capital.

The initiative comes as bills proposing to lift the 12.25% (of assets) cap on
MBLs are stalled in Congress and have little prospect of passing this year.

To qualify as a low-income credit union, a majority of a federal credit union's
membership must meet low-income thresholds based on 2010 Census data.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday

Initiative aims to fix up and sell foreclosed homes

BYLINE: David Little, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 874 words


Mar. 17--WILLMAR -- Wells Fargo Bank and the Greater Minnesota Housing Fund are
teaming up with a program to put foreclosed homes in need of rehabilitation back
on the market. Wells Fargo announced it is providing a $750,000 investment to
the Greater Minnesota Housing Fund to support its foreclosure recovery
initiative.

David Wiese of Minneapolis, Wells Fargo's Minnesota community development
officer, said the investment continues Wells Fargo's collaboration with the
Greater Minnesota Housing Fund. Since 2002, Wells Fargo has invested about $4.5
million into Greater Minnesota Housing.

The private, nonprofit fund was established in 1996 by the McKnight and Blandin
foundations to address the need for safe, decent and affordably-priced housing
for low- and moderate-income families in rural Minnesota.

"Nonprofits come to me for these types of investments and we work through which
organizations would be the best to work with to get the money into the community
the most efficient way possible,'' said Wiese. "We like working with (Greater
Minnesota Housing Fund) and that's why we've made four different investments
with (the) organization.''

Wiese said the initiative will not help homeowners who are currently in
foreclosure, but is intended for new homebuyers.

"First, you're getting a foreclosed home off the market. You're getting it fixed
up, and then you're helping a low- and moderate-income family get into that
home,'' said Wiese.

Warren Hanson, president of Greater Minnesota Housing Fund, said developers will
use the Wells Fargo money to bring foreclosed houses up to specifications for
resale to low- and moderate-income households.

"A lot of homes that have been foreclosed on have sat vacant and homes that have
been for sale through the private market because of the slow market have been
sitting vacant and sometimes there's been damage,'' said Hanson. "This is to
correct the damage and provide some needed improvements like furnace or roof
repair or replacement.''

Both Wells Fargo and Greater Minnesota Housing Fund say the initiative will
address the foreclosure problem in rural Minnesota. A recent study by the
Federal Reserve Bank said Minnesota's "micropolitan'' areas have higher subprime
loan delinquency rates than the Twin Cities metropolitan area. The study
projects the rate will increase in 2010 and 2011.

Foreclosure data compiled by HousingLink of Minneapolis, a distributor of
affordable-housing information, showed foreclosures in Minnesota increased from
6,466 in 2005 to 26,265 in 2008. Foreclosures in the Twin Cities area rose from
3,759 in 2005 to 17,268, while foreclosures throughout the remainder of the
state increased from 2,707 in 2005 to 8,997 in 2008.

"It has just really been something that became a priority in the last year
because there are so many foreclosures,'' said Hanson. "With that many homes
going to sheriffs' sales, it has flooded the market with homes that are hung up
with various title problems and not in the greatest condition.''

He said home prices in the last five years have risen almost out of reach of
working families. But with the economic meltdown, ironically, there's an
opportunity for families to afford homeownership again, Hanson said.

"This is a window of opportunity for low-income households to become homeowners
if they can get a good affordable home and if they can get a good quality
mortgage as opposed to a subprime mortgage,'' he said.

Hanson was asked how many foreclosed structures will quality for this program.
Probably most of them, he said.

"Our programs tend to work with homes that are under $150,000 to $160,000. We're
seeing homes on the market even in the metro and in your area I'm guessing
(that) are in that price range or below. That's a great opportunity,'' Hanson
said.

The financing will go to developers who will buy and rehab the homes and make
them available, Hanson explained. He said developers in the southwest region
with which Greater Minnesota Housing Fund would work are Southwest Minnesota
Housing Partnership of Slayton or a municipal housing and redevelopment
authority.

Hanson acknowledges the current economic uncertainty is giving people a reason
to be a little nervous.

"But I also think that if you're careful and you don't buy more house than you
can afford ... if you live within your means and you get the right kind of
homeownership counseling and assistance, maybe even a down payment loan or
grant, then you're going to be able to continue to afford that home barring a
job loss,'' said Hanson.

"If your future is reasonably certain in terms of your job, I think this is
probably a good time to buy because the bargains are out there.''

People interested in this program house should call Southwest Minnesota Housing
Partnership, 1-507-8673, or their local housing and redevelopment authority.

To see more of the West Central Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wctrib.com. Copyright (c) 2009, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090317-YM-Initiative-aims-to-fix-up-and-sell-foreclosed-homes-0317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                                 Copyright 2009


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 30, 2013 Tuesday

Hermon eyes possible coordination of utility, road projects

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 769 words


HERMON, Maine -- Town officials have commissioned a household income survey they
hope will find Hermon eligible for water and sewer expansion grant money -- work
that if approved could delay planned improvements to Route 2 and the town's
village center.


The survey, which will be conducted by the Maine Rural Water Association, will
focus on family incomes in the project's target area -- Route 2 from Billings
Road to Coldbrook Road, and along Coldbrook from Route 2 to Autocar Lane,
according to Town Manager Roger Raymond.


Raymond said the proposed $5.2 million expansion encompasses a more than
three-mile stretch that has 97 buildings along it, including several apartment
buildings.


It's a concept that that town considered more than five years ago, he said. The
plan, however, was shelved after a survey showed that Hermon's $47,000-plus
median family income was $10,000 over the maximum for grant funding from USDA
Rural Development.


Local officials, however, decided to give the expansion another look after
businesses along Route 2 said the quality of the local water supply was
adversely affecting their operations, Raymond said. The addition of hydrants
would improve fire protection, which he said would in turn reduce insurance
rates for property owners as far as five miles away.


With respect to the sewer expansion, he said, soils in the target area "are
fairly tight. It's mostly clay and water and ledge, so certainly it would make a
difference in terms of development. The lots wouldn't have to be so big for
residential development."


Schools also could benefit, he said, noting that Hermon High School is 16 years
old and the lifespan of most private septic systems is 20 to 25 years.


The town recently learned it could conduct a special survey of the target area
to see if the median family income is lower than the townwide one, Raymond said.


To that end, the town sought and received the green light to proceed with the
survey from Rural Development and Community Development Block Grant program
officials, as long as the survey reflects their respective methodologies, he
said, adding that Maine Rural Water Association is experienced in both kinds of
surveys.


"The assumption is that the survey will reflect a much lower median family
income," he said, noting that many of the rental units in the target area are
subsidized and that's where the town's older homes are located.


The original 2007 cost estimate for the work was $5.5 million. Tweaks to the
plan -- including shortening the work area and elevation changes that call for
fewer pump stations -- have more than offset inflation, he said.


In conjunction with the water and sewer work, the town hopes to get Bangor Gas
to install natural gas lines and is looking to convert fiber optic lines -- now
underground and cased in concrete -- into aerial lines, Raymond said. Getting
the fiber optic lines above ground will give the town access to a side of Route
2 that is now off limits because of setback requirements.


If the town does qualify for grant money, the utility work won't occur until
2015 -- and that has a bearing on another major initiative, he said.


Hermon is on track for a nearly $1.5 million overhaul of its village center, a
project local officials had hoped to complete in time for the town's
bicentennial in the summer of 2014, Raymond said.


The Route 2 upgrade, included in the state's upcoming biennial transportation
improvement program, calls for redoing the intersection of Route 2 and Billings
Road and the stretch of roadway leading up to it, and an overlay of fresh
pavement. Planned for the village center are sidewalks, crosswalks, drainage
improvements and such amenities as pedestrian lighting, benches, trash
receptacles and tree plantings.


The improvements are one aspect of the Village Master Plan residents adopted in
2009 as a way to create a pedestrian-friendly town center that complements the
rural character residents want to retain.


Economic Development Director Ron Harriman says the sidewalks would link Hermon
High and Hermon Middle School, making it easier for students to walk to and from
school. Sidewalks on the opposite side of Route 2 would create a pedestrian
connection between Camden National Bank and the Baptist Church.


On Tuesday, Harriman said the town just learned that the sidewalk project has
received a major boost -- a $583,200 grant from the Maine Department of
Transportation's Safe Routes to Schools Transportation Enhancement Program.
Harriman said that landing the grant was a real coup for Hermon because it was
among a handful of projects chosen from a field of roughly 90 applicants.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                              June 6, 2003 Friday

HUD affordable housing programs bring homeownership to all

BYLINE: Erin Piel

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1006 words


Affordable housing development was covered extensively at the May 29
Professional Housing Resources Inc. workshop. Staff members from the St. Louis
Housing and Urban Development field office discussed information pertaining to
single-family and multifamily housing and fair housing initiatives. Regional
Housing and Community Development Alliance co-sponsored the workshop, which was
held at Saint Louis University School of Law.

Roy Pierce, the director of the St. Louis HUD field office, began the workshop
with a brief overview of HUD and its goals. "Homeownership is the easiest way to
accumulate wealth," and HUD helps to make sure it's attainable for as many
people as possible, said Pierce.

Pierce also stated that minority homeownership is a major focus of HUD. The
national homeownership average is nearly 75 percent, but less than half of all
African-Americans and Hispanic Americans are homeowners. HUD also works to end
chronic homelessness, expand care networks in rural areas and increase
faith-based participation in housing programs.

In order to receive a HUD grant, an organization must meet certain requirements,
which Pierce briefly discussed. HUD grants are funded annually, so an
organization needs additional resources; it cannot fully depend upon grant money
and expect the project to remain solvent. Organizations and businesses must also
have grant management experience in addition to a vision of what can be
accomplished with the grant money.

"We're trying to redevelop the inner core of St. Louis [because] the basic
theory is if we don't help the urban areas of our downtown, our region will
suffer," Pierce concluded.

Susan Warner, senior project manager in the multifamily housing division,
discussed specific programs that HUD offers in its effort to redevelop the inner
cores of cities. She stated that in the region of Missouri that her office deals
with, "east of Springfield and north, over to the Mississippi River, more than
400 properties have something to do with HUD."

Super Notice of Funding Availability was a program Warner covered in detail,
highlighting the fact that the program is "very, very competitive." SuperNOFA
pertains to Section 202, supportive housing for the elderly, and Section 811,
supportive housing for persons with disabilities.

SuperNOFA forms are available in April and this year's deadline is June 13.
"There's no way, even if you're Wonder Woman, that you could get this done from
April to June," Warner said, maintaining that the current year's SuperNOFA forms
are basically a textbook to prepare people for what is needed to put a package
together for the following year.

Those that receive this year's 202 and 811 grants are announced in September or
October, from which point they have 18 months to get a formal commitment to HUD
in order to receive the grant money.

In addition to the SuperNOFA program, Warner also mentioned other sources of
funding that can be combined with HUD grants or used alone, such as real estate
tax abatement, tax increment financing, state and federal historic tax credits,
brownfield tax benefits and Hope VI funds.

Dennis Martin, director of the single-family housing division, gave a brief
history of the Fair Housing Administration to illustrate how far homeownership
has come since the administration's inception. Before the FHA was created in
1934, a down payment of at least 50 percent, and sometimes the full amount, was
required in order to purchase a home. Consequently, about four in 10 families
owned a home.

Nearly 70 years later, FHA has dramatically increased homeownership and
significantly lowered the down payment amount -- 3 percent to 5 percent --
required to purchase a home.

The FHA's largest product is mortgage insurance for one- to four-family homes,
which is also referred to as Section 203(b). This program helps low- and
moderate-income families become homeowners by lowering the costs on mortgage
loans, which expands homeownership opportunities for first-time homebuyers and
other borrowers who would not otherwise qualify for conventional loans on
affordable terms.

Lower down payment requirements are a cornerstone to section 203(b).
Conventional mortgages frequently require a down payment of at least 10 percent,
but using this program, borrows can reduce their down payment to as little as 3
percent. Closing costs -- which can run 2 percent to 3 percent of the total
price of the home -- can also be financed, helping to reduce the up-front cost
of buying a home.

Contrary to the belief that HUD owns and manages property, Martin pointed out
that the only time HUD becomes a property owner is when someone defaults on the
loan. In those cases, HUD pays the lender what is owed and takes ownership of
the home, only to turn around and sell it at market value as quickly as
possible. These homes are sold as is, which means that if a home is in need of
repairs -- and very few of them are -- HUD's asking price of the home will
reflect the fact that the buyer will have to invest money to make improvements.

Closing out the workshop was Eddie Wartts, lead equal opportunity specialist in
HUD's fair housing division. He explained that the fair housing division is
"kind of like the bad guy" at HUD because it doesn't give out money; it seeks
money for violations in fair housing laws. For that reason, Wartts' division
does a number of educational and outreach programs in an effort "to keep HUD out
of your pockets."

HUD's Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination in housing because of race,
religion, sex, national origin, color, handicap or familial status.

Wartts also covered building accessibility requirements set forth by HUD, such
as doorway openings at least 32 inches wide; hallway widths of at least 36
inches; accessible routes throughout the entire building to all facilities;
environmental controls -- light switches, electrical outlets and thermostats --
placed no higher than 48 inches and no lower than 15 inches; and reinforced
walls for grab bars.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

D'Amato Bill Includes Funding to Revive FHA Reverse Mortgage Program for a Year

                          December 28, 1995, Thursday

By BILL McCONNELL


The FHA reverse mortgage program would get an extra year of life under
legislation introduced last week by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Alfonse M.
D'Amato.

The reverse mortgage program and several other government housing initiatives
would be kept alive through 1996 as Congress debated the future of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development, which runs the program.

Sen. D'Amato said the stopgap funds are needed to protect housing programs while
Congress decides their future. Though a critic of many housing programs, Sen.
D'Amato praised the reverse mortgage initiative, which has allowed more than
14,000 elderly homeowners to tap the equity in their homes.

The five-year-old reverse mortgage program expired Oct. 1, and Sen. D'Amato's
efforts to reauthorize it is awaiting further debate before the busy Banking
Committee.

Because there is little time to debate reforms, short-term funding is necessary,
said Sen. Connie Mack, co-sponsor of the stopgap bill. "This extension gives us
the time needed to enact reforms that will make the program more effective,"
said the Florida Republican.

Other co-sponsors are Sen. Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo.; Sen. Pete V. Domenici,
R-N.M.; Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, and Sen. Richard C. Shelby, R-Ala.

Sen. Bond said the program should be expanded because it is successful and is
increasingly popular among elderly homeowners. "This program is designed to
allow the elderly to tap the accumulated equity in their homes for needed
expenses without the risk of losing the housing," he said.

The reverse mortgage program provides a low-risk way for banks to offer the
product, which permits homeowners past age 62 to receive monthly payments based
on the equity in their homes. The reverse mortgages are FHA- insured.

The stopgap bill copies many provisions from a budget bill vetoed last month by
President Clinton. "The President's veto has placed our nation's housing
delivery system in serious jeopardy," Sen. D'Amato said.

The stopgap funding would also increase the number of units eligible for
insurance from 25,000 to 30,000.

The bill also provides a one-year renewal of other programs, including:

*Expiring Section 8 contracts.

*Community Development Block Grants.

*FHA multifamily housing lending that shares Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and state
insurance.

*Rural multifamily housing lending.

Most of these programs will be reviewed, Sen. D'Amato said. "Legislation will be
introduced in the spring of 1996 which will reorganize, transfer or eliminate
housing and community development programs," he said last week.

The House has already passed legislation that will renew many housing programs
through 2000, although it lacks a stopgap funding bill. A Capitol Hill aide said
Rep. Rick Lazio, chairman of the House banking panel's housing and community
opportunity subcommittee, may fight to preserve reforms drafted in his
legislation rather than wait for Sen. D'Amato's efforts.

Both sides do agree, however, in long-term plans for the reverse mortgage
program. In addition to increasing the number of eligible units to 50,000, both
proposals extend the program from single-family dwellings to four-family
residences in which the mortgagor occupies one unit.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 541 words

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: D'Amato, photo

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                             July 1, 1993, Thursday

Prince hails local heroes of community work

BYLINE: By John Young

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 454 words


THE Prince of Wales yesterday pledged his support to the ''local heroes'' who
devote themselves to the social and economic regeneration of their
neighbourhoods through investment and development.

''When singing the praises of these local heroes, whose commitment,
determination and indefatigability achieves so much in the face of every kind of
adversity, I am sometimes accused of displaying the religious zeal of the
convert,'' he said. ''I plead guilty in this instance and it is something I wish
to share.

''In my visits to award-winning projects, I take with me, as often as
circumstances allow, other public and private sector leaders so that they, too,
can experience what I like to call the community enterprise effect.  Their
awakened enthusiasm is part of a benign culture which now thrives as a result.''

The prince's message was read out at the launch of the 1993 Community Enterprise
Awards, organised by The Times and Business in the Community. The prince has
been patron of the awards since their inception in 1985 and this year has agreed
to succeed Lord Scarman as chairman.

Peter Stothard, editor of The Times, recalled that in 1985, the newspaper's
bicentenary, the late Charles Douglas-Home, who was editor, decided that it
should be marked by encouraging one of the most significant trends of the time,
community enterprise. The awards were intended to reward local enterprise and
initiative, without excessive reliance on government or local authority grants.
Mr Stothard said no-one needed reminding of the pressures currently placed on
all aspects of public spending.

The projects all had a social purpose but the aim was that they should be
self-financing, frequently generating income from commercial ventures, thus
creating employment.

This year's awards fall into five categories: housing and homelessness,
community facilities, premises for business and training, rural issues and the
environment. The best overall entry will win the Charles Douglas-Home Award. One
of the previous winners was the Coin Street development, central London.

The chief executive of Business in the Community is Julia Cleverdon. The
sponsors are The Times, TSB Group, United Biscuits, Chartwell Land and the
Housing Associations Charitable Trust. The awards are also supported by the
Civic Trust, the Groundwork Foundation, the Rural Development Commission, Action
with Communities in Rural England, the Community Development Foundation and the
Prince of Wales's Institute of Architecture.

Entry forms are available from The Community Enterprise Awards, Business in the
Community, 8 Stratton Street, London W1X 5FD (071-629 1600). The closing date
for entries is September 1, 1993.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1993 Times Newspapers Limited


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 20, 1983, Wednesday, Final Edition

SECTION: Maryland Weekly; In Congress; Md. 8

LENGTH: 381 words


Votes of area members of Congress on key issues during the week ending July 15:

House

Housing authorization passed. The House approved a $15.6 billion housing
authorization bill. The bill, which retained an initiative to stimulate
construction of low-income rental housing, passed 263 to 158 last Wednesday.

The bill authorized spending for urban and rural assisted-housing programs,
community-development block grants and the low-income housing construction
stimulus program. The bill also reduced subsidized tenants' rent contribution to
25 percent of their adjusted income from 30 percent. Another provision allowed
buyers and lenders to negotiate interest rates on Federal Housing Administration
and Veterans Administration mortgages.

Voting in favor of the bill:

Dyson (D), Long (D), Mikulski (D), Hoyer (D), Mitchell (D) and Barnes (D).

Voting against:

Holt (R) and Byron (D).

Senate

Green light for nuclear-shell-production facilities. In the first of a series of
key defense votes last week, the Senate on July 12 voted 47 to 42 to eliminate
the restriction on building production facilities for nuclear shells that likely
would be used for "neutron bombs" in Western Europe.

The provision allowed the president to approve production facilities for the
enhanced radiation warhead if he certified the project was essential to national
security. Congress just last month had enacted language permitting the
construction of production facilities only if a NATO country publicly agreed to
accept the weapon on its territory.

Voting against amendment:

Sarbanes (D) and Mathias (R).

Nerve gas funding approved. With Vice President George Bush casting a rare
tie-breaking vote, the Senate last Wednesday authorized $130 million for
production of "nerve gas" when it voted 50 to 49 to table (kill) an amendment
barring any money from being used for binary chemical munitions.

Voting against tabling amendment:

Sarbanes (D) and Mathias (R).

B1 bomber saved. The Senate strongly showed its support for the B1 bomber when
it voted 68 to 30 last Wednesday to table (kill) an amendment to delete funds
for the controversial bomber and to accelerate development of the new Stealth
bomber.

Voting against tabling amendment:

Sarbanes (D) and Mathias (R).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    July 20, 1983, Wednesday, Final Edition

SECTION: Maryland Weekly; In Congress; Md. 10

LENGTH: 381 words


Votes of area members of Congress on key issues during the week ending July 15:

House

Housing authorization passed. The House approved a $15.6 billion housing
authorization bill. The bill, which retained an initiative to stimulate
construction of low-income rental housing, passed 263 to 158 last Wednesday.

The bill authorized spending for urban and rural assisted-housing programs,
community-development block grants and the low-income housing construction
stimulus program. The bill also reduced subsidized tenants' rent contribution to
25 percent of their adjusted income from 30 percent. Another provision allowed
buyers and lenders to negotiate interest rates on Federal Housing Administration
and Veterans Administration mortgages.

Voting in favor of the bill:

Dyson (D), Long (D), Mikulski (D), Hoyer (D), Mitchell (D) and Barnes (D).

Voting against:

Holt (R) and Byron (D).

Senate

Green light for nuclear-shell-production facilities. In the first of a series of
key defense votes last week, the Senate on July 12 voted 47 to 42 to eliminate
the restriction on building production facilities for nuclear shells that likely
would be used for "neutron bombs" in Western Europe.

The provision allowed the president to approve production facilities for the
enhanced radiation warhead if he certified the project was essential to national
security. Congress just last month had enacted language permitting the
construction of production facilities only if a NATO country publicly agreed to
accept the weapon on its territory.

Voting against amendment:

Sarbanes (D) and Mathias (R).

Nerve gas funding approved. With Vice President George Bush casting a rare
tie-breaking vote, the Senate last Wednesday authorized $130 million for
production of "nerve gas" when it voted 50 to 49 to table (kill) an amendment
barring any money from being used for binary chemical munitions.

Voting against tabling amendment:

Sarbanes (D) and Mathias (R).

B1 bomber saved. The Senate strongly showed its support for the B1 bomber when
it voted 68 to 30 last Wednesday to table (kill) an amendment to delete funds
for the controversial bomber and to accelerate development of the new Stealth
bomber.

Voting against tabling amendment:

Sarbanes (D) and Mathias (R).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 27, 2017

                     Vermont Energy Investment Corporation

                         Suite 401, 128 Lakeside Avenue
                                Burlington 05401
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Awards $46 Million to Boost Energy Efficiency in Vermont

   Jan 08, 2016

   Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack awarded $46 million in assistance to the
Vermont Energy Investment Corporation (VEIC) to support energy efficiency and
renewable energy improvements in rural areas across the state.USDA awarded VEIC
$46 million in assistance to help its customers save money, and live more
comfortably by installing renewable energy systems and making energy efficiency
upgrades, such as switching to cleaner and more efficient fuel sources and
installing energy efficient building upgrades. This is the largest Energy
Efficiency and Conservation Loan Program (EECLP) project in terms of both
financing and scale that the USDA's Rural Utilities Service has made since the
program's launch in December 2013."This loan will reduce barriers to energy
investments by lowering the upfront costs, spreading these costs over 20 years,
and by making financing more available," Vilsack said. "It also will help
residential, commercial, agricultural and industrial consumers in rural Vermont
reduce energy use and meet state and national energy goals." VEIC will operate
and administer their program through Efficiency Vermont an energy efficiency
utility with a state-wide and predominantly rural service territory. The utility
has a 15-year history of providing efficient lighting, appliances, equipment,
and HVAC systems to residential and business customers. Efficiency Vermont
dedicates a portion of its annual budget to services for low-income residents.
VEIC's partnership with Efficiency Vermont serves as a model of how utilities
can enable large-scale energy efficiency and renewable investments. This USDA
loan is expected to provide major benefits to rural Vermont residents,
businesses, and communities beyond reducing the burden of energy costs. For
example, reducing energy costs for farmers and food manufacturers -- including
family run dairies and maple syrup producers -- can help them remain
competitive. Cost-effective and high-quality energy efficiency upgrades will
enable families and business to feel more comfortable during Vermont's long
heating season and spend less on heating costs. To date, the program has
provided $56.6 million for energy efficiency and renewable energy projects in
rural areas. It also is another step by which USDA is supporting President
Obama's Climate Action Plan. The program will help build a cleaner and more
sustainable domestic energy sector for future generations by reducing barriers
to investment in energy efficiency and potentially cutting energy bills for
rural American families and businesses in the process. USDA has other energy
initiatives in addition to the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Loan Program.
Since 2009, the Department has provided financing for more than 14,000 energy
projects nationwide through $2.1 billion in strategic investments to support
rural businesses and American energy independence. These programs have saved
more than 10.5 billion kilowatt hours of energy and have produced 160 million
gallons of advanced biofuels. In Vermont alone, USDA invested nearly $2.7
billion between 2009 and 2014. This includes more than $680 million in economic
development to support affordable housing and create jobsmore than $263 million
in infrastructure development, including electricity, broadband and
telecommunications, water, and community facilitiesand $135 million through
conservation efforts to protect Vermont's land, water and air resources. In
2016, we will continue to build on that investment to support the farmers,
growers and rural small businesses driving the rural economy forward, including
accepting new applications to the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Loan
Program, carry out record conservation efforts, facilitate groundbreaking
research, promote new markets for rural products, and provide a safe, affordable
and nutritious food supply for Vermont families. President Obama's plan for
rural America has brought about historic investment and resulted in stronger
rural communities. Under the President's leadership, these investments in
housing, community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered
rural America to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy,
small towns and rural communities.


Announcing the First Ever Electric Vehicle Incentive in Vermont

   Jun 15, 2014

   Drive Electric Vermont is pleased to offer a time limited incentive, made
possible through a grant provided by VLITE a public benefit, nonprofit
corporation. This pilot incentive program has 75 incentives available statewide.
Each participating dealership will have a limited quantity available. Shop early
for your best chance to participate! It is Easier than Ever for Vermont Car
Buyers to Go ElectricConsidering that the total cost of Electric Vehicle (EV)
ownership is lower than many gasoline powered cars, owning an electric car just
got a lot easier in Vermont. Sales of electric vehicles in Vermont have been
steadily increasing in the past few years, with over 630 plug-in passenger cars
registered in Vermont as of April 2014. Even with this progress, there is still
a long way to go in order to meet the State of Vermont's Comprehensive Energy
Plan (CEP) transportation efficiency and renewable energy goals. "We are excited
to partner with Drive Electric Vermont and local dealerships to promote plug-in
vehicles this summer. With a growing interest in electric cars, a $500 discount
to buyers, and a busy sales season ahead, we're looking forward to seeing the
number of electric cars on Vermont roads continue to grow." Local Car
Dealerships Support EV Sales Goals Drive Electric Vermont is partnering with car
dealerships around the state to make the incentives available at the point of
purchase. In May 2014 these dealerships participated in EV technology and sales
training provided by Drive Electric Vermont: THE AUTOMASTER BMW HAND CHEVROLET
SHEARER CHEVROLET BRATTLEBORO FORD HERITAGE FORD LAMOILLE VALLEY FORD TWIN STATE
FORD BURLINGTON MITSUBISHI FREEDOM NISSAN HERITAGE TOYOTA WHITE RIVER TOYOTA
When you are ready to purchase or lease a new electric vehicle, stop into one of
these dealerships and their knowledgeable sales staff will guide you through
your purchase and make sure you get the $500 incentive.


AMP/VEIC Execute New Efficiency Smart Contract

   Jul 15, 2013

   American Municipal Power, Inc. (AMP) and the Vermont Energy Investment
Corporation (VEIC) have executed a contract that will extend the operation of
Efficiency Smart â[#x20ac]" AMP's successful energy efficiency program
â[#x20ac]" beyond its initial three-year contract term. The new contract will
run from January 2014 through December 2016.Launched in January 2011, Efficiency
Smart provides a broad range of energy efficiency services for AMP member
utilities. Its goal is to encourage residential, business and industrial
customers to adopt cost-effective energy efficiency services that provide
reliable, verifiable cost savings. VEIC was contracted to create and implement
the initial program, which expires at the end of 2013. Forty-nine AMP member
communities in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Michigan currently participate in
Efficiency Smart.The original three-year service period, valued at approximately
$27 million, was designed to save participants 81,000 megawatt-hours (MWh) of
energy by the end of 2013. Efficiency Smart surpassed this savings target in
March of this year, and is now focused on achieving individual savings targets
for each of its participants. There are still a lot of energy savings to attain
as well as money that we are committed to returning to businesses and residents,
said Kristyn Wilder, Executive Director of Efficiency Smart. We plan to build on
the momentum of our first contract to achieve even greater energy savings for
our participating members in 2014 and beyond. We also look forward to continuing
to make a lasting impact in each of our communities, not just through energy
savings, but also through workforce, economic and community development. Under
the terms of the new agreement, the cost to participate in Efficiency Smart will
decrease from the current rate of $1.50 per MWh of the municipality's annual
retail sales to $1.40 per MWh with no impact on the level of services
participants receive. Two other key updates to the second contract include
removing the minimum level of subscription required for Efficiency Smart to
operate â[#x20ac]" although a minimum of 5 million MWh per year is targeted
â[#x20ac]" and stipulating that AMP may seek to bid MWh savings into the
available capacity market. Most of the provisions will remain the same during
the next service period, including that VEIC fees will still be at-risk through
a 70 percent performance guarantee for participants, savings will continue to be
independently verified by a third-party hired by AMP, and VEIC will still have
the opportunity to engage in activities outside of AMP through Efficiency Smart
as long as it does not interfere or present a conflict of interest in proving
energy efficiency services for AMP. Efficiency Smart has been extremely
successful in its first years of operation, said AMP Senior Vice President
Jolene Thompson, who supervises Efficiency Smart for AMP. The program is an
important component in participating communities' portfolios and the renewed
contract allows us to build on this success. Increased participation and
additional energy savings are definitely goals going forward. The new contract
with VEIC will allow a continuity in program management and continued success.
VEIC is excited to continue our strong partnership with AMP and the member
utilities of Efficiency Smart, said VEIC Executive Director Scott Johnstone.
With the continuation of Efficiency Smart, businesses and homeowners will
continue to have opportunities to save money and energy, while also supporting
local job creation and economic development. This successful partnership is a
national model in providing energy efficiency services for municipal utility
customers.


VEIC Selects ARCA To Provide Appliance Recycling Services

   Feb 03, 2011

   Vermont Energy Investment Corporation (VEIC), which is under contract with
American Municipal Power to deliver the Efficiency Smart program, has selected
Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. (ARCA) to be the provider of
turnkey services for subscribing member utilities (SMUs) participating in
Efficiency Smart's Appliance Recycling Initiative.ARCA will provide refrigerator
and freezer recycling services for the participating SMUs' residential electric
customers in Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania. The program began on January 3,
2011 and will run through December 31, 2013.Through this program, participating
SMU customers who turn in operating but energy inefficient secondary
refrigerators and freezers will be eligible for a $35 incentive for each
qualifying appliance, with a maximum of three appliances per household. ARCA
will perform the in-home collection of qualifying refrigerators and freezers and
recycle the units according to the Environmental Protection Agency guidelines.
Together, the Efficiency Smart Appliance Recycling Initiative and ARCA will
prevent more than 95% of the recyclable materials in old refrigerators and
freezers from entering the waste stream. Edward R. (Jack) Cameron, president and
CEO of ARCA, said: "We are extremely pleased to have the opportunity to provide
environmentally sound, turnkey appliance recycling services for the Efficiency
Smart Appliance Recycling Initiative in Michigan, Ohio and Pennsylvania. By
capitalizing on ARCA's extensive experience in environmentally sound appliance
recycling, the initiative will reduce residential electricity demand, help lower
their customers' energy bills and provide public environmental benefits.
Additionally, we are proud to support a program that will strengthen all
communities involved."


DOE Selects MEEA To Provide Expertise On Stimulus Grant Projects

   Jul 06, 2010

   The US Department of Energy (DOE) has selected Midwest Energy Efficiency
Alliance (MEEA) to assist communities that are conducting energy efficiency
programs funded through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA). MEEA
will work with the grantees to assist them with their implementation of their
energy efficiency programs funded under ARRA.MEEA, which is based in Chicago and
covers a 13-state region, is part of the DOE's recovery act technical assistance
provider network. It will work with communities in the Midwest that have
received Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block Grants, State Energy Programe
and Retrofit Ramo-Up Initiative grants as part of the ARRA. In addition, MEEA
will take a leading national role in developing recommended programs and best
practices in the area of energy efficient lighting.Wendy Jaehn, executive
director for MEEA, said: We look forward to the opportunity to work with the
communities, large and small, throughout the Midwest that are implementing
energy efficient programs thanks to new federal funding. Our goal is to help
grantees make an impact right away and also develop programs that would be
sustainable after ARRA funding ends, if possible. MEEA is a collaborative
network advancing energy efficiency in the Midwest to support sustainable
economic development and environmental preservation. MEEA promotes the market
transformation of energy efficiency technologies, processes and best practices
throughout the region through policy advocacy, program design and facilitation
and piloting of energy technologies. Over the last 10 years, the environmental
impact of MEEA's programming has saved 3,184,618,771kW hours and 65,278,123
therms, which, when combined, equal to 499,707 cars off the road. MEEA is
partnering with other non-profit organizations in the technical assistance
network: Vermont Energy Investment Corporation (team lead), the American Council
for an Energy-Efficient Economy, the Northwest Energy Efficiency Alliance, the
Southwest Energy Efficiency Project, the Northeast Energy Efficiency
Partnerships, and the Southeast Energy Efficiency Alliance.


NEEA To Deliver Technical Assistance For Federal Energy Efficiency ARRA Grantees


   Jun 30, 2010

   The Northwest Energy Efficiency Alliance (NEEA) has been selected to be a
part of the Department of Energy's Recovery Act Technical Assistance provider
network. As a member of the Technical Assistance network, NEEA is tasked with
providing and coordinating resources and assistance to recipients of Energy
Efficiency and Conversion Block Grants (EECBG), State Energy Program (SEP) and
Retrofit Ramp-up grants.As part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
(ARRA), nearly $6.5 billion has been granted to states and communities across
the US for energy efficiency programs.Drawing on NEEA's working relationships
with northwest utilities and other energy efficiency providers, this support
will help grantees develop programs that are in support of Federal initiatives,
and designed to address long-term energy policy changes, environmental concerns,
and the need to strengthen the economy and create jobs. In addition to working
with local utilities and other regional experts, NEEA will facilitate the
development and sharing of best practices, tools and resources from across the
nation. Claire Fulenwider, executive director at NEEA, said: Working with ARRA
grant recipients is an effective way for NEEA to advance its mission by
increasing market adoption of energy efficient products, services and business
practices in the Northwest. A top strategic goal of our 2010-2014 business plan
is to facilitate the regional planning and implementation of energy efficiency
initiatives in our region. We look forward to the opportunity to work together
with Northwest utilities and other regional and national organizations on
developing long-term, sustainable energy efficiency initiatives. NEEA is
partnering with the other organizations in the technical assistance network,
consisting of non-profit organizations with a national footprint and a deep
collective energy resume: Vermont Energy Investment Corporation (team lead), the
American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy (ACEEE), the Midwest Energy
Efficiency Alliance (MEEA), the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), the
Southwest Energy Efficiency Project (SEEP), the Northeast Energy Efficiency
Partnerships (NEEP), and the Southeast Energy Efficiency Alliance (SEEA).


DOE Announces $20.5 Million For Community Renewable Energy Deployment Projects

   Jan 21, 2010

   U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Secretary Steven Chu announced the selection
of five projects to receive more than $20.5 million from the American Recovery
and Reinvestment Act to support deployment of community-based renewable energy
projects, such as biomass, wind and solar installations. These projects will
promote investment in clean energy infrastructure that will create jobs, help
communities provide long-term renewable energy and save consumers money.The
project will also serve as models for other local governments, campuses or small
utilities to replicate, allowing other communities to design projects that fit
their individual size and energy demands.Smaller, more localized renewable
energy systems need to play a role in our comprehensive energy portfolio," said
Secretary Chu. These projects will help create jobs, expand our clean energy
economy, and help us cut carbon pollution at the local level. The selected
projects will be leveraged with around $167 million in local government and
private industry funding. DOE estimates that these projects will provide enough
clean, renewable energy to displace the emissions of around 10,700 homes.
Projects selected for awards include: City of Montpelier This project will
further Montpelier's energy goals by supporting installation of a 41 MMBtu
combined heat and power district energy system fueled with locally-sourced
renewable and sustainably-harvested wood chips. The CHP system will be sized to
provide heating to the Vermont Capitol Complex, city owned schools, the City
Hall Complex, and up to 156 buildings in the community's designated downtown
district for a total of 176 buildings and 1.8 million square feet served. By
providing 1.8 million KWh of power to the grid, the system will maximize its
operating efficiency and reduce thermal costs for users in the community.
Montpelier will conduct outreach to encourage replication regionally and
nationally through its project partners, the Biomass Energy Resource Center, the
Vermont Energy Investment Corporation, and Veolia Energy North America. DOE
share: $8,000,000 Forest County Potawatomi Tribe The Forest County Potawatomi
Tribe proposes to implement an integrated renewable energy deployment plan that
will provide heating, cooling and electricity for the Tribe's governmental
buildings, displacing natural gas and propane. The renewable energy
installations will include: a 1.25 MW biomass combined heat and power facility
that will provide heating, cooling and electricitya biogas digester and 150 kW
generation facilitythree 100 kW wind turbines (788,400 kWh/year)and three
dual-axis 2.88 kW solar PV panels (14,000 kWh/yr) located at the Tribe's
Governmental Center. DOE share: $2,500,000 Phillips County This project proposes
a community-owned 30 MW wind energy project with an ultimate goal to build a
650MW wind farm within Sedgwick, Phillips, and Logan counties in Northeastern
Colorado. This project will impact the local economy by sharing the project's
revenues with local landowners and other project participants, by generating
local jobs, substantial property taxes, and providing clean renewable energy for
the area's primary communities. Plans for sharing this ownership model are part
of the business plan and will be coordinated with DOE to increase national
delivery of the message. DOE share: $2,500,000 Sacramento Municipal Utility
District (SMUD) SMUD will install the state's first-ever â[#x20ac][#x2dc]Solar
Highway', which will feature three PV system installations on 2 miles of highway
right-of-ways (300kW of concentrating PV, and 400 and 800 kW of flat plate PV
distributed at 2 sites), with total capacity of 1.5 MW. SMUD will also install a
full scale co-digestion process of fats, oil and grease (FOG) and liquid food
processing waste with sewage to produce biogas with estimated power recovery of
1 - 3 MW, and install two low-NOx anaerobic digesters fed by two dairy
facilities that will produce 500 kW of combined heat and power, and generate 600
kW of electricity through a molten carbonate fuel cell. The projects will
demonstrate that solar PV and anaerobic digesters can be readily implemented
through collaborative partnerships, and avoid siting issues and transmission
constraints that pose barriers to renewable energy capacity additions. SMUD will
partner with the State of California (CEC, CalTrans, and CARB) and DOE to
promote replication of their approaches, technologies and implementation
strategies statewide and nationally. DOE share: $5,000,000 University of
California at Davis UC Davis' proposed Waste-to-Renewable Energy (WTRE) system
is one component of a campus oriented mixed housing and commercial development
venture. The system would generate power from a renewable biogas fed fuel cell.
The organic waste will enter a receiving station in which it can be collected
and prepared for digestion. Once the appropriate mix has been created in buffer
tanks, the waste will flow to the reactor where methanogenic bacteria will
generate methane and carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide, etc. These gases will
flow to the Bio-methane Upgrade System for hydrogen sulfide and carbon dioxide
removal, so that cleanup is to a level appropriate for use in a fuel cell
system, and the cleaned gas is stored. Housed alongside the WTRE system within
the Community Energy Park will be an advanced storage battery and a 300kW fuel
cell that will be fueled by the on-site biogas and provides electric power to
West Village end-users. DOE share: $2,500,000


Vermont Energy Appoints New Executive Director

   Apr 11, 2008

   Vermont Energy Investment Corporation (Vermont Energy), a US-based service
provider of energy planning, design, implementation and evaluation, has
appointed Scott Johnstone as its new executive director. Scott has a wealth of
wisdom and experience in both the private and public sectors. In addition, Beth
Sachs, co-founder and current executive director of the company, is stepping
down as executive director.VEIC sought a new Executive Director to lead it
through its next phase of development as the urgency and demand for energy
services grow, said Chip Stone, Vermont Energy's board president, and we have
found that leader in Scott Johnstone.'Scott has demonstrated his leadership
talents at developing strategic direction, fostering innovation, building
effective partnerships, and producing measurable results. He is coming to
Vermont Energy from the Chittenden County Metropolitan Planning Organization,
where he has been the executive director since 2005. Prior to that, Scott was a
senior project director at Stone Environmental. He served as the secretary of
the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources from 2000 - 2003, where he developed
innovative approaches to addressing many of Vermont's pressing environmental
issues. Scott is a professional engineer with an engineering degree from the
University of Maine. I am so pleased to join the VEIC team. It is a rare
opportunity to join an organization with such a demonstrated record of success
coupled with the chance to dive deeply into helping both our state and our world
make progress in addressing our energy needs and lessening our climate
challenges. said Johnstone. Beth Sachs, will be staying on with the company to
lead its new business development activities and special projects.


VEIC Appoints New Executive Director

   Apr 11, 2008

   Vermont Energy Investment Corporation (VEIC) has appointed Scott Johnstone as
new executive director, effective June 2008. The company has also reported that
Beth Sachs, co-founder and current executive director of the company, is
stepping down from that role which she has held since 1986. Beth Sachs will lead
new business development activities and special projects of the company. Scott
has experience in both the private and public sectors.'VEIC sought a new
Executive Director to lead it through its next phase of development as the
urgency and demand for energy services grow', said Chip Stone, VEIC's board
president, and we have found that leader in Scott Johnstone.'Scott has
demonstrated his leadership talents at developing strategic direction, fostering
innovation, building effective partnerships, and producing measurable results.
Prior to Chittenden County Metropolitan Planning Organization, Scott was a
senior project director at Stone Environmental, with a focus on water resources.
He served as the secretary of the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources from 2000
to 2003, where he developed innovative approaches to addressing many of
Vermont's pressing environmental issues. Scott is a professional engineer with
an engineering degree from the University of Maine. 'I am so pleased to join the
VEIC team. It is a rare opportunity to join an organization with such a
demonstrated record of success coupled with the chance to dive deeply into
helping both our state and our world make progress in addressing our energy
needs and lessening our climate challenges.' said Johnstone.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Arrowhead Center names development coordinator

BYLINE: By, Adriana M. Chavez

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 709 words


LAS CRUCES - New Mexico State University's Arrowhead Center recently welcomed a
new staff member who will help boost economic development and community
engagement efforts.

Michael Patrick is the center's new Extension Specialist and Economic
Development Coordinator.

Patrick has served as the director of NMSU's Doctorate of Economic Development
program for the past fours years, and as a Community Resource and Economic
Development Specialist for NMSU's Cooperative Extension Service since 2007.

He has also served as a Western Rural Development Fellow since 2012, working to
strengthen rural communities, and help them thrive economically and become
self-sustaining. His interests are in Native American economic development
activities as well as community, economic and business development throughout
the region.

"NMSU is adopting a holistic model for economic development and community
engagement, in which parties from across campus are working together, merging
their assets and networks to benefit New Mexicans," said Kevin Boberg, NMSU's
Vice President for Economic Development.

Boberg also noted the increasing importance of collaborative work in this area.

Patrick received his bachelor's degree in biological sciences from California
State Polytechnic University, a master's degree in community development from
Southern Illinois University, a master's degree in economics from Michigan State
University, and a doctorate in agricultural economics from Michigan State
University.

Patrick plans to leverage his contacts in Extension, particularly with county
Extension agents, to expand access to Arrowhead Center resources. Connections
with these agents, who work directly with people and communities in every county
statewide, will provide Arrowhead Center with firsthand information on needs for
resources and assistance.

"County agents engage daily with farmers, ranchers, business leaders, families,
youth, local officials and community leaders through a broad range of
educational activities to improve the quality of life in their communities,"
Patrick said.

"County agents understand the needs of their communities and are in a unique
position to bring the resources of Arrowhead Center and NMSU's colleges,
departments and student organizations to bear on the economic development
opportunities and challenges of their communities," he added.

Kathy Hansen, director of Arrowhead Center, said the center has looked forward
to partnering with Extension for some time.

"We've enjoyed a solid working relationship with (Extension) for many years, but
having Dr. Patrick on the Arrowhead team will allow us to move several important
initiatives forward," Hansen said.

Arrowhead Center is involved in a number of programs aimed at extending the
organization's business development and innovation resources throughout the
state. For example, Arrowhead is a U.S. Economic Development
Administration-designated University Center for Regional Commercialization,
working with entrepreneurs and small businesses across New Mexico to create and
expand businesses and capitalize on innovative ideas.

Patrick's connections in the state's tribal communities will fuel another
Arrowhead Center emphasis -- bringing entrepreneurial and business development
resources to New Mexico's American Indian population. Patrick is involved in a
number of initiatives with Native American communities, including the Navajo
Nation, Zuni Pueblo, and Southern and Northern Pueblos. Patrick's interests
include local food production and food sustainability, development of a Navajo
farmer and rancher congress, entrepreneurial education for high school seniors
and training for regional economic development planning.

"While we're currently working with clients in 12 of the state's 33 counties
through the University Center, we're hoping to expand our reach significantly in
the coming year," Hansen said. "We're confident that Dr. Patrick's connections
will help us assist more clients in more places."

Arrowhead Center is presently executing grant awards that include increased
involvement in American Indian communities in youth entrepreneurship education,
procuring funding for innovation-based small businesses, and creating and
expanding technology-based entrepreneurial ventures.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: scs


                      Copyright 2015 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                 June 19, 1999

KEEPING A
WATCH TO
BEAT THE
CRIMINALS

BYLINE: Today Marks The Beginning Of National Neighbourhood Watch Week. The Idea
Of Neighbourhood Watch Was Imported To The United Kingdom In 1982, After It Met
With Success In The United States. Evening Telegraph Reporter Malcolm Bradbrook
Speaks To Organisers And Police Officers In Derbyshire To See How Successful
Their Neighbourhood Watch Schemes Have Been In The County.

SECTION: Crime: CRIME PREVENTION - NEIGHBOURHOOD WATCH, Pg.12

LENGTH: 1655 words


THE concept of Neighbourhood Watch revolves around people in a community working
together to reduce crime.

In the past 12 years, 1,477 schemes have sprung up across the county, covering a
total of 110,000 households - nearly a quarter of all homes in Derbyshire.

Work carried out by members varies greatly from scheme to scheme. In inner city
watches, residents may have found themselves focusing on stopping traffic
speeding down residential streets.

In the suburbs, vandalism and the fight against it, occupies a large amount of
the watch's time whereas in rural areas, some schemes have set up watches to
detect and prevent acts of cruelty against animals.

Inspector Howard Frost, who runs Derbyshire police's community safety
department, said: "Neighbourhood Watch is one of the largest and most effective
partnerships we have to reduce crime and the fear of crime.

"It really is a powerful vehicle to get the crime prevention message across and
Derbyshire police supports it fully."

Roy Darlington is employed by the National Neighbourhood Watch Support Group as
Derby's development worker.

His role is to expand the area covered by watches and to act as a focal point
for all the co-ordinators and community police officers.

Mr Darlington said: "I think it's a simple matter of people working hard all of
their life and getting good property around them and then wanting to protect it.

"Neighbourhood Watch is the perfect way to do that. It's a community-led
initiative, which forms a close partnership with the police.

"People can accept responsibility for what is going on in their area and work
together to improve safety within the community."

Each police station in and around the city has a community development officer,
whose role is to liaise with watch co-ordinators to provide an accurate and
up-to-date picture of crime in their areas.

PC Wayne Johnson, Derby's community development officer, said: "I have been
involved with Neighbourhood Watch since the 1980s when I was a beat bobby in
Chellaston.

"I have always supported it because it's a very good method of reducing crime in
the community and it means that resident, police and councils work together in
partnership.

"We now have a lot of watches set up in the city and they are all effective to
some extent.

"It's also a very good social thing because it gets people together to talk
about their area, the problems facing it and possible solutions.

Neighbourhood Watch and the Neighbourhood Watch Support Group is actively
supported by the Government and has received hundreds of thousands of pounds in
National Lottery funding during the past five years.

Paul Boateng, the Government's minister for home affairs, said: "When ordinary
citizens join together to tackle local problems, the results can be
extraordinary.

"I would encourage everyone to contact their nearest scheme and take up the
challenge."

Several initiatives have been introduced in Derbyshire to aid the work of
Neighbourhood Watch.

Last month, Derby and South Derbyshire Neighbourhood Watch won a grant of GBP
1,000 from the Derbyshire Community Foundation to help buy a portable spy-camera
system.

Watch members will be able to hire the camera for between GBP 5 and GBP 10 per
night until they have enough evidence on criminal activity going on in their
area to present to police.

Throughout Neighbourhood Watch week events will be held to encourage people to
mark their property so that if it is stolen and then later recovered by police
it can be recognised and returned to the owner.

Don Dovaston, Deputy Chief Constable of Derbyshire Police, said: "Property
marking is important. It assists on the prevention and detection of crime and
the return of stolen property to the rightful owner.

"Police officers across the county will be advising Neighbourhood Watch members
how to ensure that property is marked by a method that is secure, visible and
leads to the identity of the owner."

Spy cameras helped to

stop library vandalism

IN Etwall, a partnership was formed in an attempt to solve the problem of
continual vandalism attacks on the local library.

Police, South Derbyshire District Council and the Neighbourhood Watch got
together after windows in the library in Main Road were being smashed almost
every month during 1997.

Nothing was ever stolen from the library, but books were swept from the shelves
and tables turned over, leaving librarians with a mess to clean and the building
had to be closed for the morning every time it was done.

In November, security gates were placed at the entrance to the library, but the
vandals simply ripped them out of the wall.

But about a year ago, it was decided that the only way to stop the incidents was
to introduce a hidden spy camera and catch the vandals in the act.

The scheme worked and since the offenders were caught and officially warned
there has been no further problems at the library.

Malcolm Yarnold, secretary of Etwall Neighbourhood Watch, said: "The scheme was
ultimately very successful.

"And I think it perfectly illustrates the way the Neighbourhood Watches, police
and other organisation can work together."

'People think it is nosey, but it can be very helpful'

PAT Godfrey set up Enfield Road Neighbourhood Watch in Mackworth Estate, five
years ago and believes its most important aspect is community spirit.

The 63-year-old writes a monthly newsletter for the 80 households on her beat
and regularly liaises with community police officers about crime trends.

Mrs Godfrey encourages all of the residents around Enfield Road to inform their
immediate neighbours when they are going on holiday, so that someone can keep an
eye on their property.

Over the next seven days, Mrs Godfrey will have a property marking device at her
home at Enfield Road so that all the residents in her area can mark videos,
bicycles and any other items with their postcode and house humber.

Each month, the community safety police officer, PC Derek Lilley, provides Mrs
Godfrey with a breakdown of all crime in the area.

In an average month, crimes will include house break-ins, vandalism, theft of
cars and from cars, and strangers spotted loitering in the area.

This enables her to inform people what exactly they should be on the lookout for
and what special precautions they may need to take.

Mrs Godfrey said: "My main role as co-ordinator is to get people in the area
talking to each other so that they can be vigilant. It really is a community
based thing and relies upon good communication between each other.

"I think some people think it is just an excuse to be nosey but it really can be
helpful and save people a lot of heartache.

"The biggest problem we have in this area is children between the ages of about
10 and 16, who are perhaps not attending school and just hanging around in the
street.

"If we see that sort of thing we can pass it on to the police officers who will
increase their patrols and contact local schools to inform them of the problem."

%To find out more about Mrs Godfrey's Neighbourhood Watch Scheme call Derby
519400.

Guidelines for better security

1) Property mark all valuable possessions with your postcode and house number.

2) Take photographs of all valuables to help identify them and recover them in
case of theft.

3) Fit locks to ground floor windows and doors. Householders should paying
particular attention to the rear of the property.

4) Use secure locks on upstairs windows that could be easily accessed by
opportunist burglars.

5) Before leaving the property, make sure that all doors and windows are locked.

6) Never leave keys in obvious places, such as under the doormat or in a plant
pot.

7) Remember to remove all keys from locked windows and keep them in a safe
place, out of sight and reach.

8) It is advisable to get all locks fitted by a qualified locksmith or at least
ensure that full instructions for fitting are supplied when buying the security
products.

9) For extra security, sophisticated security devices are available such as
exterior lighting and burglar alarms.

PROPERTY

MARKING

A VARIETY of events have been planned across Derbyshire for the Neighbourhood
Watch Week with the emphasis on the theme of property marking.

All items of property should be marked with the owner's postcode and the number
of the house and there will be a large number of centres which will offer the
service free of charge.

Inspector John Stamp, of Derby Police, said: "With the huge amount of domestic
property stolen last year, much can still be done to reduce and detect crime by
marking all property or photographing possessions.

"We are working with the Watch Support Group and jointly have provided a
property marking kit free of charge to more than 600 neighbourhood watches in
the area.

"A possible 15,000 households could benefit from the scheme."

Events

Today: Motor World, Nottingham Road, Derby - property marking for vehicle audio
equipment, between 10am and 4pm.

Lloyds Bike Shop, West Street, Swadlincote - cycle marking, between 10 and and
3pm.

Monday: South Derbyshire District Council Offices, Civic Way, Swadlincote -
Derby and South Derbyshire Neighbourhood Watch Open meeting, beginning at 7pm.

Tuesday: Housing Office, Brook Street, Derby - property marking by West End
Neighbourhood Watch, between 10am and noon.

Melbourne Junior School, Packhorse Road - cycle marking, between 10am and noon.

Wednesday: Stockbrook Housing Office, Stockbrook Street, Derby - property
marking, between 10am and noon.

Thursday: Derby Playhouse, Theatre Walk, Eagle Centre, Derby - Bombs and suspect
packages seminar for retail traders, beginning at 9.30am.

Friday: RSPCA, Abbey Street, Derby - Animal's collar marking and general pet
advice, between 10.30am and 12.30pm and 2pm and 4.30pm.

Saturday: Rowditch Allotments, Uttoxeter Road, Derby - property marking, between
10am and 2pm.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: BEATING THE CRIMINALS: A bike is post coded with a marker pen to deter
thieves who might attempt to steal it. Librarian Linda Bell, who was fed up with
vandalism at the library before CCTV was used. An ultra-violet light is used to
identify a post coded item.

                     Copyright 1999 Derby Evening Telegraph


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

ART REACHES 'ACROSS THE TRACKS'

BYLINE: Amanda Jenkins, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 923 words


Sept. 03--All local artists and artisans are invited to enter their creations,
new or existing, in a visual art exhibition with the Wilson Community
Improvement Association. Applications will be accepted between now and Sept. 13
at the WCIA office at 504 E. Green St. The major kick-off event for the arts and
cultural project, called Across the Tracks, will be a meet and greet reception
at the offices of WCIA on Sept. 13 from 3 to 5 p.m.

Applicants and the general public are invited to attend, and refreshments will
be served. The accepted artwork will be displayed as part of the Whirligig
Festival, taking place on Nov. 7, and tentatively at a spring art exhibit.

"We see this as a different way to bring the community together," said Barbara
Blackston, executive director of WCIA.

Youth in the community are also encouraged to make whirligigs out of recycled
materials at the Whirligig Conservation Building. Blackston said a pattern has
been developed from a soda pop bottle and a clothes hanger for the whirligigs.
Youth will have access to materials to adorn their whirligig with paint, stones
or other decorations.

Interested citizens will be asked to sign up for the art project at the
reception. At that time, WCIA will collect contact information, area of
artistry, the planned creation and any needed supplies.

WCIA has already started receiving artwork. Louis Thomas III, a childhood friend
of Blackston's and a graphic artist, dropped off a couple of pieces of his work.
Thomas also brought with him Frans Van Baars who had several of his paintings
for them to display. They also have received a pen and ink drawing from Anthony
Hoskins of the Gee Corbett Village Senior Center walking club.

"This is so exciting! I really would love to fill the building with community
art!" Blackston said.

"I don't know how we need to stress to the community that we are looking for
experienced and aspiring artists as well."

Artwork accepted will include different categories including oil, acrylic,
watercolor and pastel paintings; printmaking; textiles; drawing; photography;
graphics; fiber; sculpture; metals; ceramics; and even culinary art. WCIA is
hoping to provide limited support to the artists with some supplies and
transportation as needed. Their hope is that everyone is included that wants to
participate by helping with art supplies.

WCIA recently received a grant from Rural Local Initiatives Support Corporation,
an intermediary from Washington, D.C., to participate in Creative Placemaking
activities, such as the Across the Tracks ongoing initiative.

Creative Placemaking animates public and private spaces, rejuvenates structures
and streetscapes, improves local business viability and public safety, and
brings diverse people together to celebrate, inspire and be inspired. The aim is
to help with art and cultural and economic development in the community. A
representative from LISC will attend the event at the festival.

WCIA hopes to follow this initial project as artistic and cultural activities
become a part of the neighborhood, spurring economic development and stronger
social bonds for revitalizing distressed neighborhoods.

Other WCIA activities during the Whirligig Festival will include a free guided
tour of historic East Wilson and a dramatic skit of "O. Nestus Freeman Meets
Vollis Simpson." Freeman was the creator and builder of the Roundhouse, and
Simpson was the local whirligig artist. A WCIA booth will be represented by
Barbara Blackston.

Blackston has worked with WCIA for over 20 years, and her mother, Fannie
Corbett, led a small group of neighborhood residents to form WCIA nearly 50
years ago. Blackston has been part of the organization even before working
there. The association started during a civil rights movement and has evolved
into a diverse community improvement organization.

Partnering with other businesses, they have developed a senior center, served as
a building and business incubator, provided over 150 units of affordable
housing, and provided the Charles Resource Center through their different
programs.

Since WCIA is already working on housing and other community development issues
in Wilson and surrounding areas, the Creative Placemaking and arts and cultural
element of community development must become a part of the larger neighborhood
revitalization strategy. The arts project is a new avenue for WCIA.

"We've always been bold at taking chances," Blackston said. It is nothing new
for them to pursue new adventures. They have developed their first single family
subdivision that is named "New Adventure."

Following the Whirligig Festival exhibit, tentative plans are in the making for
a permanent "Across the Tracks" artists studio with WCIA planning to form a
steering committee to continue the work of the artistic activities beginning
with the work displayed by artists at the festival in November.

Information about the event is available at the offices of WCIA, the Oliver
Nestus Freeman Round House Museum, Wilson Visitors Center, Opportunities
Industrialization Center and the Chamber of Commerce.

For more information, the public is invited to contact WCIA at 243-4855. As with
other projects, the organization needs volunteers and partners for this art
initiative. They also need clean 2-liter soda pop bottles with tops for the
inter-generational project for the youth and older adults making whirligigs.

___ (c)2015 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150903-ZW-ART-REACHES-ACROSS-THE-TRACKS-0903-20150903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2015 The Wilson Daily Times


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     October 27, 2011 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Albuquerque Business Incubator Launches Platform Allowing Emerging Entrepreneurs
to Collaborate on Marketing and Co-Distribution Efforts

LENGTH: 719  words


New Delhi, Oct. 27 -- Rio Grande Community Development Corporation issued the
following news release:

Today, Citi Community Development and the Albuquerque-based Rio Grande Community
Development Corporation (RGCDC) announced that they will work together to launch
"Los Mercados: Collaboration for Small Business," an innovative program that
will enable start-up food-service entrepreneurs in the Albuquerque area to
increase market penetration through peer collaboration.

Small businesses are a major economic force in New Mexico, comprising 96.2% of
the state's employers. However, the odds are stacked against them, with U.S.
Small Business Administration (SBA) figures showing that 50% of small businesses
nationwide fail within the first five years.

The Los Mercados program will provide a platform, housed within the South Valley
Economic Development Center (the RGCDC's existing, full-service small business
incubator), that will assist with bringing individual "mom and pop" businesses
together to go to market as a collective so that they can achieve broad product
distribution that would otherwise be extremely difficult. The program, which
will also help participants develop marketing tactics and establish prudent
financial management practices, will allow entrepreneurs to work together to
scale their individual enterprises, grow their incomes, and create sustainable,
job-generating businesses.

"This first-of-its-kind program helps underserved entrepreneurs surmount a
competitive disadvantage they experience in either starting a business or
keeping their doors open, and it is in line with New Mexico's efforts to move
those who are economically vulnerable to self-sufficiency and on to a brighter
future," said Jon Barela, Secretary of Economic Development for the State of New
Mexico. "Further, the importance of the program's job creation potential cannot
be overstated in the current economic climate."

Supporters of the initiative point to data from the National Business Incubation
Association (NBIA) that shows that businesses that take advantage of incubation
programs are 87% more likely to stay in business. Los Mercados adds a new
dimension to traditional incubation strategies by serving not only individual
entrepreneurs, but by pooling complimentary businesses to create shared value
and increased the likelihood for long-term success.

To support the new initiative, Citi Community Development is providing a
$115,000 grant which is being matched by the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
provide funding for rural businesses to enter the incubator program. The State
of New Mexico, local governments, Whole Foods and major regional retailers will
also provide support for the program.

According to the NBIA, for every 50 jobs created by an incubator client,
approximately 25 additional jobs are generated in the same community. In its
first year alone, the Los Mercados program is projected to enable 120
underserved entrepreneurs to expand into markets they otherwise would not have
been able to reach and will create jobs for approximately 80 New Mexico
residents. Participants in the program primarily serve the South Valley of
Albuquerque, a largely low-income community with an average household income of
$36,856 -- 25% lower than the greater Albuquerque area and 31% lower than New
Mexico's median income.

"Scalability and replicability in other markets are key aspects of this
program," said Debbie Taylor, Southwest Region Director for Citi Community
Development. "Our hope is that incubators in other markets across the country
will be able to learn from the South Valley Economic Development Center's model.
We'd like to see similar programs launched that will make it easier for
individual entrepreneurs to work together to rapidly grow their businesses and
generate additional income and jobs in their regions."

"Even with appropriate planning and management, underserved entrepreneurs often
can't compete successfully because of inadequate marketing and distribution
channels," said Tony Gallegos, CEO of the Rio Grande Community Development
Corporation. "The collaborative model of this innovative new program and
built-in the peer-to-peer support structure will provide more of our client
businesses with opportunities to grow."

Source: Rio Grande Community Development Corporation

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2011 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            January 26, 2007 Friday

SPECIAL FEATURE: australia day;
Promoting infrastructure, growth, and stability

SECTION: Pg. S4/2

LENGTH: 649 words


Australia has a long-standing partnership and development cooperation program
with the Philippines, believing that its mutual interests are best served by a
peaceful, stable, and prosperous partner-country.

Since the 1950s, Australia has been supporting the Philippines' efforts to
reduce poverty and achieve sustainable development, contributing positively to
the lives of millions of Filipinos.

Managed by the Australian Agency for International Development (AusAID),
assistance extended in the past decade has amounted to over 500 million
Australian dollars. Estimated total aid flows to the Philippines for 2006 to
2007 is 70 million Australian dollars, making Australia one of the top four
bilateral grant aid donors to the Philippines, along with the United States,
Japan, and the European community. Australian funding is on 100% grant basis.

Australian aid to the Philippines has been directed in a variety of ways:
community development projects; improved teaching and learning of core subjects
in basic education; an enhanced delivery of and access to basic services by the
rural poor, especially in education and health; support for improving livelihood
and agriculture; and promotion of peace and development initiatives.

In selected areas, Australia combines its efforts with other donor- partners
such as the World Bank, Asian Development Bank (ADB), and United Nations (UN)
development agencies to maximize impact. Australian aid is also delivered
directly to Filipino communities through local non- governmental organizations.

Intensified global aid

Australia has committed to double its global aid program by 2010. And because
the two countries are strong regional partners in the Asia-Pacific, Australia's
development cooperation program with the Philippines will thus be intensified
and further expanded to better respond to and address core development
challenges.

On the international level, a major focus of AusAID is on infrastructure
development. This is anchored on the belief that infrastructure is crucial to
economic growth, poverty reduction, and achievement of the Millennium
Development Goals.

In Asia, rapid population growth and urbanization threaten to aggravate
infrastructure bottlenecks.

The World Bank estimates that $270US billion per year over the next five years
is required to overcome critical infrastructure constraints in East Asia.

In addition, there is a need in the Pacific region for equal access to public
infrastructure in remote, rural environments where 80% of the population lives
without roads and electricity.

AusAID's provision of assets such as roads, telecommunications, and power
improves market access and makes trade easier. It enables the delivery of water,
education and health services, and provides the basis for rural and industrial
development.

And because a poor investment climate retards infrastructure development for
many countries, Australian expertise will also help establish policies, reduce
corruption, and encourage public_private partnerships.

The importance of aid

Australia will also play a role in financing projects which offer significant
development impacts. Already in Papua New Guinea, Australia is supporting the
maintenance of key economic roads, including the Highlands Highway, which has
halved travel time between Lae and Goroka.

In his address to the 61st Session of the UN General Assembly last year,
Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs Alexander Downer spoke of the importance
of aid. Last year, he said, Australia committed itself to doubling its annual
aid budget to about $4US billion a year by 2010.

"Australia has sharpened the focus of its development assistance program on
supporting good governance, basic social services, and security in developing
countries," Mr. Downer said in his speech. "In the South Pacific, we will
sponsor new programs to train people in technical and entrepreneurial skills."

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

ADB, Japan Support Poor Afghan Communities with Better Irrigation

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 191

LENGTH: 356  words


The Asian Development Bank (ADB) and Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction (JFPR)
will grant $10 million to Afghanistan to improve livelihoods and boost crop
yields in poor rural communities.

This new irrigation project in northern Afghanistan will rehabilitate at least
120 small scale irrigation systems and the project will take place in the
provinces of Baghlan, Balkh, Ghor and Samangan and involve close cooperation
with communities to tap their labour and local knowledge.

"Irrigation is crucial for improving livelihoods and achieving financial
security of rural households. Women must be included since they do much of the
field work in northern provinces," said Randall Jones, Natural Resources and
Agriculture Economist in ADB's Central and West Asia Department.

Years of conflict and neglect have Afghanistan's irrigation systems rundown and
inefficient, with water available only intermittently. Physical upgrades will
allow water to be used more efficiently and intensively, with the goal of
boosting agricultural output in each target province by 5% and expanding
cultivation areas for each irrigation system by 10%.  Improving irrigation
systems will sharply reduce the need to engage in the daily back-breaking task
of collecting water for fields and livestock.

Local community development councils will be tapped to provide unskilled labour
and project materials will be purchased locally, where possible. Training will
be given in areas such as modern agricultural production techniques, water
management and operation of irrigation systems, with women centrally involved.
Meetings with women's 'shuras', community decision making groups which are
highly respected in the north of the country, will also be held to encourage
female participation.

The project will build on a previous, successful JFPR-funded initiative for
community-based upgrades of irrigation systems in rural areas, but will target
new provinces. It will also complement ADB's ongoing Water Resources Development
Investment Program in Afghanistan, which focuses on larger scale sector
improvements.  The project is scheduled to run for four years through 2016.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

ADB, Japan Support Poor Afghan Communities with Better Irrigation

LENGTH: 356  words


The Asian Development Bank (ADB) and Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction (JFPR)
will grant $10 million to Afghanistan to improve livelihoods and boost crop
yields in poor rural communities.

This new irrigation project in northern Afghanistan will rehabilitate at least
120 small scale irrigation systems and the project will take place in the
provinces of Baghlan, Balkh, Ghor and Samangan and involve close cooperation
with communities to tap their labour and local knowledge.

"Irrigation is crucial for improving livelihoods and achieving financial
security of rural households. Women must be included since they do much of the
field work in northern provinces," said Randall Jones, Natural Resources and
Agriculture Economist in ADB's Central and West Asia Department.

Years of conflict and neglect have Afghanistan's irrigation systems rundown and
inefficient, with water available only intermittently. Physical upgrades will
allow water to be used more efficiently and intensively, with the goal of
boosting agricultural output in each target province by 5% and expanding
cultivation areas for each irrigation system by 10%.  Improving irrigation
systems will sharply reduce the need to engage in the daily back-breaking task
of collecting water for fields and livestock.

Local community development councils will be tapped to provide unskilled labour
and project materials will be purchased locally, where possible. Training will
be given in areas such as modern agricultural production techniques, water
management and operation of irrigation systems, with women centrally involved.
Meetings with women's 'shuras', community decision making groups which are
highly respected in the north of the country, will also be held to encourage
female participation.

The project will build on a previous, successful JFPR-funded initiative for
community-based upgrades of irrigation systems in rural areas, but will target
new provinces. It will also complement ADB's ongoing Water Resources Development
Investment Program in Afghanistan, which focuses on larger scale sector
improvements.  The project is scheduled to run for four years through 2016.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

ADB, Japan Support Poor Afghan Communities with Better Irrigation

SECTION: Vol. 17 No. 191

LENGTH: 356  words


The Asian Development Bank (ADB) and Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction (JFPR)
will grant $10 million to Afghanistan to improve livelihoods and boost crop
yields in poor rural communities.

This new irrigation project in northern Afghanistan will rehabilitate at least
120 small scale irrigation systems and the project will take place in the
provinces of Baghlan, Balkh, Ghor and Samangan and involve close cooperation
with communities to tap their labour and local knowledge.

"Irrigation is crucial for improving livelihoods and achieving financial
security of rural households. Women must be included since they do much of the
field work in northern provinces," said Randall Jones, Natural Resources and
Agriculture Economist in ADB's Central and West Asia Department.

Years of conflict and neglect have Afghanistan's irrigation systems rundown and
inefficient, with water available only intermittently. Physical upgrades will
allow water to be used more efficiently and intensively, with the goal of
boosting agricultural output in each target province by 5% and expanding
cultivation areas for each irrigation system by 10%.  Improving irrigation
systems will sharply reduce the need to engage in the daily back-breaking task
of collecting water for fields and livestock.

Local community development councils will be tapped to provide unskilled labour
and project materials will be purchased locally, where possible. Training will
be given in areas such as modern agricultural production techniques, water
management and operation of irrigation systems, with women centrally involved.
Meetings with women's 'shuras', community decision making groups which are
highly respected in the north of the country, will also be held to encourage
female participation.

The project will build on a previous, successful JFPR-funded initiative for
community-based upgrades of irrigation systems in rural areas, but will target
new provinces. It will also complement ADB's ongoing Water Resources Development
Investment Program in Afghanistan, which focuses on larger scale sector
improvements.  The project is scheduled to run for four years through 2016.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

Here's how President Trump's proposed budget hikes and spending cuts might
affect Utah;
Spending plan  Hill Air Force Base may get more jets and more cash -- but grant
-dependent organizations such as schools and transit, wouldn't fare as well.

BYLINE: By Thomas Burr And Courtney Tanner The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: UTAH NEWS; Politics

LENGTH: 1422 words


Washington President Donald Trump unveiled a budget Thursday that would boost
funding for the military, homeland security and veterans but cut deeply into
education, health, environmental protection, housing, programs that help rural
areas and the poor, as well as diplomacy and foreign aid.

Closer to home, the president's budget would order up more F-35 Joint Strike
Fighters, housed at Hill Air Force Base, at the same time eliminating funding
for a rural air service, community block grants and transportation money that
has helped several Utah projects in the past.

The budget blueprint, a 64-page document that includes essentially talking
points but few details, also would slash money for Amtrak service in the West,
funding for land acquisition and a weatherization program for the needy. It also
would zero out federal funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.

The White House pitched the budget as a tough-but-needed effort to rein in
government spending while focusing efforts on defense and core federal programs.
Three departments -- Defense, Homeland Security and Veterans Affairs -- would
see big budget increases while 15 others face drastic cuts.

"This is the 'America First' budget," said Mick Mulvaney, director of the White
House Office of Management and Budget. "In fact, we wrote it using the
president's own words. We went through his speeches, we went through articles
that have been written about his policies, we talked to him, and we wanted to
know what his policies were, and we turned those policies into numbers. So you
have an 'America First' candidate, you have an 'America First' budget."

The budget, though, isn't likely to be adopted across the board on Capitol Hill,
where spending priorities differ from the White House. Congress traditionally
writes its own budget -- or in recent years, passes updated versions of previous
budgets -- but does not rely on the president's plan.

Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, praised the president's blueprint, calling it a "solid
step" toward slowing spending that is driving the national debt higher.

"Many of the programs eliminated by Trump's budget can and should be financed by
state and local entities, and Trump should be commended for making some of the
tough calls necessary to move our country in a direction of solvency, with the
principle of federalism in mind," Lee said, adding that while foreign
investments are often "noble," the focus should be on pressing domestic needs.

While the president's budget message touts his plan as one that doesn't expand
the federal deficit, it doesn't shrink it either -- plowing all of the savings
from program cuts into defense and security increases, including initial money
for a border wall between the United States and Mexico and restoring funds to
license Yucca Mountain in Nevada as a storage site for high-level nuclear waste.

As part of Trump's budget, the Air Force fleet would add F-35 Joint Strike
Fighters, although no numbers are spelled out, to "counter the growing number of
complex threats from sophisticated state actors and transnational terrorist
groups."

The F-35 is the Pentagon's most expensive weapons program ever, with the
fighters -- even with higher-volume production cost savings -- going for just
under $100 million per copy.

Rep. Rob Bishop, R-Utah, applauded the budget as containing "bold and creative
solutions."

"This framework is a positive start," he said in a statement. "I look forward to
building on these ideas through the budget process and our committee's work."

In other ways, though, the budget would divert federal money flows that directly
impact Utah as Trump proposes eliminating many federal grant programs -- a move
that could starve subsidy-based initiatives for art, research and low-income
housing. Education programs and transit projects could also take hits.

Margaret Peterson, who directs after-school programming for 23 public schools in
West Valley City, cringes at the president's call to kill the 21st Century
Community Learning Centers program, which supports academic enrichment for
primarily low-income students.

The West Valley City school programs that Peterson oversees have collectively
received roughly $850,000 each year from the federal program since 2009, with
the money going toward tutoring, parenting classes and juvenile-delinquency
prevention workshops for the 5,000 students who participate. Without the
funding, those after-school initiatives would evaporate and 350 employees, she
said, would lose their jobs.

Statewide, some $2 million annually funnels through the program.

"The impact of losing these funds is devastating," Peterson warned.

Peterson is supposed to renew the grant applications for four of the schools by
May 23, but isn't sure it's worthwhile to continue the process if the education
grants are eliminated. Trump's budget suggests that the after-school programs
lack "strong evidence of meeting objectives, such as improving student
achievement" and would save $1.2 billion if cut.

"Our outcomes are all double-digit improvements in grades, test scores,
behavior, staying in school, attendance during school [and] graduation,"
Peterson countered.

Airports in rural areas of the state, as well as Utah Transit Authority (UTA)
transportation projects, could also be stymied by reductions outlined in the
initial budget.

Judd Hill, manager of Moab's Canyonlands Field Airport, said the president's
proposal to cut the Essential Air Service program could impact flights and
tourism near Arches and Canyonlands national parks. The program provides for
subsidized contracts between the federal government and air carriers so that
rural airports could maintain flights after airline deregulation in the 1970s.

Cutting the program would mean carriers could decide not to service smaller
airports and ticket prices would likely rise.

"It's disheartening to hear," Hill said.

Trump's budget suggests most of the communities that take part in Essential Air
Service contracts "are relatively close to major airports" or other "existing
modes of transportation." That's not the case in Moab.

The proposal suggests the cut would net $175 million in savings.

Another transit-targeted elimination is the Transportation Investment Generating
Economic Recovery grant program, known as TIGER, which funds road, rail and port
projects. UTA received $20 million from the program in 2016 for walking, biking
and air-quality improvements to its system.

That money has yet to be awarded, though UTA spokesman Remi Barron said the
Trump administration would likely not retroactively repeal it.

"The president's budget indicates an intent to honor existing commitments,"
Barron added. "We are hopeful he will honor TIGER funding commitments as well."

A $27 million TIGER grant also funded the agency's Sugar House Streetcar line,
with additional money from Salt Lake City and Salt Lake County. Barron said the
agency won't be impacted by the cut because it has no "future projects in the
pipeline" for grant applications.

Trump's budget anticipates saving $499 million with the elimination and proposes
that transit projects are "generally eligible for funding under existing surface
transportation formula programs."


tburr@sltrib.com

ctanner@sltrib.com

@thomaswburr

@CourtneyLTanner --

The president's plans, if adopted, would:

Cut the Water and Wastewater loan and grant program that helps rural
communities.

Reduce staffing at the Agriculture Department's Service Center Agencies in rural
areas.

Eliminate the Rural Business and Cooperative Service.

Eliminate the 21st Century Community Learning Centers program that supports
before- and after-school programs.

Restore money to license Nevada's Yucca Mountain to store spent nuclear material
after Congress had voted to kill the project.

Cut the Weatherization Assistance Program and the State Energy Program that are
aimed at helping needy Americans.

Support community health care centers and the Indian Health Service.

Drop the Community Services Block Grant from the Health and Human Services
Department.

Raise airline passenger fees to pay more for TSA operations.

Eliminate the Community Development Block Grant that is aimed at helping
communities with expensive projects.

Boost funding for the National Park Service's maintenance backlog but reduces
further construction money.

Reduce subsidies for Amtrak service outside the Northeast corridor and
state-supported lines.

Eliminate the Essential Air Service that helps subsidize commercial air travel
in rural areas.

Drop funding for TIGER grants that go to transit projects.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Krant


                      Copyright 2017 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 17, 2017 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

Refashioned with broad strokes

BYLINE: Andrew Taylor

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1212 words


WASHINGTON President Donald Trump's new $1.15 trillion budget would reshape
America's government with the conservative promises he made as a candidate,
ordering generous increases for the military, slashing domestic programs and
riling Republicans and Democrats by going after favored programs.

The president's initial budget proposal, submitted to Congress on Thursday,
would boost defense spending by $52 billion, the largest increase since Ronald
Reagan's military buildup of the 1980s. That means deep cuts elsewhere the
environment, agriculture, the arts but Trump said that's imperative to take on
the Islamic State group and others in a dangerous world.

"To keep Americans safe, we have made the tough choices that have been put off
for too long," he declared in a statement titled "America First" that
accompanied the budget.

Or, as Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said, "This is a hard power budget, not a
soft power budget."

It's not entirely in line with Trump's campaign pledges.

It would make a big down payment on the U.S. Mexico border wall, which Trump
repeatedly promised that Mexico would pay for. American taxpayers will, at least
for now. Thursday's proposal calls for an immediate $1.4 billion infusion with
an additional $2.6 billion planned for the 2018 budget year starting Oct. 1.

Parts of Trump's spending plan for the next fiscal year angered congressional
Democrats and Republicans who will have the final say on it.

While it targets Democratic priorities such as housing, community development
and the environment, it also would slash GOP sacred cows like aid to rural
schools and subsidized airline service to Trump strongholds, and it would raise
fees on participants in the federal flood insurance program.

The budget pursues frequent targets of the GOP's staunchest conservatives,
eliminating the National Endowment for the Arts, legal aid for the poor, low
income heating assistance and the AmeriCorps national service program
established by President Bill Clinton.

But Midwestern Republicans including Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio were upset by cuts
to the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative. Southern Republicans like Rep. Hal
Rogers of Kentucky lashed out at cuts he called "draconian, careless and
counterproductive."

Agriculture Department

Down 20.7 percent

The budget would reduce spending on National Forest land acquisition, rural
water infrastructure and statistical capabilities at the department. It also
proposes reduced staff in county USDA offices, an idea that fell flat in
Congress when Barack Obama proposed a similar reduction.

The budget would eliminate the International Food for Education and Child
Nutrition Program, which uses U.S. agricultural commodities and other financial
assistance to support school feeding and child nutrition projects around the
world, particularly for girls.

Department of Commerce

Down 15.7 percent

Eliminates more than $250 million in National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration grants, including the National Sea Grant College Program that
helps coastal communities adapt to climate change, maintain healthy water and
fisheries and curb invasive species.

Defense Department

Up about 10 percent

Defense spending rises by $52 billion, with extra money going to accelerate the
war against the Islamic State and address insufficient weapons stocks, personnel
gaps, deferred maintenance and cyber vulnerabilities. An additional $2 billion
would be used for nuclear weapons.

Department of Education

Down 13.5 percent

The proposed budget would slash department funding by $9.2 billion from this
year's $68.2 billion, a major cut unseen in recent years. The administration is
proposing to allocate an additional $1.4 billion for school choice programs.

Department of Energy

Down 5.6 percent

Trump's budget would hike spending for the National Nuclear Security
Administration, which is responsible for maintaining the nuclear stockpile, by
11 percent, while cutting other energy spending by nearly 18 percent. The budget
seeks $120 million to revive the mothballed Yucca Mountain nuclear waste
repository, which is hugely unpopular in Nevada and was largely stopped by the
efforts of former Democratic Sen. Harry Reid.

EPA

Down 31.4 percent

Trump's proposal would slash spending for environmental protection by nearly
$2.6 billion, or 31 percent, one of the biggest cuts in the president's budget.
More than 3,000 EPA workers would lose their jobs, and programs such as Obama's
Clean Power Plan which would tighten regulations on emissions from coal fired
power plants that contribute to global warming would be eliminated.

Health and Human Services

Down 18 percent

The budget plan would cut $5.8 billion from the nearly $32 billion National
Institutes of Health, the nation's premier medical research agency, or roughly
18 percent. NIH's budget hasn't kept pace with inflation over the past decade,
making it much harder for scientists around the country to win funding for
research projects into potential new treatments or better understanding of
disease.

Homeland Security

Up 6.8 percent

President Trump's budget asks for a total increase of about $2.8 billion. That
includes a request for $2.6 billion to start Trump's border wall.

The president also wants Congress to approve an extra $1.5 billion for
Immigration and Customs Enforcement to spend on finding, jailing and deporting
immigrants who are in the country illegally.

Housing and Urban Development

Down 13.2 percent

The budget would eliminate the Community Development Block Grant program, a $3
billion effort that funds local improvement efforts.

Interior Department

Down 11.7 percent

The budget calls for cutting $120 million in spending on land purchases with a
focus on using available funds to maintain existing parks and wildlife refuges.

NASA

Down 0.8 percent

Eliminates Obama's asteroid redirect mission that would have used a robotic
probe to grab a chunk of an asteroid, bring it close to the moon and send
astronauts to explore it.

Labor

Down 20.7 percent

Although Trump has said he'd advocate for U.S. workers, his budget would
eliminate the $434 million Senior Community Service Employment Program, which,
according to the Labor Department website, has helped more than 1 million
Americans over age 55 find work.

State Department

Down 28.7 percent

Reduces funding to the United Nations and its affiliated agencies, and caps
American contributions to U.N. peacekeeping missions at 25 percent of the total
costs, cuts funding to the World Bank and multilateral development banks,
includes $2.2 billion for new embassy construction and maintenance, retains $3.1
billion in Israel aid, shifts some foreign military assistance from grants to
loans.

Transportation

Down 12.7 percent

Calls for taking responsibility for air traffic control operations away from the
Federal Aviation Administration.

Treasury

Down 4.4 percent

After years of budget cuts, the IRS budget would be reduced again, by $239
million from this year. The IRS budget is down about $1 billion from its height
in 2010.

Veterans Affairs

Up 5.9 percent

The budget proposes an increase of more than $4 billion to strengthen medical
care at more than 1,200 VA facilities serving more than 9 million enrolled
veterans as the Department of Veterans Affairs broadens its health network to
include outside community providers.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             March 25, 2011 Friday

Warren Buffett Effect: GMR's founder GM Rao pledges Rs 1,540 crore, others to
follow suit

BYLINE: Sobia Khan

SECTION: CORPORATE TRENDS

LENGTH: 746 words


BANGALORE: Either Warren Buffett has tapped into a hitherto latent trend among
corporate bigwigs, or the top decks of business houses are suddenly realising
the need to be philanthropic.

On Tuesday, 60-year-old Grandhi Mallikarjuna Rao, founder of Bangalore-based
infrastructure firm GMR Group pledged 1,540 crore ($340 million) to create an
endowment for humanitarian activities.

Rao's gesture came on the day that Buffett began his India trip in Bangalore.
Since then corporate chieftains who have been lying low in terms of "giving"
have unveiled philanthropy initiatives.

Rajesh Mehta of jewellery firm Rajesh Exports, which had 18,500 crore of
revenues in 2010, believes that his firm has not been doing enough of charity.
But having heard Buffett's wake-up call he would now look to spend around 5% of
company earnings into charity. The company has been spending modestly on
education of under-privileged kids but would now look to ramp this up.

The 30,000-crore Shriram Group which is known for its contribution towards
corporate social responsibility is also asking its partners to chip in with
sizeable contribution.

The South-based group's founder chairman, R Thiagarajan who is an admirer of
Warren Buffett and Bill Gates, says, "I am insisting all the 32 group partners
of the Shriram group earmark a significant portion of their personal wealth for
the cause".

"Certainly, I expect Warren Buffett and Bill Gates to have an influence on rich
Indian businessmen and CEOs and inspire them to give more from their individual
wealth for community development," Thiagarajan said. "I am influenced by the
high philanthropy of both of them and spending a lot from my personal wealth for
education," he added.

On her contribution to charity, Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, CMD of Biocon, said: "Most
of my dividends ever since Biocon went public have been invested in
philanthropy, which is around 40-50 crore. This year I want to set up a cancer
insurance fund. I am still trying to work it out. I am very committed to
philanthropy particularly in creating affordable healthcare models."

Together with Dr Devi Shetty founder of Narayana Hrudayalaya hospital, in her
personal capacity Shaw has set up the Mazumdar Shaw Cancer centre and Arogya
Raksha Yojana Trust with the vision of establishing equal opportunities for
quality medical care. Shaw has also been focused on rural education, publishing
mathematic text books for rural children from class I to class X.

GMR boss Rao has committed his funds to the Group's charitable wing GMR
Varalakshmi Foundation, which is present at 22 locations across India and
abroad. It focuses on education and vocational training for the underprivileged.

"The utilisation of these funds depends upon the requirements of the GMR
Varalakshmi Foundation and will be released in tranches. This wealth would be
utilised to fund activities of the foundation over a period of time as and when
required," Rao said.

The infusion of wealth will help Varalakshmi Foundation expand its activities.
The foundation started out in the fields of education and social awareness but
has expanded its activities to community development and other activities.

The grant is equivalent to Rao's personal share in the entire business. Total
family wealth in GMR Infra is 71%. This amounts to 389 crore shares which is the
total share capital. Out of this, 276 crore shares is the family's share
capital.

GM Rao's share in this amounts to 12.5% of 276 crore shares or 34.5 crore
shares. Shares of the company Wednesday ended at 37.35 on the Bombay Stock
Exchange, valuing Rao's stake at 1,288.60 crore.

Business magazine Forbes estimates Rao's net worth to be around $2.6 billion. In
comparison, Gates has a net worth of $56 billion while Buffett is worth $50
billion.

Terming the charity decision even more satisfying than winning the bid for the
New Delhi international airport Terminal-3 project, Rao said he would like to
thank all those who had made such a move possible. "I deem it as God's
greatness, who has given my family and me this opportunity to give back to the
society," Rao noted.

Hoping that the foundation would continue to focus on spreading education and
vocational training to provide sustainable livelihood to the people, Rao said
the foundation would also channelise youth towards entrepreneurship. "This is in
consonance with the group's business philosophy of keeping nation-building
before any other consideration," Rao added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

Grant will help fund bike parking lot

BYLINE: Debbie Blank, The Herald-Tribune, Batesville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 532 words


July 11--Ten Hoosier communities, including Batesville, will receive grants for
downtown revitalization projects totaling $95,312, Lt. Gov. Sue Ellspermann has
announced.

Batesville Main Street and the city of Batesville was awarded $5,659 for a
streetscape project that will include benches, planters and bike racks,
according to a news release from the Indiana Office of Community and Rural
Affairs, which funds the grants.

"It's a matching grant," Batesville community development director Sarah Lamping
noted. The $5,659 will be matched by the city and undisclosed dollars
contributed by Margaret Mary Health.

Ellspermann pointed out, "Reviving and enhancing our downtowns are important
elements in an economic development strategy. With these grants, Indiana Main
Street communities can undertake projects that will make a big impact on their
local downtown districts."

Lamping explained, "We are going to create a bike parking lot in our downtown.
We are working with a design committee" to finalize the location.

In addition to space to lock eight to 10 bikes, the 1,024-square-foot lot will
contain a kiosk with a downtown map, plus trail and bike maps.

The idea was hatched when the Batesville Main Street Design Committee (Bill
Giltz, Jim Fritsch, John Webber and Jaime Mustaine) formed in April. Lamping
wrote the grant application in May.

She said, "A lot of what we learned through the Active Living Workshop (held by
state officials in Batesville in April) is we have a very active community. When
you take a look around, we really don't have any bike racks in the downtown
area." She envisions individuals, friends and families parking their bikes, then
going to the farmers' market or out to dinner or running errands.

"We have 18 months to fulfill the grant requirements, but we are hoping (to
complete the project) by the end of this summer."

Debbie Blank can be contacted at debbie.blank@batesvilleheraldtribune.com or
812-934-4343, Ext. 113.

Grant program details --The other grant recipients are Main Street and other
nonprofit organizations in Martinsville, Lawrenceburg, Flora, Jeffersonville,
New Carlisle, Logansport, Rushville, Goshen and Evansville, the news release
stated. --With the communities matching $178,515 in addition to the grant funds,
the total project costs amount to $273,827. --Bill Davis, IOCRA executive
director, said, "The Downtown Enhancement Grant program encourages and builds
strong partnerships between local Main Street organizations, cities, towns and
other community organizations for the purpose of improving the quality of place
and promoting economic development in Indiana's downtown districts." --Ideal
projects could include, but are not limited to, façade renovations or
rehabilitations, creation of wayfinding signage, streetscape/landscaping, mural
restoration and other more permanent initiatives. --The maximum award amount
cannot exceed $10,000. --Shae Kmicikewycz, Indiana Main Street program manager,
has more information at skmicikewycz@ocra.in.gov or 317-232-8910.

___ (c)2014 The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Ind.) Visit The Herald-Tribune
(Batesville, Ind.) at www.batesvilleheraldtribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140711-HZ-Grant-will-help-fund-bike-parking-lot-0711-20140711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Herald-Tribune


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Tri-state people

BYLINE: TH Media

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 677 words


Fence Talk Digital, the full-service digital marketing agency associated with TH
Media, announced the addition of Tim Mehlhorn as a Web designer and campaign
analyst. His responsibilities involve creating websites, landing pages and
creative content for client projects. He also will analyze and track
re-targeting and pay-per-click digital marketing campaigns. He attended the
University of Wisconsin-Platteville and earned a degree in Graphic Design.

*

Former KWWL executive William "Bill" Bolster recently was inducted into the Iowa
Broadcasters Association Hall of Fame.

Bolster graduated from Loras College and began his career at KDTH Radio in
Dubuque. He then worked for KWWL-TV and KWWL-AM, eventually becoming executive
vice president of Blackhawk Broadcasting. He later was CEO of CNBC International
and president of CNBC and held other roles in New York and St. Louis.

*

Teri Lawson has joined Chalmers & Eaton Investment Services as a financial
advisor in association with Raymond James Financial Services Inc. Lawson
formerly worked as the brokerage operations coordinator at American Trust &
Savings Band.

*

Traci Johnson, RDH, joined the Exceptional Dentistry team, at the office of Dr.
Ted Murray, Dr. Kristen Berning and Dr. Alexia Murray at 4200 Asbury Road. Traci
is a registered dental hygienist. She is certified to complete professional
dental cleanings, laser and periodontal therapies and administer local
anesthesia. She sees child and adult patients.

*

Josh Schauf has joined Windows by Pella Inc. as the sales representative for the
Dubuque territory. Previously employed in the insurance industry, Schauf started
with the Pella team on July 6.

*

Heartland Financial USA Inc. announced the promotion of AJ Cogan to AVP
reconciliation and control manager. Previously, Cogan was an AVP loan operations
accounting manager at Heartland.

Also, Daniel Flynn has joined Heartland as corporate counsel. Flynn will
primarily be responsible for providing high-quality legal research, risk
analysis, advice and counsel to the Legal Department and other business line
leaders and member banks. He holds a law degree from William Mitchell College of
Law in St. Paul, Minn., and a master`s degree from Brandeis University in
Waltham, Mass.

*

The Community Foundation of Greater Dubuque (CFGD) announced that Jason Neises
joined the staff as Heart & Soul coordinator. Neises will lead the effort to
implement the Orton Family Foundation`s Community Heart & Soul community
engagement method in CFGD`s six-county rural affiliate region, beginning with
the pilot community of Monticello, Iowa. This work is supported by a two-year,
$100,000 grant from the Orton Family Foundation as well as a $150,000 grant from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture`s Rural Community Development Initiative
program.

*

American Trust & Savings Bank announced that Joseph R. McKenna has joined the
bank as second vice president and mortgage loan originator at the Kennedy Road
office. In his new position, he is responsible for originating residential
purchase, refinance, and construction loans. He has more than 15 years of
banking experience.

*

Boyd Gaming announced the promotions of the following team members at its
Dubuque Corporate Office:

Erin Hefel and Erin Kerkhoff were promoted to graphics managers.

Mark Flotow was promoted to senior designer.

Jamie Demmer, Neil Potter, Hilary Post and Carrie Hannan were promoted to
graphic designers.

Ashley Gilbertson joined the department as an account manager.

Boyd Gaming Corporate offices in Dubuque provide several corporate functions for
Boyd Gaming`s Midwest and Southern properties including finance and accounting,
analytics, IT, internal audit and creative services. The creative services
department, with a staff of 22, serves 12 Boyd Gaming casinos.

*

Chad White has joined the IT staff at IIW, P.C., as an information technology
systems administrator. He has over 10 years of experience in network and systems
support. He is a graduate of Southwest Wisconsin Technical College with an
associates degree in network communication.

TH Media

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                               November 10, 2003

Week Of Celebrations To Promote Market Towns

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 432 words


A Dedicated week to extol the virtue of market towns and villages in the East
Midlands is being held in May.  Belper and South Normanton are included in the
pilot project, Market Towns Week, which is being held by the East Midlands
Development Agency (Emda).

The initiative is being supported by the Action for Market Towns charity and the
Countryside Agency.

It is part of the Market Towns Initiative launched by the Countryside Agency in
the East Midlands in 2000 to boost the economies of struggling market towns and
villages.

In July, the Evening Telegraph reported that Belper had become the only town in
the East Midlands to be awarded Beacon Town status.

Market Towns Week will include May Day celebrations, food fairs, traditional
markets and craft fairs and is being funded by a £170,000 Emda grant.

Market town managers will be appointed to 15 pilot towns and villages to
organise activities around the themes of food and drink, arts, tourism and
community development.

David Robinson, chairman of Belper Town Centre Forum, said: "Hopefully it will
bring more tourists into Belper and boost the economy.

"Belper's events will include Maypole dancing, a folk music concert, historical
walks and a pub crawl." Jean Byrne (65), of Lowlands Road, Belper, said:
"Anything which promotes Belper is good. When events are organised in the town,
they're surprisingly well attended." Richard Baxter (59), of Winster Close,
Belper, added: "I think it's a good idea now that the Derwent Valley has been
given World Heritage Status. It should bring in more tourists." And South
Normanton resident Lee Albrighton (34), of Albert Street, said: "I think it's a
positive way of promoting the good things about South Normanton, like it being
an old pit village." Fiona Holgate, Emda's market towns manager, said: "The
Market Towns Week will help raise the profile of market towns and help
kick-start their pivotal role as drivers for the rural economy and key visitor
attractions." Martin Blackwell, chief executive of Action for Market Towns,
said: "We're thrilled to be working with Emda.

"It will highlight common themes and demonstrate the towns' and villages'
diversity and individuality." Ms Holgate said that if the pilot scheme was a
success, it would be rolled out nationally in 2005.

The other pilot towns are Bourne, Market Rasen, Sleaford, Spalding and Stamford
in Lincolnshire; Brackley, Desborough and Rothwell in Northamptonshire;
Harworth-Bircotes and Tuxford in Nottinghamshire; Lutterworth, Market Harborough
and Melton Mowbray in Leicestershire; and Oakham in Rutland.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2003 Derby Evening Telegraph


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                          February 15, 2006 Wednesday

Society: Charities: News: The state we're in: The outlook for the sector is one
of modest growth. Large charities continue to take a larger slice of the pie,
leaving smaller charities struggling

BYLINE: David Brindle

SECTION: GUARDIAN NEWSPRINT SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 784 words


How is the voluntary sector doing? Take a big national charity, providing
services that strike a chord with government priorities, and things look
remarkably cheery. Go down the scale, however, and life can seem very tough.

This paradox goes a long way to explain figures released today by the National
Council for Voluntary Organisations (NCVO), suggesting that while the sector's
income from government bodies is growing - as one would expect, given all the
rhetoric about charities' expanding role in delivery of public services - it is
not growing as fast as might be assumed. Overall, the sector now gets 38% of its
income from statutory sources, compared with 37% in the equivalent study two
years ago.

The figures, taken from the NCVO's forthcoming UK Voluntary Sector Almanac, do
reveal that two watersheds have been passed. First, the sector now generates
more earned income from selling goods and services than it receives voluntary
income from grants and donations. Second, within that 38% from the state there
is now more fee income than grant income, indicating a shifting of the scales
from grants to contracts.

In estimating the sector's total income, however, NCVO researchers are cautious
about concluding there has been any more than a 5% increase over two years -
much of the rest of an apparently larger rise being attributable to new
organisations coming under the not-for-profit umbrella.

The picture is far brighter for many big players. The income of Addaction, a
national drug and alcohol treatment charity, grew 31% in 2004-05 to almost £22m.
In 2000, its income was just over £4m. By its own admission, the charity is
benefiting enormously from the government's drug strategy, seeking over the 10
years to 2008 to double the number of users in treatment. Less than £50,000 of
Addaction's 2004-05 income came from fundraising.

Although not a member of the charity premiership, Voluntary Action Cumbria (Vac)
relies equally on state money. But in common with many other medium-sized
charities, and in stark contrast to Addaction, Vac is up against it.

The charity is the rural community council for Cumbria and has a current
turnover of £1.3m. But that will fall to some £700,000 next year upon the loss
of funding for several projects including a rural women's network, which has
helped more than 150 women set up their own businesses, and a social enterprise
unit that has helped a further 50 initiatives come to fruition. Of Vac's 47
staff, some 25 will lose their jobs.

"The whole organisation is going to have to draw in its horns," says Roger
Roberts, Vac chief executive. "And it's not just a problem for us: the other
rural community councils are facing a similar challenge, as are the councils for
voluntary services."

The future is uncertain, as distribution of funding switches from central
government to a competitive, local system, Roberts says. "That's great in some
ways, but it does mean we can't be certain that after 2008 we'll be able to
continue to fund the kind of community development work we have been doing for
the last 60 years."

The NCVO figures are not strictly comparable with those of previous almanacs,
being based now on a much bigger sample of some 40,000 charities through the
GuideStar UK database. Headline statistics are that the "general charities"
sector - excluding housing associations, private schools and some professional
associations - had total income of £26.3bn in 2000-04, total assets of £66.8bn
and a paid workforce of at least 608,000. The income figure compares with
£20.8bn for 2001-02, calculated on a sample of 3,300 charities, but the NCVO
says that on a like-for-like basis it can be certain of growth of only £1bn over
the two years.

Of the £26.3bn income, £12.5bn is ascribed to earned income, £11.8bn to
voluntary income and £2bn to investment returns. More than two-thirds of total
income is accounted for by little more than 3,200 charities - just 2% of all
those registered - with almost nine in 10 of others having incomes of less than
£100,000.

Karl Wilding, NCVO's head of research, says much of the apparent growth in total
income is likely to be from services such as council recycling being taken over
by social enterprises. "For many organisations, the increase in income has been
no more than the rate of inflation and if you strip that out, then their picture
is static.

"The long-term trend is one of the largest charities hoovering up public service
contracts, while some of them are also able to exploit their brands to get even
better at harvesting donations," says Wilding. "Organisations that don't have
that national scale, or any kind of tie-in to a local community, are the ones
that will continue to struggle."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) Inviting Applications for the Rural
Community Development Initiative (RCDI) for Fiscal Year 2013

LENGTH: 10361  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice.
Summary

This Notice announces the availability of $5,676,077 for competitive grant funds
for the Rural Community Development Initiative (RCDI) program through the Rural
Housing Service (RHS), an agency within the USDA Rural Development mission area
herein referred to as the Agency. Applicants must provide matching funds in an
amount at least equal to the Federal grant. These grants will be made to
qualified intermediary organizations that will provide financial and technical
assistance to recipients to develop their capacity and ability to undertake
projects related to housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development. This Notice lists the information needed to submit an application
for these funds.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    Rural Development State Office Contacts
    Connecticut
    Served by Massachusetts State Office
    Guam
    Served by Hawaii State Office
    Maryland
    Served by Delaware State Office
    New Hampshire
    Served by Vermont State Office
    Rhode Island
    Served by Massachusetts State Office
    Virgin Islands
    Served by Florida State Office
    Western Pacific Territories
    Served by Hawaii State Office
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Part I--Funding Opportunity Description
    Part II--Award Information
    Part III--Eligibility Information
    A. Eligible Applicants
    B. Program Definitions
    C. Cost Sharing or Matching
    D. Other Program Requirements
    E. Eligible Fund Uses
    F. Ineligible Fund Uses
    G. Program Examples and Restrictions
    Part IV--Application and Submission Information
    A. Address To Request Application Package
    B. Content and Form of Application Submission
    C. Other Submission Information
    D. Funding Restrictions
    Part V--Application Review Information
    A. Evaluation Criteria
    1. Building Capacity--Maximum 60 Points
    2. Expertise--Maximum 30 Points
    3. Population--Maximum 30 Points
    4. Income--Maximum 30 Points
    5. Soundness of Approach--Maximum 50 Points
    6. Technical assistance for the development of Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements--Maximum 20 Points
    7. Regional Collaboration Applications--Maximum 20 Points
    8. Local Investment Points--Maximum 20 Points
    9. Investing in Manufacturing Communities--Maximum 25 Points
    10. State Director's Points Based on Project Merit--Maximum 20 Points
    11. Proportional Distribution Points--20 Points
    B. Review and Selection Process
    1. Rating and Ranking
    2. Initial Screening
    Part VI--Award Administration Information
    A. General Information
    B. Award Notice
    C. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    D. Reporting
    Part VII--Agency Contact
    Part VIII-- Nondiscrimination Statement
    Non-Discrimination Policy
    To File a Program Complaint
    Persons With Disabilities
    Part IX--Appeal Process

DATES: Back to Top

The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, November 12,
2013. The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider any
application received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due
applications will not be accepted.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the application documents
and requirements delineated in this Notice from the RCDI Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HAD-RCDI_Grants.html. Application information for
electronic submissions may be found at http://www.grants.gov. Applicants may
also request paper application packages from the Rural Development office in
their state. A list of Rural Development offices is included in this Notice
under the FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

The Rural Development office for the state the applicant is located in. Please
see the following list of Rural Development State Office contacts.
Rural Development State Office Contacts Back to Top
Note:

Telephone numbers listed are not toll-free.

Alabama State Office, Suite 601, Sterling Centre, 4121 Carmichael Road,
Montgomery, AL 36106-3683, (334) 279-3400, TDD (334) 279-3495, Allen Bowen

Alaska State Office, 800 West Evergreen, Suite 201, Palmer, AK 99645, (907)
761-7778, TDD (907) 761-8905, Merlaine Kruse

Arizona State Office, 230 North 1st Avenue, Suite 206, Phoenix, AZ 85003, (602)
280-8747, TDD (602) 280-8705, Joel Trachtenberg

Arkansas State Office, 700 W. Capitol Ave., Rm. 3416, Little Rock, AR
72201-3225, (501) 301-3265, TDD (501) 301-3200, Stephen Lagasse

California State Office, 430 G Street, Agency 4169, Davis, CA 95616-4169, (530)
792-5810, TDD (530) 792-5848, Janice Waddell

Colorado State Office, Denver Federal Center, Building 56, Room 2300, PO Box
25426*, Denver, CO 80225-0426, (720) 544-2927, TDD (720)544-2907, Janice B. Pond

Connecticut
Served by Massachusetts State Office

Delaware and Maryland State Office, 1221 College Park Dr., Suite 200, Dover, DE
19904-8713, (302) 857-3627, TDD (302) 857-3585, Denise MacLeish

Florida & Virgin Islands State Office, 4440 NW., 25th Place, P.O. Box 147010,
Gainesville, FL 32614-7010, (352) 338-3485, TDD (352) 338-3499, Michael Langston

Georgia State Office, Stephens Federal Building, 355 E. Hancock Avenue, Athens,
GA 30601-2768, (706) 546-2581, TDD (706) 546-2034, Jack Stanek
Guam
Served by Hawaii State Office

Hawaii, Guam, & Western Pacific Territories State Office, Room 311, Federal
Building, 154 Waianuenue Avenue, Hilo, HI 96720, (808) 933-8313, TDD (808)
933-8321, Tim O'Connell

Idaho State Office, 9173 West Barnes Dr., Suite A1, Boise, ID 83709, (208)
378-5617, TDD (208) 378-5600, David A. Flesher

Illinois State Office, 2118 West Park Court, Suite A, Champaign, IL 61821, (217)
403-6209, TDD (217) 403-6240, Michael Wallace

Indiana State Office, 5975 Lakeside Boulevard, Indianapolis, IN 46278-1996,
(317) 290-3100 (ext. 407), TDD (317) 290-3343, Rochelle Owen

Iowa State Office, 873 Federal Building, 210 Walnut Street, Des Moines, IA
50309, (515) 284-4459, TDD (515) 284-4858, Karla Peiffer

Kansas State Office, 1303 SW. First American Place, Suite 100, Topeka, KS
66604-4040, (785) 271-2728, TDD (785) 271-2767, Kent Evans

Kentucky State Office, 771 Corporate Drive, Suite 200, Lexington, KY 40503,
(859) 224-7415, TDD (859) 224-7300, Vernon Brown

Louisiana State Office, 3727 Government Street, Alexandria, LA 71302, (318)
473-7965, TDD (318) 473-7920, Richard Hoffpauir

Maine State Office, 967 Illinois Ave., Suite 4, P.O. Box 405, Bangor, ME
04402-0405, (207) 990-9124, TDD (207) 942-7331, Ron Lambert
Maryland
Served by Delaware State Office

Massachusetts, Connecticut, & Rhode Island State Office, 451 West Street, Suite
2, Amherst, MA 01002-2999, (413) 253-4300, TDD (413) 253-7068, Daniel R.
Beaudette

Michigan State Office, 3001 Coolidge Road, Suite 200, East Lansing, MI 48823,
(517) 324-5208, TDD (517) 337-6795, Christine M. Maxwell

Minnesota State Office, 410 Farm Credit Service Building, 375 Jackson Street,
St. Paul, MN 55101-1853, (651) 602-7800, TDD (651) 602-3799, Terry Louwagie

Mississippi State Office, Federal Building, Suite 831, 100 W. Capitol Street,
Jackson, MS 39269, (601) 965-4326, TDD (601) 965-5850, Darnella Smith-Murray

Missouri State Office, 601 Business Loop 70 West, Parkade Center, Suite 235,
Columbia, MO 65203, (573) 876-0976, TDD (573) 876-9480, Clark Thomas

Montana State Office, 2229 Boot Hill Court, Bozeman, MT 59715, (406) 585-2520,
TDD (406) 585-2545, Steve Troendle

Nebraska State Office, Federal Building, Room 152, 100 Centennial Mall N.,
Lincoln, NE 68508, (402) 437-5559, TDD (402) 437-5551, Denise Brosius-Meeks

Nevada State Office, 1390 South Curry Street, Carson City, NV 89703-9910, (775)
887-1222 (ext. 110), TDD 7-1-1, Shane Hastings
New Hampshire
Served by Vermont State Office

New Jersey State Office, 8000 Midlantic Drive, 5th Floor North, Suite 500, Mt.
Laurel, NJ 08054, (856) 787-7753, Kenneth Drewes

New Mexico State Office, 6200 Jefferson St. NE., Room 255, Albuquerque, NM
87109, (505) 761-4973, TDD (505) 761-4938, Arthur Garcia

New York State Office, The Galleries of Syracuse, 441 S. Salina Street, Suite
357, Syracuse, NY 13202-2541, (315) 477-6400, TDD (315) 477-6447, Gail Giannotta

North Carolina State Office, 4405 Bland Road, Suite 260, Raleigh, NC 27609,
(919) 873-2063, TDD (919) 873-2003, Bruce Pleasant

North Dakota State Office, Federal Building, Room 208, 220 East Rosser Ave.,
P.O. Box 1737, Bismarck, ND 58502-1737, (701) 530-2029, TDD (701) 530-2113, Mark
Wax

Ohio State Office, Federal Building, Room 507, 200 North High Street, Columbus,
OH 43215-2418, (614) 255-2391, TDD (614) 255-2554, David M. Douglas

Oklahoma State Office, 100 USDA, Suite 108, Stillwater, OK 074-2654, (405)
742-1061, TDD (405) 742-1007, Jerry Efurd

Oregon State Office, 1201 NE Lloyd Blvd., Suite 801, Portland, OR 97232, (503)
414-3362, TDD (503) 414-3387, Sam Goldstein

Pennsylvania State Office, One Credit Union Place, Suite 330, Harrisburg, PA
17110-2996, (717) 237-2291, TDD (717) 237-2281, Michael Ward

Puerto Rico State Office, 654 Muñoz Rivera Avenue, Suite 601, Hato Rey, PR
00918-6106, (787) 766-5095, TDD (787) 766-5332, Nereida Rodriguez
Rhode Island
Served by Massachusetts State Office

South Carolina State Office, Strom Thurmond Federal Building, 1835 Assembly
Street, Room 1007, Columbia, SC 29201, (803) 649-4221, TDD (803) 765-5697,
Michele Cardwell

South Dakota State Office, Federal Building, Room 210, 200 Fourth Street SW.,
Huron, SD 57350, (605) 352-1145, TDD (605) 352-1147, Doug Roehl

Tennessee State Office, Suite 300, 3322 West End Avenue, Nashville, TN
37203-1084, (615) 783-1345, TDD (615) 783-1397, Keith Head

Texas State Office, Federal Building, Suite 102, 101 South Main, Temple, TX
76501, (254) 742-9787, TDD (254) 742-9749, Michael B. Canales

Utah State Office, Wallace F. Bennett Federal Building, 125 South State Street,
Room 4311, P.O. Box 11350, Salt Lake City, UT 84138, (801) 524-4326, TDD (801)
524-3309, Debra Meyer

Vermont State Office, City Center, 3rd Floor, 89 Main Street, Montpelier, VT
05602, (802) 828-6033, TDD (802) 223-6365, Rhonda Shippee
Virgin Islands
Served by Florida State Office

Virginia State Office, Culpeper Building, Suite 238, 1606 Santa Rosa Road,
Richmond, VA 23229, (804) 287-1577, TDD (804) 287-1753, Kent Ware

Washington State Office, 1835 Black Lake Boulevard SW., Suite B, Olympia, WA
98501-5715, (360) 704-7737, Peter McMillin
Western Pacific Territories
Served by Hawaii State Office

West Virginia State Office, 1550 Earl Core Road, Suite 101, Morgantown, WV
26505, (304) 284-4886, TDD (304) 284-4836, Janna Lowery

Wisconsin State Office, 4949 Kirschling Court, Stevens Point, WI 54481, (715)
345-7615, TDD (715) 345-7610, Brian Deaner

Wyoming State Office, Federal Building, Room 1005, 100 East B Street, P.O. Box
11005, Casper, WY 82602-5006, (307) 233-6700, TDD (307) 233-6719, Alana Cannon

Washington, DC, Stop 0787, Room 0175, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-0787, (202) 205-9685, Shirley J. Stevenson
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

The paperwork burden has been cleared by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB) under OMB Control Number 0575-0180.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Rural Community Development Initiative.

Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.446.

DATES: The deadline for receipt of an application is 4 p.m. local time, November
12, 2013. The application date and time are firm. The Agency will not consider
any application received after the deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States Postal Service
or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due
applications will not be accepted.
Part I--Funding Opportunity Description Back to Top

Congress initially created the RCDI in Fiscal Year (FY) 2000 to develop the
capacity and ability of nonprofit organizations, low-income rural communities,
or federally recognized tribes to undertake projects related to housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.
Part II--Award Information Back to Top

Congress appropriated, net rescissions and sequestration, $5,676,077 in FY 2013
for the RCDI program. Qualified private, nonprofit and public (including tribal)
intermediary organizations proposing to carry out financial and technical
assistance programs will be eligible to receive the funding. The intermediary
will be required to provide matching funds in an amount at least equal to the
RCDI grant.

The respective minimum and maximum grant amount per intermediary is $50,000 and
$300,000.

The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical assistance to
a private, nonprofit community-based housing and development organization, a
low-income rural community or a federally recognized tribe.
Part III--Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Eligible Applicants

1. Qualified private, nonprofit, including faith-based and community
organizations, and philanthropic foundations in accordance with 7 CFR Part 16,
and public (including tribal) intermediary organizations. Definitions that
describe eligible organizations and other key terms are listed below.

2. RCDI grantees that have an outstanding grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, will not be eligible to apply for this
round of funding. Grant and matching funds must be utilized in a timely manner
to ensure that the goals and objectives of the program are met.
B. Program Definitions

Agency--The Rural Housing Service (RHS) or its successor.

Beneficiary--Entities or individuals that receive benefits from assistance
provided by the recipient.

Capacity--The ability of a recipient to implement housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development projects.

Federally recognized tribes--Tribal entities recognized and eligible for funding
and services from the Bureau of Indian Affairs, based on the current notice in
the Federal Register published by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Tribally
Designated Housing Entities are eligible RCDI recipients.

Financial assistance--Funds, not to exceed $10,000 per award, used by the
intermediary to purchase supplies and equipment to build the recipient's
capacity.

Funds--The RCDI grant and matching money.

Intermediary--A qualified private, nonprofit (including faith-based and
community organizations and philanthropic foundations), or public (including
tribal) organization that provides financial and technical assistance to
multiple recipients.

Low-income rural community--An authority, district, economic development
authority, regional council, or unit of government representing an incorporated
city, town, village, county, township, parish, or borough whose income is at or
below 80 percent of either the state or national Median Household Income as
measured by the 2010 Census.

Matching funds--Cash or confirmed funding commitments. Matching funds must be at
least equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not less than the
grant performance period.

Recipient--The entity that receives the financial and technical assistance from
the Intermediary. The recipient must be a nonprofit community-based housing and
development organization, a low-income rural community or a federally recognized
Tribe.

Regional Collaboration--Multi-jurisdictional areas typically within a State,
territory, or Federally-designated Tribal land but which can cross State,
territory, or Tribal boundaries.

The Regional Collaboration approach is intended to combine the resources of the
Agency with those of State and local governments, educational institutions, and
the private and nonprofit sectors to implement regional economic and community
development strategies, including the enhancement of community-based
philanthropic endowments.

Rural and rural area--Any area other than (i) a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants; and (ii) the urbanized area
contiguous and adjacent to such city or town.

Technical assistance--Skilled help in improving the recipient's abilities in the
areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic development.
C. Cost Sharing or Matching

Matching funds are cash or confirmed funding commitments and must be at least
equal to the grant amount and committed for a period of not less than the grant
performance period. These funds can only be used for eligible RCDI activities.
Matching funds must be used to support the overall purpose of the RCDI program.

In-kind contributions such as salaries, donated time and effort, real and
nonexpendable personal property and goods and services cannot be used as
matching funds.

Grant funds and matching funds must be used in equal proportions. This does not
mean funds have to be used equally by line item.

The request for advance or reimbursement and supporting documentation must show
that RCDI fund usage does not exceed the cumulative amount of matching funds
used.

Grant funds will be disbursed pursuant to relevant provisions of 7 CFR parts
3015, 3016, and 3019, as applicable. Verification of matching funds must be
submitted with the application.

The intermediary is responsible for demonstrating that matching funds are
available, and committed for a period of not less than the grant performance
period to the RCDI proposal. Matching funds may be provided by the intermediary
or a third party. Other Federal funds may be used as matching funds if
authorized by statute and the purpose of the funds is an eligible RCDI purpose.

RCDI funds will be disbursed on an advance or reimbursement basis. Matching
funds cannot be expended prior to execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.

No reimbursement will be made for any funds expended prior to execution of the
RCDI Grant Agreement unless the intermediary is a non-profit or educational
entity and has requested and received written Agency approval of the costs prior
to the actual expenditure.

This exception is applicable for up to 90 days prior to grant closing and only
applies to grantees that have received written approval but have not executed
the RCDI Grant Agreement.

The Agency cannot retroactively approve reimbursement for expenditures prior to
execution of the RCDI Grant Agreement.
D. Other Program Requirements

1. The recipient and beneficiary, but not the intermediary, must be located in
an eligible rural area.

The physical location of the recipient's office that will be receiving the
financial and technical assistance must be in an eligible rural area. If the
recipient is a low-income community, the median household income of the area
where the office is located must be at or below 80 percent of the State or
national median household income, whichever is higher.

The applicable Rural Development State Office can assist in determining the
eligibility of an area.

A listing of Rural Development State Offices is included in this Notice. A map
showing eligible rural areas can be found at the following link:
http://eligibility.test.sc.egov.usda.gov/eligibility/welcomeAction.do?pageAction
=RBSmenu&NavKey=property@13.

2. The recipient must be a nonprofit, which may include faith-based
organization, community-based housing and development organization, low-income
rural community, or federally recognized tribe based on the RCDI definitions of
these groups.

3. Documentation must be submitted to verify recipient eligibility. Acceptable
documentation varies depending on the type of recipient. Private nonprofit,
faith or community-based organizations must provide a certificate of
incorporation and good standing from the Secretary of the State of
incorporation, or other similar and valid documentation of nonprofit status. For
low-income rural community recipients, the Agency requires evidence that the
entity is a public body and census data verifying that the median household
income of the community where the office receiving the financial and technical
assistance is located is at, or below, 80 percent of the State or national
median household income, whichever is higher.

For Federally recognized tribes, the Agency needs the page listing their name
from the current Federal Register list of tribal entities recognized and
eligible for funding services (see the definition of federally recognized tribes
in this Notice for details on this list).

4. Individuals cannot be recipients.

5. The intermediary must provide matching funds at least equal to the amount of
the grant. Verification of matching funds must be submitted with the
application. Matching funds must be committed for a period equal to the grant
performance period.

6. The intermediary must provide a program of financial and technical assistance
to the recipient.

7. The intermediary organization must have been legally organized for a minimum
of 3 years and have at least 3 years prior experience working with private
nonprofit community-based housing and development organizations, low-income
rural communities, or tribal organizations in the areas of housing, community
facilities, or community and economic development.

8. Proposals must be structured to utilize the grant funds within 3 years from
the date of the award.

9. Each applicant, whether singularly or jointly, may only submit one
application for RCDI funds under this Notice. This restriction does not preclude
the applicant from providing matching funds for other applications.

10. Recipients can benefit from more than one RCDI application; however, after
grant selections are made, the recipient can only benefit from multiple RCDI
grants if the type of financial and technical assistance the recipient will
receive is not duplicative. The services must have separate and identifiable
accounts for compliance purposes.

11. The intermediary and the recipient cannot be the same entity. The recipient
can be a related entity to the intermediary, if it meets the definition of a
recipient, provided the relationship does not create a conflict of interest that
cannot be resolved to Rural Development's satisfaction.

12. A nonprofit recipient must provide evidence that it is a valid nonprofit
when the intermediary applies for the RCDI grant. Organizations with pending
requests for nonprofit designations are not eligible.

13. If the recipient is a low-income rural community, identify the unit of
government to which the financial and technical assistance will be provided,
e.g., town council or village board.

The financial and technical assistance must be provided to the organized unit of
government representing that community, not the community at large.

14. If a grantee has an outstanding RCDI grant over 3 years old, as of the
application due date in this Notice, it is not eligible to apply for this round
of funding.

15. The indirect cost category in the project budget should be used only when a
grant applicant has a federally negotiated indirect cost rate. A copy of the
current rate agreement must be provided with the application.

16. Grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number and register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior
to submitting a pre-application pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an
entity applicant must maintain registration in SAM at all times during which it
has an active Federal award or an application or plan under construction by the
Agency. Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier subawards and executive compensation in
accordance to 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
E. Eligible Fund Uses

Fund uses must be consistent with the RCDI purpose. A nonexclusive list of
eligible grant uses includes the following:

1. Provide technical assistance to develop recipients' capacity and ability to
undertake projects related to housing, community facilities, or community and
economic development, e.g., the intermediary hires a staff person to provide
technical assistance to the recipient or the recipient hires a staff person,
under the supervision of the intermediary, to carry out the technical assistance
provided by the intermediary.

2. Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct community development programs,
e.g., homeownership education or training for business entrepreneurs.

3. Develop the capacity of recipients to conduct development initiatives, e.g.,
programs that support micro-enterprise and sustainable development.

4. Develop the capacity of recipients to increase their leveraging ability and
access to alternative funding sources by providing training and staffing.

5. Develop the capacity of recipients to provide the technical assistance
component for essential community facilities projects.

6. Assist recipients in completing pre-development requirements for housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development projects by
providing resources for professional services, e.g., architectural, engineering,
or legal.

7. Improve recipient's organizational capacity by providing training and
resource material on developing strategic plans, board operations, management,
financial systems, and information technology.

8. Purchase of computers, software, and printers, limited to $10,000 per award,
at the recipient level when directly related to the technical assistance program
being undertaken by the intermediary.

9. Provide funds to recipients for training-related travel costs and training
expenses related to RCDI.
F. Ineligible Fund Uses

The following is a list of ineligible grant uses:

1. Pass-through grants, capacity grants, and any funds provided to the recipient
in a lump sum that are not reimbursements.

2. Funding a revolving loan fund (RLF).

3. Construction (in any form).

4. Salaries for positions involved in construction, renovations, rehabilitation,
and any oversight of these types of activities.

5. Intermediary preparation of strategic plans for recipients.

6. Funding prostitution, gambling, or any illegal activities.

7. Grants to individuals.

8. Funding a grant where there may be a conflict of interest, or an appearance
of a conflict of interest, involving any action by the Agency.

9. Paying obligations incurred before the beginning date without prior Agency
approval or after the ending date of the grant agreement.

10. Purchasing real estate.

11. Improvement or renovation of the grantee's, or recipient's office space or
for the repair or maintenance of privately owned vehicles.

12. Any purpose prohibited in 7 CFR parts 3015, 3016, and 3019, as applicable.

13. Using funds for recipient's general operating costs.

14. Using grant or matching funds for Individual Development Accounts.

15. Purchasing vehicles.
G. Program Examples and Restrictions

The purpose of this initiative is to develop or increase the recipient's
capacity through a program of financial and technical assistance to perform in
the areas of housing, community facilities, or community and economic
development. Strengthening the recipient's capacity in these areas will benefit
the communities they serve. The RCDI structure requires the intermediary
(grantee) to provide a program of financial and technical assistance to
recipients.

The recipients will, in turn, provide programs to their communities
(beneficiaries). The following are examples of eligible and ineligible purposes
under the RCDI program. (These examples are illustrative and are not meant to
limit the activities proposed in the application. Activities that meet the
objectives of the RCDI program will be considered eligible.)

1. The intermediary must work directly with the recipient, not the ultimate
beneficiaries. As an example:

The intermediary provides training to the recipient on how to conduct
homeownership education classes. The recipient then provides ongoing
homeownership education to the residents of the community--the ultimate
beneficiaries. This "train the trainer" concept fully meets the intent of this
initiative. The intermediary is providing technical assistance that will build
the recipient's capacity by enabling them to conduct homeownership education
classes for the public.

This is an eligible purpose. However, if the intermediary directly provided
homeownership education classes to individuals in the recipient's service area,
this would not be an eligible purpose because the recipient would be bypassed.

2. If the intermediary is working with a low-income community as the recipient,
the intermediary must provide the technical assistance to the entity that
represents the low-income community and is identified in the application.
Examples of entities representing a low-income community are a village board or
a town council.

If the intermediary provides technical assistance to the Board of the low-income
community on how to establish a cooperative, this would be an eligible purpose.
However, if the intermediary works directly with individuals from the community
to establish the cooperative, this is not an eligible purpose.

The recipient's capacity is built by learning skills that will enable them to
support sustainable economic development in their communities on an ongoing
basis.

3. The intermediary may provide technical assistance to the recipient on how to
create and operate a revolving loan fund. The intermediary may not monitor or
operate the revolving loan fund. RCDI funds, including matching funds, cannot be
used to fund revolving loan funds.

4. The intermediary may work with recipients in building their capacity to
provide planning and leadership development training. The recipients of this
training would be expected to assume leadership roles in the development and
execution of regional strategic plans. The intermediary would work with multiple
recipients in helping communities recognize their connections to the greater
regional and national economies.

5. The intermediary could provide training and technical assistance to the
recipients on developing emergency shelter and feeding, short-term housing,
search and rescue, and environmental accident, prevention, and cleanup program
plans. For longer term disaster and economic crisis responses, the intermediary
could work with the recipients to develop job placement and training programs,
and develop coordinated transit systems for displaced workers.
Part IV--Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. Address To Request Application Package

Entities wishing to apply for assistance may download the application documents
and requirements delineated in this Notice from the RCDI Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HAD-RCDI_Grants.html.

Application information for electronic submissions may be found at http://www.
grants.gov. Applicants may also request paper application packages from the
Rural Development office in their state. A list of Rural Development State
offices is included in this Notice.
B. Content and Form of Application Submission

If the applicant is ineligible or the application is incomplete, the Agency will
inform the applicant in writing of the decision, reasons therefore, and its
appeal rights and no further evaluation of the application will occur.

A complete application for RCDI funds must include the following:

1. A summary page, double-spaced between items, listing the following: (This
information should not be presented in narrative form.)

a. Applicant's name,

b. Applicant's address,

c. Applicant's telephone number,

d. Name of applicant's contact person and telephone number,

e. Applicant's fax number,

f. County where applicant is located,

g. Congressional district number where applicant is located,

h. Amount of grant request, and

i. Number of recipients.

2. A detailed Table of Contents containing page numbers for each component of
the application.

3. A project overview, no longer than five pages, including the following items,
which will also be addressed separately and in detail under "Building Capacity"
of the "Evaluation Criteria."

a. The type of technical assistance to be provided to the recipients and how it
will be implemented.

b. How the capacity and ability of the recipients will be improved.

c. The overall goals to be accomplished.

d. The benchmarks to be used to measure the success of the program. Benchmarks
should be specific and quantifiable.

4. Organizational documents, such as a certificate of incorporation and a
current good standing certification from the Secretary of State where the
applicant is incorporated and other similar and valid documentation of
non-profit status, from the intermediary that confirms it has been legally
organized for a minimum of 3 years as the applicant entity.

5. Verification of source and amount of matching funds, e.g., a copy of a bank
statement if matching funds are in cash or a copy of the confirmed funding
commitment from the funding source.

The verification must show that matching funds are available for the duration of
the grant performance period. The verification of matching funds must be
submitted with the application or the application will be considered incomplete.

The applicant will be contacted by the Agency prior to grant award to verify
that the matching funds provided with the application continue to be available.
The applicant will have 15 days from the date contacted to submit verification
that matching funds continue to be available.

If the applicant is unable to provide the verification within that timeframe,
the application will be considered ineligible. The applicant must maintain bank
statements on file or other documentation for a period of at least three years
after grant closing except that the records shall be retained beyond the
three-year period if audit findings have not been resolved.

6. The following information for each recipient:

a. Recipient's entity name,

b. Complete address (mailing and physical location, if different),

c. County where located,

d. Number of Congressional district where recipient is located,

e. Contact person's name and telephone number, and

f. Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement." If the Form RD 400-4 is not submitted
for a recipient, the recipient will be considered ineligible. No information
pertaining to that recipient will be included in the income or population
scoring criteria and the requested funding may be adjusted due to the deletion
of the recipient.

7. Submit evidence that each recipient entity is eligible:

a. Nonprofits--provide a current valid letter confirming non-profit status from
the Secretary of the State of incorporation or the IRS, a current good standing
certification from the Secretary of the State of incorporation, or other valid
documentation of nonprofit status of each recipient.

b. Low-income rural community--provide evidence the entity is a public body, and
a copy of the 2010 census data to verify the population, and evidence that the
median household income is at, or below, 80 percent of either the State or
national median household income. We will only accept data and printouts from
http://www.census.gov.

c. Federally recognized tribes--provide the page listing their name from the
Federal Register list of tribal entities published by the Bureau of Indian
Affairs on August 10, 2012 (77 FR 47868)or a subsequent updated list in the
Federal Register.

8. Each of the "Evaluation Criteria" must be addressed specifically and
individually by category. Present these criteria in narrative form.
Documentation must be limited to three pages per criterion. The "Population" and
"Income" criteria for recipient locations can be provided in the form of a list;
however, the source of the data must be included on the page(s).

9. A timeline identifying specific activities and proposed dates for completion.

10. A detailed project budget that includes the RCDI grant amount and matching
funds. This should be a line-item budget, by category. Categories such as
salaries, administrative, other, and indirect costs that pertain to the proposed
project must be clearly defined. Supporting documentation listing the components
of these categories must be included. The budget should be dated: Year 1, year
2, year 3, as applicable.

11. Form SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance." (Do not complete Form
SF-424A, "Budget Information." A separate line-item budget should be presented
as described in No. 13 of this section.)

12. Form SF-424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs."

13. Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters--Primary Covered Transactions."

14. Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion--Lower Tier Covered Transactions."

15. Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements."

16. Certification of Non-Lobbying Activities.

17. Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.

18. Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," for the applicant.

19. Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees.

20. For grants, the applicant's Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
Systems (DUNS) number and registration in the System for Award Management (SAM)
in accordance with 2 CFR part 25. As required by the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), all grant applications must provide a DUNS number when applying
for Federal grants, on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a
DUNS number at no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at
1-866-705-5711 or via Internet at http:www.dnb.com/us/. Additional information
concerning this requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at
http://www.grants.gov. Similarly, applicants may register for SAM at
https://www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220.

The DUNS number should be identified in the "Organizational DUNS" field on
Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal Assistance." Since there are no
specific fields for a Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code and
expiration date, they may be identified anywhere on the Form SF 424. If the
applicant does not provide the CAGE code and expiration date and the DUNS number
in the application, it will not be considered for funding.

Applicants must also complete Form AD-3030, "Representations Regarding Felony
Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants," if they are a
corporation. A corporation is any entity that has filed articles of
incorporation in one of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, or the various
territories of the United States including American Samoa, Federated States of
Micronesia, Guam, Midway Islands, Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico,
Republic of Paalu, Republic of Marshall Islands, or the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Corporations include both for profit and non-profit entities.

The required forms and certifications can be downloaded from the RCDI Web site
at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/HAD-RCDI_Grants.html.
C. Other Submission Information

Survey on Ensuring Equal Opportunity for Applicants, OMB No. 1894-0010 (applies
only to nonprofit applicants only--submission is optional).

The original application package must be submitted to the Rural Development
State Office where the applicant's headquarters is located. A listing of Rural
Development State Offices is included in this Notice. Applications will not be
accepted via FAX or electronic mail.

Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov. Grants.
gov contains full instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and
software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting
an electronic application. If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs
with an electronic application, please use the customer support resources
available at the Grants.gov Web site.

Technical difficulties submitting an application through Grants.gov will not be
a reason to extend the application deadline. If an application is unable to be
submitted through Grants.gov, a paper application must be received in the
appropriate Rural Development State Office by the deadline noted previously.

First time Grants.gov users should carefully read and follow the registration
steps listed on the Web site. These steps need to be initiated early in the
application process to avoid delays in submitting your application online.

In order to register with System for Award Management (SAM), your organization
will need a DUNS number. Be sure to complete the Marketing Partner ID (MPID) and
Electronic Business Primary Point of Contact fields during the SAM registration
process.

These are mandatory fields that are required when submitting grant applications
through Grants.gov. Additional application instructions for submitting an
electronic application can be found by selecting this funding opportunity on
Grants.gov.
D. Funding Restrictions

Meeting expenses. In accordance with 31 U.S.C. 1345, "Expenses of Meetings,"
appropriations may not be used for travel, transportation, and subsistence
expenses for a meeting. RCDI grant funds cannot be used for these
meeting-related expenses. Matching funds may, however, be used to pay for these
expenses.

RCDI funds may be used to pay for a speaker as part of a program, equipment to
facilitate the program, and the actual room that will house the meeting.

RCDI funds can be used for travel, transportation, or subsistence expenses for
program-related training and technical assistance purposes.

Any training not delineated in the application must be approved by the Agency to
verify compliance with 31 U.S.C. 1345.

Travel and per diem expenses (including meals and incidental expenses) will be
similar to those paid to Agency employees. Rates are based upon location. Rate
information can be obtained from the applicable Rural Development State Office.

Grantees and recipients will be restricted to traveling coach class on common
carrier airlines.

When lodging is not available at the government rate, grantees and recipients
may exceed the Government rate for lodging by a maximum of 20 percent.

Mileage and gas reimbursement will be the same rate used by Agency employees.
This rate may be obtained from the applicable Rural Development State Office.
Part V--Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Evaluation Criteria

Applications will be evaluated using the following criteria and weights:
1. Building Capacity--Maximum 60 Points

The applicant must demonstrate how they will improve the recipients' capacity,
through a program of financial and technical assistance, as it relates to the
RCDI purposes.

Capacity-building financial and technical assistance should provide new
functions to the recipients or expand existing functions that will enable the
recipients to undertake projects in the areas of housing, community facilities,
or community and economic development that will benefit the community.
Capacity-building financial and technical assistance may include, but is not
limited to: Training to conduct community development programs, e.g.,
homeownership education, or the establishment of minority business
entrepreneurs, cooperatives, or micro-enterprises; organizational development,
e.g., assistance to develop or improve board operations, management, and
financial systems; instruction on how to develop and implement a strategic plan;
instruction on how to access alternative funding sources to increase leveraging
opportunities; staffing, e.g., hiring a person at intermediary or recipient
level to provide technical assistance to recipients.

The program of financial and technical assistance provided, its delivery, and
the measurability of the program's effectiveness will determine the merit of the
application.

All applications will be competitively ranked with the applications providing
the most improvement in capacity development and measurable activities being
ranked the highest.

a. The narrative response must:

i. Describe the nature of financial and technical assistance to be provided to
the recipients and the activities that will be conducted to deliver the
technical assistance;

ii. Explain how financial and technical assistance will develop or increase the
recipient's capacity. Indicate whether a new function is being developed or if
existing functions are being expanded or performed more effectively;

iii. Identify which RCDI purpose areas will be addressed with this assistance:
Housing, community facilities, or community and economic development; and

iv. Describe how the results of the technical assistance will be measured. What
benchmarks will be used to measure effectiveness? Benchmarks should be specific
and quantifiable.

b. The maximum 60 points for this criterion will be broken down as follows:

i. Type of financial and technical assistance and implementation activities. 35
points.

ii. An explanation of how financial and technical assistance will develop
capacity. 10 points.

iii. Identification of the RCDI purpose. 5 points.

iv. Measurement of outcomes. 10 points.
2. Expertise--Maximum 30 Points

The applicant must demonstrate that it has conducted programs of financial and
technical assistance and achieved measurable results in the areas of housing,
community facilities, or community and economic development in rural areas.

Provide the name, contact information, and the type and amount of the financial
and technical assistance the applicant organization has provided to the
following for the last 3 years:

a. Nonprofit organizations in rural areas.

b. Low-income communities in rural areas, (also include the type of entity,
e.g., city government, town council, or village board).

c. Federally recognized tribes or any other culturally diverse organizations.
3. Population--Maximum 30 Points

Population is based on the average population from the 2010 census data for the
communities in which the recipients are located. The physical address, not
mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this criterion. Community
is defined for scoring purposes as a city, town, village, county, parish,
borough, or census-designated place where the recipient's office is physically
located.

The applicant must submit the census data from the following Web site in the
form of a printout of the applicable "Fact Sheet" to verify the population
figures used for each recipient. The data can be accessed on the Internet at
http://www.census.gov; click on "American FactFinder," fill in field and click
"Go"; the name and population data for each recipient location must be listed in
this section.

The average population of the recipient locations will be used and will be
scored as follows:
Population  Scoring (points)
5,000 or less  30
5,001 to 10,000  20
10,001 to 20,000  10
20,001 to 50,000  5
4. Income--Maximum 30 Points

The average of the median household income for the communities where the
recipients are physically located will determine the points awarded. The
physical address, not mailing address, for each recipient must be used for this
criterion. Applicants may compare the average recipient median household income
to the State median household income or the national median household income,
whichever yields the most points. The national median household income to be
used is $51,914.

The applicant must submit the income data in the form of a printout of the
applicable information from the following Web site to verify the income for each
recipient. The data being used is from the 2010 census. The data can be accessed
on the Internet at http://www.census.gov; click on "American FactFinder," fill
in field and click "Go"; the name and income data for each recipient location
must be listed in this section. Points will be awarded as follows:
Average Recipient Median Income  Scoring (points)
Less than 60 percent of state or national median household income  30
From 60 to 70 percent of state or national median household income  20
Greater than 70 to 80 percent of state or national median household income  10
In excess of 80 percent of state or national median household income  0
5. Soundness of Approach--Maximum 50 Points

The applicant can receive up to 50 points for soundness of approach. The overall
proposal will be considered under this criterion. Applicants must list the page
numbers in the application that address these factors.

The maximum 50 points for this criterion will be broken down as follows:

a. The ability to provide the proposed financial and technical assistance based
on prior accomplishments has been demonstrated. 10 Points.

b. The proposed financial and technical assistance program is clearly stated and
the applicant has defined how this proposal will be implemented. The plan for
implementation is viable. 10 Points.

c. Cost effectiveness will be evaluated based on the budget in the application.
The proposed grant amount and matching funds should be utilized to maximize
capacity building at the recipient level. 15 points.

d. The proposal fits the objectives for which applications were invited. 15
points.
6. Technical assistance for the development of Renewable Energy Systems and
Energy Efficiency Improvements--Maximum 20 Points

The applicant must demonstrate how they will improve the recipients' capacity to
carry out activities related to the development of renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvements for housing, community facilities, or community
and economic development.
7. Regional Collaboration Applications--Maximum 20 Points

The Agency encourages applications that promote substantive economic growth,
including job creation, as well as specifically addressing the circumstances of
those sectors within the region that have fewer prospects and the greatest need
for improved economic opportunity.

A Regional Collaboration project should implement goals, objectives or actions
identified in a Regional Strategic Plan which addresses priorities specified at
a regional scale. Applications should demonstrate:

a. Clear leadership at the Intermediary level in organizing and coordinating a
regional initiative;

b. Evidence that the Recipient's region has a common economic basis that
supports the likelihood of success in implementing its strategy; and

c. Evidence that technical assistance will be provided that will increase the
Recipient's capacity to assess their circumstance, determine a long term
sustainable vision for the region, and implement a comprehensive strategic plan,
including identifying performance measures and establishing a system to collect
the data to allow assessment of those performance measures.
8. Local Investment Points--Maximum 20 Points

Intermediaries must be physically located in an eligible rural community and
must include evidence of investment in the community. The intent is to ensure
that RCDI funds are expended in the rural community.
9. Investing in Manufacturing Communities--Maximum 25 Points

Grant applicants demonstrating a technical assistance plan to help boost
investing in manufacturing communities will be awarded a maximum of 25
additional points.

The applicant must demonstrate how their efforts will attract manufacturers and
their supply chain of local innovators, producers, and distributors to create
new jobs and strengthen the local economy. Applicant must demonstrate how it
will support the redevelopment of manufacturing communities that have had major
plant closings, in partnership with local leaders, workers and businesses. The
maximum 25 points for this criterion will be awarded as follows:

a. Demonstrates how this project will attract manufacturing to the region. (10
points)

b. The ability to provide technical assistance to develop and implement long
term strategies to orient the communities' and regions' economies for
innovation, job creation and export promotion. (5 Points)

c. Emphasizes some combination of public-private partnership, including higher
education collaboration. (5 Points)

d. Demonstrates how this project will lead to further development of the
region's industrial ecosystem. (5 points)
10. State Director's Points Based on Project Merit--Maximum 20 Points

This criterion does not have to be addressed by the applicant. Up to 20 points
may be awarded by the Rural Development State Director. Points may be awarded to
more than one application per state or jurisdiction. The total points awarded
under this criterion, to all applications, will not exceed 20. Assignment of
points will include a written justification and be tied to and awarded based on
how closely they align with the Rural Development State Office's strategic plan.

11. Proportional Distribution Points--20 Points

This criterion does not have to be addressed by the applicant. After
applications have been evaluated and awarded points under the first 9 criteria,
the Agency may award 20 points per application to promote an even distribution
of grant awards between the ranges of $50,000 to $300,000.
B. Review and Selection Process
1. Rating and Ranking

Applications will be rated and ranked on a national basis by a review panel
based on the "Evaluation Criteria" contained in this Notice. If there is a tied
score after the applications have been rated and ranked, the tie will be
resolved by reviewing the scores for "Building Capacity" and the applicant with
the highest score in that category will receive a higher ranking. If the scores
for "Building Capacity" are the same, the scores will be compared for the next
criterion, in sequential order, until one highest score can be determined.
2. Initial Screening

The Agency will screen each application to determine eligibility during the
period immediately following the application deadline. Listed below are examples
of reasons for rejection from previous funding rounds. The following reasons for
rejection are not all inclusive; however, they represent the majority of the
applications previously rejected.

a. Recipients were not located in eligible rural areas based on the definition
in this Notice.

b. Applicants failed to provide evidence of recipient's status, i.e.,
documentation supporting nonprofit evidence of organization.

c. Applicants failed to provide evidence of committed matching funds or matching
funds were not committed for a period at least equal to the grant performance
period.

d. Application did not follow the RCDI structure with an intermediary and
recipients.

e. Recipients were not identified in the application.

f. Intermediary did not provide evidence it had been incorporated for at least 3
years as the applicant entity.

g. Applicants failed to address the "Evaluation Criteria."

h. The purpose of the proposal did not qualify as an eligible RCDI purpose.

i. Inappropriate use of funds (e.g., construction or renovations).

j. The applicant proposed providing financial and technical assistance directly
to individuals.

k. The application package not received by closing date and time.
Part VI--Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. General Information

Within the limit of funds available for such purpose, the awarding official of
the Agency shall make grants in ranked order to eligible applicants under the
procedures set forth in this Notice.
B. Award Notice

Applicants will be notified of selection by letter.

Unsuccessful applicants will receive notification including appeal rights by
mail. In addition, selected applicants will be requested to verify that
components of the application have not changed at the time of selection and on
the award obligation date, if requested by the Agency.

The award is not approved until all information has been verified, and the
awarding official of the Agency has signed Form RD 1940-1, "Request for
Obligation of Funds."
C. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

Grantees will be required to do the following:

1. Execute a Rural Community Development Initiative Grant Agreement.

2. Execute Form RD 1940-1.

3. Use Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," to request
reimbursements. Provide receipts for expenditures, timesheets and any other
documentation to support the request for reimbursement.

4. Provide financial status and project performance reports on a quarterly basis
starting with the first full quarter after the grant award.

5. Maintain a financial management system that is acceptable to the Agency.

6. Ensure that records are maintained to document all activities and
expenditures utilizing RCDI grant funds and matching funds. Receipts for
expenditures will be included in this documentation.

7. Provide annual audits or management reports on Form RD 442-2, "Statement of
Budget, Income and Equity," and Form RD 442-3, "Balance Sheet," depending on the
amount of Federal funds expended and the outstanding balance.

8. Collect and maintain data provided by recipients on race, sex, and national
origin and ensure recipients collect and maintain the same data on
beneficiaries. Race and ethnicity data will be collected in accordance with OMB
Federal Register notice, "Revisions to the Standards for the Classification of
Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity," (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data
will be collected in accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of
1972. These items should not be submitted with the application but should be
available upon request by the Agency.

9. Provide a final project performance report.

10. Identify and report any association or relationship with Rural Development
employees.

11. The intermediary and recipient must comply with Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Section 504 of the
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and Executive Order 12250 and RD Instruction 7 CFR
1901-E.

12. The grantee must comply with policies, guidance, and requirements as
described in the following applicable OMB Circulars and Code of Federal
Regulations:

a. OMB Circular A-87 (Cost Principles for State, Local, and Indian Tribal
Government);

b. OMB Circular A-122 (Cost Principles for Non-profit Organizations);

c. OMB Circular A-133 (Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-Profit
Organizations);

d. 7 CFR part 3015 (Uniform Federal Assistance Regulations);

e. 7 CFR part 3016 (Uniform Administrative Requirements for Grants and
Cooperative Agreements to State and Local Governments);

f. 2 CFR parts 417 and 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension
(Nonprocurement);

g. 7 CFR part 3019 (Uniform Administrative Requirements for Grants and
Agreements with Institutions of Higher Education, Hospitals, and Other
Non-profit Organizations); and

h. 7 CFR part 3052 (Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-Profit
Organizations).
D. Reporting

Reporting requirements can be found in the Grant Agreement.
Part VII--Agency Contact Back to Top

Contact the Rural Development office in the state where the applicant's
headquarters is located. A list of Rural Development State Offices is included
in this Notice.
Part VIII-- Nondiscrimination Statement Back to Top
Non-Discrimination Policy

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)
To File a Program Complaint

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov
Persons With Disabilities

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Part IX--Appeal Process Back to Top

All adverse determinations regarding applicant eligibility and the awarding of
points as part of the selection process are appealable pursuant to 7 CFR part
11. Instructions on the appeal process will be provided at the time an applicant
is notified of the adverse decision.

In the event the applicant is awarded a grant that is less than the amount
requested, the applicant will be required to modify its application to conform
to the reduced amount before execution of the grant agreement. The Agency
reserves the right to reduce or withdraw the award if acceptable modifications
are not submitted by the awardee within 15 working days from the date the
request for modification is made. Any modifications must be within the scope of
the original application.

Dated: August 5, 2013.

Tammye Treviño,

Administrator,Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

Pakistan: ADB, Japan Support Poor Afghan Communities with Better Irrigation

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, July 11 -- The Asian Development Bank (ADB) and Japan Fund for
Poverty Reduction (JFPR) will grant $10 million to Afghanistan to improve
livelihoods and boost crop yields in poor rural communities.

This new irrigation project in northern Afghanistan will rehabilitate at least
120 small scale irrigation systems and the project will take place in the
provinces of Baghlan, Balkh, Ghor and Samangan and involve close cooperation
with communities to tap their labor and local knowledge.

"Irrigation is crucial for improving livelihoods and achieving financial
security of rural households. Women must be included since they do much of the
field work in northern provinces," said Randall Jones, Natural Resources and
Agriculture Economist in ADB's Central and West Asia Department.

Years of conflict and neglect have Afghanistan's irrigation systems rundown and
inefficient, with water available only intermittently. Physical upgrades will
allow water to be used more efficiently and intensively, with the goal of
boosting agricultural output in each target province by 5% and expanding
cultivation areas for each irrigation system by 10%. Improving irrigation
systems will sharply reduce the need to engage in the daily back-breaking task
of collecting water for fields and livestock.

Local community development councils will be tapped to provide unskilled labor
and project materials will be purchased locally, where possible. Training will
be given in areas such as modern agricultural production techniques, water
management and operation of irrigation systems, with women centrally involved.
Meetings with women's 'shuras', community decision making groups which are
highly respected in the north of the country, will also be held to encourage
female participation.

The project will build on a previous, successful JFPR-funded initiative for
community-based upgrades of irrigation systems in rural areas, but will target
new provinces. It will also complement ADB's ongoing Water Resources Development
Investment Program in Afghanistan, which focuses on larger scale sector
improvements. The project is scheduled to run for four years through 2016
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                November 9, 2009

Lenders Scramble for Ways to Fund Affordable Housing Loans

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 13 Vol. 34 No. 8

LENGTH: 660  words


CHICAGO-In times of limited financing resources some of the largest banks are
using federal tax credits, grants and other innovative tools to fund affordable
housing development and help sustain this vulnerable segment of the mortgage
marketplace.

Treasury secretary Tim Geithner and Donna Gambrell, director of Treasury's
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, awarded NCB Capital Impact
$90 million in NMTC allocations for the development of projects in low-income
communities across the nation during an event at a job training center here that
benefited from NMTC funding.

The stated goal is "to spur private-sector investment in communities facing
economic challenges."

"The New Markets Tax Credit program is promoting private-sector investment in
our nation's communities and is helping to stimulate economic growth, create
jobs and bringing new opportunities to Americans most in need," Ms. Gambrell
said.

So far it has helped finance numerous businesses and real estate projects across
the country.

According to Joe Hagan, president and CEO of National Equity Fund Inc.,
incentives provided by various federal programs remain popular among the
country's main lenders.

"At a time when so many investors have been conserving capital," Mr. Hagan said,
some of the largest banks are funding both affordable housing and new jobs in
areas hit hard by the recent economic crisis, which shows the ongoing importance
of the LIHTC program.

"Economic conditions are still negatively impacting the LIHTC market," he added,
but "we are making significant progress with both new and traditional investors
and expect to have a solid year, in spite of the ongoing challenges."

"Now more than ever there is a need to help families stay in their houses and
protect our neighborhoods from the effects of foreclosure and abandonment," said
Elizabeth Warn, president of the TD Charitable Foundation and EVP of community
development for TD Bank.

The foundation's annual "Housing for Everyone" grant competition presented 56
winners who will receive up to $2 million in grants to support affordable
housing initiatives, a $500,000 increase in program awards from 2008. Now in its
fifth year the competition for grants ranging from $10,000 to $100,000 attracted
500 housing nonprofits.

Other nonprofits like the aforementioned National Equity Fund are contributing
to community development in cooperation with other partners.

Earlier this year NEF closed on a $76 million investment fund to support
affordable housing financed with federal LIHTCs. The multi-investor fund
included capital from JPMorgan Chase, U.S. Bank, Wells Fargo, Key Bank, Comerica
and Harris Bank. This fund is expected to develop 1,000 units of affordable
housing and create an estimated 1,900 jobs in 13 new construction and rehab
projects in Arizona, California, Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, New Mexico, New York,
Oregon, Texas and Wisconsin.

NCB Capital Impact, on the other hand, said in 2008 alone it disbursed an impact
of $208 million for education, health care and affordable homeownership programs
that benefit low- and middle-income communities nationwide. Since July 2005 the
company completed 29 NMTC transactions totaling $229.4 million and has used
these funds to support health, housing and education facilities in low-income
areas leveraging a calculated $500 million in capital that has impacted rural
and urban communities nationwide creating 3,542 permanent jobs and 2,157
temporary jobs.

This award increases NCB Capital Impact's total NMTC allocations to $409
million. Through 2008 $12.7 billion of NMTC capital has been invested into
approximately 2,000 businesses and real estate developments.

NEF currently has 115 funds under management with a portfolio of 1,600 projects.
As a national provider of low-income housing that benefits from historic and New
Markets Tax Credits, NEF has invested $7 billion to support the construction and
preservation of more than 100,000 affordable homes.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Zimbabwe Independent (Harare)

                               February 23, 2017

Community Participation Critical for Economic Development [opinion]

BYLINE: George Masvovi

LENGTH: 1485 words


THROUGHOUT the era of the pre-classical, classical and neo-classical economists,
individuals, societies and governments and other stakeholders in the economies
have steadily pursued economic development.

Early development economists equated economic development to economic growth.
Around the mid-1950s and 1960s, developing countries experienced economic growth
in the midst of poverty.

Although many decades have passed since the acknowledgement of poverty as a core
component of development, poverty continues to persist in developing countries
such as Zimbabwe. This reality challenged the "stages of growth" conjecture of
economic development, which regarded underdevelopment as a short-lived stage in
development (Rostow, 1960). This has led to a focus on the contemporary
community participation growth model.

Community as a set of households who live in close geographical proximity such
as a ward and a constituency and commune with one another implies community
participation as the process by which individuals, families, or communities
assume responsibility for their own welfare and develop a capacity to contribute
to their own community development.

Sustainability is the ability of an implemented project to endure and be healthy
past the project period. Development as accumulation of goods and capabilities
that impact positively on the sustenance, freedom and self-esteem of members of
a household entail sustainable development is therefore development that meets
the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations
to meet their own needs.

Community participation supposition is premised on top- down management
approaches, mobilisation of human capital, capacity development and community
knowledge (Botterill and Fisher, 2002: 2-3).

Top down Management of Impacts implies decisions made by top officials of
government, institutions and experts without direct grassroots involvement. The
model hence advocates for a "bottom up" approach to solving problem.

Secondly, mobilisation of human capital and resources posit that all people have
very vital abilities and capacities that can be harnessed effectively to bring
about required levels of development in the community

Thirdly, community knowledge of problems and their solutions means development
initiatives or programmes cannot be developed with community in isolation.
Lastly, capacity development, which entails developing the capacities of people,
is one major and surest way to help people to manage and deal with major
development problems. This is because it helps equip people with the skills and
abilities to deal with problems, setting aside dependence on external help
(UNDP, 1997)

Research conducted by several development agencies including the World Bank and
International Monetary Fund explains the benefits of participatory development
(PD). These studies also found that community PD projects address local needs
relevant to locals than traditional development projects. Participation can also
contribute towards more equitable outcomes so long elite capture is absent.
Chamala (1995) identified efficiency benefits from participation, stating that
involving stakeholders and empowering community participation enhances project
effectiveness.

Despite arguments that participation makes no difference, the importance of
community participation is well established in the literature. PD is criticised
for reaching a smaller population than traditional development projects. PD
projects are accused of enabling tokenism, where a few "handpicked" local voices
are allowed to speak as a "rubber stamp to prove... participatory credentials".
This view suggests that politicians, government and organisations only include
local voices to improve their image.

Other things being equal for sustainable economic development type of PD
matters. Passive participation is the unsustainable of the four approaches where
primary stakeholders of a project are informed about what is going to happen or
has already happened. People's feedback is minimal or non- existent, and their
participation is assessed through methods like head counting and contribution to
the discussion.

Exploring passive participation in rural development projects of small dams
rehabilitation in Zimbabwe Chazovachii et al. (2014) findings revealed that the
level of community participation is not only minimal, but it is also top down
and passive. This has much to do with the negative perceptions by facilitating
agents viewing local people as passive recipients of externally crafted models
of development. Based on these findings, and consistent with wider literature,
primary stakeholders should be in active participation.

Secondly, participation by consultation stakeholders provides answers to
questions posed by outside researchers or experts. This consultative process
keeps all the decision-making power in the hands of external professionals who
are under no obligation to incorporate primary stakeholders' input.

Participation by collaboration enables primary stakeholders to take part in the
discussion and analysis of predetermined objectives set by the project. This
level of participation does not usually result in dramatic changes in what
should be accomplished, which is often already determined. Although ward health
teams exist at local government level in both urban and rural areas, the health
centre committee must exist to provide for collaborative participation in the
functioning of the health centre in Zimbabwe's catchment areas.

Finally, empowerment participation entails primary stakeholders who are capable
and willing to initiate the process and take part in the analysis. This leads to
joint decision making about what should be achieved and how. While outsiders are
equal partners in the development effort, the primary stakeholders are primus
inter pares, i.e., they are equal partners with a significant say in decisions
concerning their lives. Ownership and control of the process rest in the hands
of the primary stakeholders.

A testimony is in the Chibememe Earth Healing Association (CHIEHA) a
community-based conservation and development organisation in the rural south
eastern Chiredzi, Masvingo province. In 2004, CHIEHA was awarded the United
Nations Development Programme (UNDP) Equator Initiative Prize, an accolade that
recognizes "outstanding local initiatives that work to advance sustainable
development solutions for people, nature and resilient communities."

Through a US$50 000 grant from UNDP, the association scaled up activities that
promote conservation in the Sangwe communal lands. Among these were
agro-forestry, multi-cropping and water harvesting. This has allowed them to
define and determine their own development path and destiny. More recently, the
community share ownership schemes in Zimbabwe have seen community members being
active in decision-making in resource allocation on development issues.

In conclusion, the first step for active community participation is to identify
the "community", understand their problems, assess community interest and
identify all stakeholders keeping elected officials informed while explaining
preliminary information about the project. Next, one should review the project
proposal with community members before detailed development of the project while
organising and coordinating face-to-face meetings with community members to
obtain their concerns, needs, perceptions, insights, issues requiring resolution
and potential solutions.

Fourthly, one should prepare options to address community concerns by
summarising community issues, feasibility, incorporate the results of community
participation into the design and implementation of the project. Finally, there
is a need to plan for ongoing community involvement to demonstrate that there
will be ongoing community involvement.

Undoubtedly, Zimbabwe has since independence crafted some novel development
plans centred on passive participation,

with the objective of reducing poverty. I therefore recommend the active
participation community development model and its basic premises to Zimbabwe's
economic sectors and angles like education, mining, health, local governance,
service delivery and conservation, among others.

The common belief that the active participation of communities in development
delays decision making is based on limited information.

As the Zimbabwe government is out to tackle poverty as outlined in the Interim
Poverty Reduction Strategy paper for the period 2016-2018, it is vital to note
that in the past, there has been a danger in allowing the voices of the "elite"
to drown those of the poor, thereby allowing the "elite" to act as the voices of
the voiceless.

Musvovi is a development economist at the instistute for Sustainability Africa
(INSAF). These New perspectives articles are coordinated by Lovemore Kadenge,
president of the Zimbabwe Economics Society.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            November 9, 2014 Sunday

Cambodia bets on Saemaeul movement to spur rural reform

LENGTH: 832 words


PHNOM PENH â * With agriculture still the mainstay of its economy, Cambodia is
seeking to reform rural communities in partnership with Korea to shore up
residents' livelihoods and boost grain exports.

The Southeast Asian country is seeking to follow in the footsteps of the
"Saemaeul Undong," or New Community Movement, a rural reform drive in Korea in
the 1970s and 1980s. The two countries agreed in June to build a training
institute and carry out pilot projects in 30 villages by 2018, for which Seoul
pledged $8 million in grant aid.

Though smaller-scale pilot programs have been conducted in the past, the
five-year initiative marks the first-ever nationwide demonstration of the
movement.

"This program has two goals: safety and social protection," Deputy Prime
Minister Yim Chhay Ly said during an interview with visiting Korean reporters.

"We're trying to identify important programs for community development, and to
reduce the gap between urban and rural areas though programs to assist with
rural development."

The Korea International Cooperation Agency, the country's grant aid institution,
plans to provide consultations and training for central and local government
officials, as well as village leaders. The deputy premier himself traveled to
Korea twice this year alone, touring the cradle of the movement, as well as
training facilities and industrial complexes.

The tentatively named SMU Training Center, to be launched early next year in
Kampong Speu, some 70 kilometers west of the capital, will include lecture
rooms, laboratories and a dormitory and be capable of accommodating up to 100
trainees at a time.

Volunteers of the Korea International Cooperation Agency and local residents
work together to dig a well in Kampong Cham province, Cambodia. (KOICA)

Phnom Penh's zeal for the Saemaeul campaign comes in part from Prime Minister
Hun Sen who wants to scale it up to a countrywide level, Yim Chhay Ly said,
calling it a "win-win policy" that helps both with national development and
poverty eradication.

The fledgling project will also help the country achieve its 2014-18 National
Strategic Development Plan, designed to promote partnerships and jack up
development effectiveness, officials noted.

"We acknowledge that the Saemaeul Undong can let us raise living standards and
improve the macroeconomy, which is a basic fundamental in developing a country,"
Yim Chhay Ly said.

"In the past, say, people could produce only 1 ton. But because now we have
water, fertilizer and so forth, so they can produce a lot more than that. Thanks
to an irrigation scheme supported by KOICA we have better management, producing
more rice and lifting poverty."

Controversy, however, persists over whether the Saemaeul movement can work
long-term without foreign support and uniform application, which defies the
international community's long-cherished priority of customized assistance.

A growing number of activists say that almost identical programs are under way
around the world, which consist of building a village hall, renovating houses
and bathrooms, digging wells, cultivating cropland and setting up fish or
poultry farms, but they lack a clear long-term goal and detailed action plans.

During the selection process for pilot projects, many of the officials trained
in Korea have taken flak for putting political gains ahead of the needs in the
field or their urgency, picking their hometowns or other places they are
connected to.

"As we learn from the Saemaeul Undong and Korea's experience, if something's not
good, we'll benchmark it in implementing our own program," the deputy premier
said.

"What we understand is that the Saemaeul Undong in Korea had so many areas and
goals. Here we're focusing more on agricultural aspects, such as rural credit
and the establishment of rural village committee. We've adopted it and need to
modify it in the context of Cambodia."

Relations between the two countries have in recent years been improving on the
back of upbeat growth in Seoul's official development assistance and
people-to-people exchanges.

Korea is Cambodia's fifth-largest source of ODA, after China, Japan, the U.S.
and Australia, funneling about $516 million into the country since 1991. It
finances infrastructure development, health care, education, as well as the
Saemaeul Undong project.

Last year, the number of Korean tourists to Cambodia neared 433,000, up more
than 5 percent from the year before. Korea is Cambodia's second-biggest source
of foreign travelers following Vietnam.

"Korea's commitment grows every year, contributing to Cambodia's economic
development and poverty reduction," said Im Sour, deputy secretary-general at
the Council for the Development of Cambodia.

"In addition to hard and soft assistance Korea provides lots of volunteers.
They're hardworking in Cambodia not only in Phnom Penh but also in remote areas,
transferring knowledge to local people and promoting teachers and students."

By Shin Hyon-hee, Korea Herald correspondent

(heeshin@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Jones County News (Gray, Georgia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 15, 2014

Developer eyes apartments to be built with tax credits

BYLINE: The Jones County News staff

LENGTH: 640  words


The Jones County housing committee's goal of affordable housing may be one step
closer to reality following a meeting with a community development group last
week.

Josh Thornason and Max Elbe came to Gray Jan. 6 to meet with the housing
committee members with a two fold goal. The first was to talk about their
proposed development that would be located off Highway 18 East just past the
Jones County Sheriff's Department, and the second was to ask for a support
letter for the project.

Thomason and Elbe are principals with Peachtree Housing Communities, and this
was not their first visit to Gray.

At the conclusion of last week's meeting, housing committee chairman Donald
Black agreed to provide a letter of support for the project.

"When we were accepted into the Georgia Initiative for Community Housing
program, our goal was to find affordable housing. I'm excited about this," Black
commented.

According to the company's website, Peachtree Housing Communities was formed in
2010 and specializes in projects that benefit from federal and state tax credits
and grant programs.

A tax credit differs from an income tax deduction. An income tax deduction
lowers the amount of income subject to taxation. A tax credit, however, lowers
the amount of tax owed and is leveraged with private investment to allow the
development to construct higher quality units, which can be made more
affordable.

Tax credits allow for less debt, and in turn the units are rented at a lower
rate to those who meet the income requirements.

Thomason emphasized that the rent is not subsidized by the government and it is
not Section 8 housing.

"These will be market rate apartments. The residents pay their own rent. If they
do not pay, they are evicted, just like anyone else," he said.

Gray has a senior citizens complex, Dulles Park, which was constructed using
federal tax credits in 2005.

In order to receive the tax credits, Peachtree Housing agrees to rent to those
with lower incomes. The purpose of the DCA tax credit program is to provide
affordable housing in rural areas.

Thomason said the process to receive the tax credits is very competitive. The
company attempted to get Gray's application ready for last year's application
period but had its hands full with another development that was approved.

He said the letter of support from the Jones County Housing committee would
increase the likelihood the application would be funded.

Thomason said the area on Highway 18 East was selected because of its proximity
to schools and infrastructure. The site plans shows 60 rental units with a
clubhouse and playground. The structures will be 40 percent brick and the rest
hardy plank siding.

"Market rate apartments get people away from the stigma of Section 8 housing.
The rent is not free, but it is affordable. That improves the quality of life
for everyone in the community," he said.

The units will consist of one, two, and three bedrooms, and the target rent
range starts at $346 for a one bedroom, 800-square-foot apartment, up to $570
for a three bedroom, 1,200-square-foot unit. The maximum income levels range
from $22,080 to $39,060, depending on the number of family members.

Elbe explained that public hearings are part of the application process, and the
deadline to have all that completed is June.

Peachtree Housing has completed four projects funded by tax credits, has another
under way, and a sixth waiting to start. Those projects can be viewed on the
company's website, www.peachtreehousing.com.

Thomason said the project is al5-year investment, and at the end of that time,
the process of reapplying for tax credits can be done to rehabilitate the units.

The rent restrictions for the development, however, are for 30 years. He said
the cost to construct each of the 60 units is approximately $95,000, placing the
project cost very close to $6 million.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JCN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The Jones County News


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           September 1, 2009 Tuesday

Commentary: Loans and grants keep businesses humming

BYLINE: JoAnn Nieman

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1935  words


In real estate, the mantra is "location, location, location"; in business, the
key phrase is "cash is king. "

Cash purchases assets, supports business and financing obligations, can be taken
out as profit, grows a business and much, much more. There are a variety of
sources of cash available in the marketplace to meet those needs.

When considering sources of funding for business needs, numerous resources are
available, with tiered financing involving multiple participants often being the
best solution.

Before going out to find financing, the most important first step to consider is
how the funds will be used. If a property is being acquired to house a business,
mortgage financing is the most logical vehicle. If a piece of equipment is being
purchased, and will be used in the business's production of goods and services,
an equipment loan makes the most sense. When everyday working capital is needed
to fund short-term financing needs, a working capital line of credit is
recommended.

These facilities are the most commonly used and understood, but the variations
between financing structures and availability vary widely between funding
sources, and it is easy to become confused, quickly, when listening to the
professionals, especially as each source may have a different language when
describing the same general product. Consequently, I have always started by
asking a client what the money will be used for before moving on to the various
options available to satisfy that need.

Sometimes the cost of the financing is the most critical component for the
borrower, both upfront and on an ongoing basis. Other times, when cash flow is a
concern, the amount of the monthly payment is the most important consideration.
Often, the most important factor is a case of how to minimize the amount of
upfront cash needed to complete the transaction. Regardless of which is the most
critical, usually there is a way to structure a transaction to accomplish the
final result, which in most cases is to obtain cash for a business to continue
operations and, hopefully, expand its profitability.

There are many types of financing, as well as hybrids, which have sprung up in
the past 25 years or so, but in most cases they are more costly to obtain and
generally involve larger dollar amounts. I want to focus, instead, on loans and
grants. The types of loans typically provided by traditional funding sources
include:

· Working capital lines of credit

· Equipment lines of credit and loans

· Term loans (permanent working capital)

· Commercial mortgages - acquisition or refinance (first lien position)

· Bridge financing

· Construction loans and lines of credit

· Land development loans (residential subdivisions)

· Letters of credit - standby and infrastructure

· Demand, or bullet, loans

Sources for the loans and grants described include:

Commercial banks

Commercial banks are the best source for the traditional financing products
listed. Not only is funding still widely available, but the regulatory agencies
governing the sector closely control the disclosure and processing of loan
requests.

Each institution has different underwriting criteria, but the basic types of
loans available are relatively uniform; pricing and structure are what vary
widely. Banks have very different capital structures and mission statements,
resulting in diverse product offerings that are structured to meet a bank's
internal goals. That is why it is critical for an applicant to communicate the
purpose of the loan as the primary determinant of the options available to them
at each bank. A knowledgeable loan officer, then, should be able to offer
several options to satisfy a borrower's funding needs based on the proposed use
of funds and available collateral.

U.S. Small Business Administration

The SBA provides a much broader level of support to businesses than simply
offering loans and grant programs.

Technical assistance is provided through various training and counseling
programs, the most recognized being the SCORE program. The SBA also provides
contracting assistance, disaster assistance, business information for special
interests, advocacy programs among many other services.

Most of the programs used by businesses locally are a partnership between a bank
and the SBA under the SBA's direct loan or loan guaranty programs, including
SBAExpress loans, SBA 7(a) guaranteed loans and SBA 504 loans.

There are many other more specialized loans and grant programs available to
assist new businesses with counseling services, help women and minority-owned
businesses obtain funding and provide disaster relief assistance. More
information is available at www.sba.gov.

New York State Excelsior

Linked Deposit Program

The Linked Deposit Program "is an economic development initiative created to
encourage and assist small businesses within the state to make investments and
undertake eligible projects that will contribute to improving their
productivity, performance and competitiveness by reducing the cost of capital
through interest subsidies," according to the state's description online.

Eligible businesses can obtain commercial loans at an interest rate 2 or 3
percentage points less than the prevailing rate on such loans, which makes
borrowing less expensive. Lenders are compensated with a deposit of state funds
at comparably reduced rates. Visit
www.empire.sta-te.ny.us/Tax_and_Financial_Incentives/Loan_Discounts to learn
more.

Economic development agencies

Most city's and/or county's economic development departments also are excellent
sources of funding for ongoing operations, expansion, acquisitions and more.
Each department usually has a range of financing programs and incentives
available to assist small businesses to continue to operate in their community
and to attract new businesses to the area.

In Monroe County, such products and services include:

· Great Rate, Great Rebate, SBA 504, COMIDA, to assist with equipment purchases;

· SBA 504, COMIDA, JobsPlus, Enhanced JobsPlus, Green JobsPlus, Shelter Rent
Pilot and LeasePlus, to assist with purchasing or constructing a building;

· The Entrepreneurs Network, which can assist with educational needs;

· Monroe County Foreign Trade Zone, to assist with importing and exporting
needs;

· RochesterWorks!, for job training;

· Venture capital;

· Rochester PTAC, which assists bus-inesses in obtaining government contracts;
and

· Monroe Manufactures Jobs Program.

New York Business

Development Corp.

The NYBDC's mission, as stated on its Web site, is to promote economic activity
within the state by providing innovative loans to small and medium-size
businesses; to assist partner banks in making those loans and, in particular, to
assist minority- and women-owned businesses by offering credit opportunities not
otherwise available to them.

The NYBDC can complement conventional banks by partnering to provide term loans,
many of which do not meet the requirements for traditional financing. In many
cases, the NYBDC includes multiple participations, SBA guarantees, flexible
amortization and long-term payouts. The NYBDC also provides educational outreach
to encourage small businesses in the state to maximize their potential. More
details on the various programs can be found at www.nybdc.com.

U.S. Department of Agriculture

Rural Development Agency

The Rural Development Agency is the economic and community development arm of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Tasked with improving economic conditions
and the quality of life in rural America, Rural Development provides loans, loan
guarantees and grants through its housing, utilities and business programs.

Within those three overarching programs, more than 20 different programs are
available.

In 2008, Rural Development, along with its federal, state and local partners,
invested more than $273 million in rural New York. While programs are targeted
at rural areas, the definition of "rural" can be quite broad, thereby providing
programs in areas not typically considered "rural" by most businesses. More
information can be found at www.rurdev.usda.gov/ny.

Upstate Regional Blueprint

Fund Program

The Regional Blueprint Fund Program promotes economic development by financing
capital investment in New York.

In June, $120 million became available to finance business investment,
infrastructure upgrades and downtown redevelopment to advance the state's
economic vitality. The fund supports projects that help provide a framework for
future growth in regions with otherwise stymied development. Eligible applicants
include municipalities, businesses, academic institutions and nonprofits, with
awards ranging from $100,000 to $5 million. Visit
www.empire.state.ny.us/UpstateDownstateFund/default.asp to learn more.

NYSERDA

The New York State Energy Research and Development Authority was created in 1975
as a means to reduce the state's petroleum consumption through research and
development. NYSERDA primarily is focused on energy-efficiency programs,
research and development initiatives, low-income energy programs and
environmental disclosure activities. Energy efficiency is promoted through
NYSERDA's educational programs and there are several grant and loan subsidies
available for the installation of energy-efficient systems. More information is
online at www.nyserda.org

Venture capital

Venture capital typically is provided to early-stage, high-potential, growth
companies in the interest of generating a return, usually through an initial
public offering or sale of the company.

Venture capital investments generally are made as cash in exchange for shares in
the company. It is typical for investors to identify and back companies in high
technology industries such as biotechnology and/or information and
communication. Venture capital typically comes from institutional investors and
high net worth individuals, pooled together by dedicated investment firms.

Private financing

Traditionally, the most common sources of private financing are relatives and/or
seller financing.

In a sale, the seller often will hold a portion of the sale price as a note
receivable in order to consummate the deal. A collateral position subordinate to
the institutional lender typical involves a shorter term (five to 10 years).
Family also is another common source of external financing when a shortfall
exists. Banks typically require any private financing be subordinate in both
payment and lien position to their collateral interest. Doing so increases the
risk to the private financing source, often resulting in a higher interest rate
to compensate for the increased risk.

Specialty lending sources

Factoring agents, asset-based lenders and warehousing lines - just to name a few
- all target either specific industries (i.e., warehousing lines for vehicles)
or types of collateral (factoring of accounts receivable), and are used
extensively when traditional bank financing is not available.

Collateral is the primary consideration when underwriting such facilities,
therefore collateral monitoring by the lender is detailed and meticulous. A
whole industry dedicated to this type of lending has been spurred as a result.

A profitable, well-managed business has multiple resources available to generate
capital and/or obtain financing. Relying on a team of experts - an accountant,
attorney and banker - for recommendations on the type and structure of financing
is critical to ensure funds are available when needed, and that repayment
matches the cash flow generated by the business.

JoAnn Nieman is vice president, commercial services, for the Canandaigua
National Bank & Trust; (585) 419-0670, ext. 50639; e-mail jnieman@cnbank.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Japanese funds for Northern community development programs

LENGTH: 422 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Feb. 22 -- The Japanese government yesterday extended a grant of US $
543,300 (approximately Rs. 70 million) to implement programs on Livelihood and
Community Strengthening for the newly resettled communities in Mullaitivu and
Kilinochchi Districts.

The initiatives are to be implemented by JEN, a Japanese NGO to improve the
livelihood of the resettled communities in the Northern Province under the
Japan-NGO cooperation grant scheme funded by the Japanese government.

The project titled Assistance in Livelihood and Community Strengthening for
Returnees in Mullaitivu and Kilinochchi Districts will support to rehabilitate
and uplift livelihood and capacity of the community of the people through
constructing agro-wells, providing tools such as water pumps, providing
workshops for agriculture and establishing cooperative societies.

It is envisaged that the project would facilitate stable water supply, ensure
livelihood and food security, and improve income of nearly 240 families directly
and indirectly.

"As a nation which commits itself and also contributes to global peace and
prosperity, Japan focuses its assistance in Sri Lanka on consolidation of peace
and reconstruction as well as medium and long-term vision for development,"
Japanese Ambassador Nobuhito Hobo said at the grant contract signing ceremony.
He said Japan has given high priority to support the reconstruction and to
improving the living conditions of the people.

"Japan also extended its fullest support towards the peace process since it
firmly believes that peace and reconciliation are pre-requisites for sustainable
development and prosperity of Sri Lanka," the ambassador added. JEN Colombo
Office Administration and Finance Officer Tomo Nasuda said JEN is an
international NGO established in 1994 to provide victims of conflicts and
natural disasters with emergency assistance and support for self-reliance across
the globe.

"In Sri Lanka, JEN started its operations in the aftermath of the Tsunami in
2004. Soon after completing the operation, JEN has focused on assisting the
people affected by the conflict in the East since 2007 and in the North since
2009," he said.

Nassuda said from March 1, 2014, JEN will start the project Assistance in
Livelihood and Community Strengthening for Returnees in Mullaitivu and
Kilinochchi Districts.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              June 3, 2013 Monday

Burundi - Agricultural Intensification and Value-enhancing Support Project

LENGTH: 490  words


Total cost: US$31.6 million
Approved DSF grant: US$13.6 million
Cofinancing: European Union
(US$6.0 million), to be determined
(US$2.5 million), World Food Programme
(US$4.7 million)


Duration: 2009-2017
Directly benefiting: 30,000 households
The project area covers six provinces north and east of the capital, Bujumbura.
The project was designed in a post-crisis context, and it will contribute to the
fight against poverty among the country  s most vulnerable groups. In Burundi
population growth and the return of refugees have resulted in heavy pressure on
the land. The average farm size is shrinking, the soil is rapidly becoming
degraded, and virtually all public land has been distributed or occupied. Food
insecurity and malnutrition are becoming chronic for a large percentage of
households. IFAD channels financing for the project through a grant, which will
have no impact on the country  s debt. The project  s objectives are to develop
organized and sustainable family farming to allow small-scale rural producers to
increase their incomes. The target group consists mainly of small-scale hillside
farmers, and a secondary group includes farmers in the marshlands that the
project will rehabilitate or develop. The project  s specific objectives are to:
Support public and private institutions, civil society and organizations of poor
rural people, and make them stakeholders in partnerships for agricultural
development, piloting interventions that can be replicated at national level.
Work with poor small-scale farmers to help them build their human, physical and
technical capacity to protect productive assets, increase productivity, improve
nutrition and raise incomes.    Improve market access to permit producers
organizations to make the most of value added to their produce. Activities will
focus on reinforcing and protecting productive capital, supporting the
enhancement of the value of agricultural production and the development of
infrastructure, and facilitating project implementation and coordination.
Communities, associations and cooperatives will be fully involved in the
decision-making process and there will be a focus on mobilizing local technical
assistance capacity. As IFAD  s partners and cofinanciers in the project,
Belgian Technical Cooperation will be responsible for activities related to seed
production, and Gutwera Neza, financed by the European Union, will support
community development centres. The project will maintain close contact with
marshlands development projects, particularly those financed by the World Bank
and the United Nations system. It will work to link them to the initiative for
dissemination of the system of rice intensification. The World Food Programme
will help identify participants and support infrastructure projects. The Food
and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations will support the
establishment of teaching farms.

country :Italy
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            April 13, 2002, Saturday

BID TO PROTECT WELSH

BYLINE: Eryl Crump

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 231 words


LIBERAL Democrats are to consider ways of protecting the Welsh language at their
party conference next week.

They may seek to introduce legislation allowing local authorities to double
council tax on second homes The proposal is included in a consultation document,
"Culture, Citizenship and Communities" which has been drawn up by a working
group within the party.

The document, drawn up in readiness for next year's Welsh Assembly elections,
also proposes creating special status for areas where more than 40pc of the
population speak Welsh.

Working group chairman Roger Roberts said they recommend giving additional
grants to provide training, purchase of translation equipment, and to create
welcome packages giving details of language and culture for anyone considering
moving to the area.

He said: "Welsh Liberal Democrats support a bilingual Wales, a Wales which
respects diversity and individual freedom and acknowledges the need for
government to intervene to protect freedom and diversity and uphold social
justice and human rights.

"In order to promote bilingualism, we will ensure a national framework which
supports the Welsh language.

"Coupled with this national approach we will create Language Action Areas which
will receive resources to undertake economic and rural development, community
development and education and housing initiatives."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             March 29, 2013 Friday

SSGC inks CSR MoUs with reputable organisations

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, March 29 -- The Sui Southern Gas Company created a record of sorts when
Memorandums of Understanding (MoUs) were signed and exchanged with eight
reputable and renowned educational institutions and non-governmental
organisations (NGOs) out of eleven such organisations that would be benefiting
from the gas utility's Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives during
fiscal year 2012-13.

SSGC MD Zuhair Siddiqui exchanged MoU documents with the representatives of the
collaborative partner organisations, that included, The Citizens Foundation, NED
University, Institute of Business Management, Family Educational Services
Foundation, Omair Sana Foundation, Dowites-78 Operations, Thardeep Rural
Development Programme and Indus Resource Centre in an elegant and well attended
ceremony organised by the company's corporate communication department at the
Head Office auditorium. SGM (Corporate and Legal Affairs) Yusuf J Ansari and
Deputy General Manager (Corporate Communications) Nasreen Hussain were also
seated on stage to witness the exchange of MoUs.

Apart from the above-mentioned organisations, SSGC also previously inked MoUs
with Sukkur IBA, Balochistan University of IT, Engineering and Management
Sciences, Quetta and Forman Christian College, Lahore to supplement the
scholarship programs for their deserving and meritorious students. The officials
of these institutions, however, could not make it to today's signing ceremony.

In his welcome speech, SGM (Corporate and Legal Affairs) reiterated that the
management was pleased to note that while the Company has been collaborating in
its CSR efforts with some well established names, this year it has also
partnered for the first time with organisations such as Dowites-78 Operations
and Thardeep Rural Development to help achieve their health and community
development objectives. After signing these MoUs, the SSGC MD conferred
'Acknowledgment of Collaboration' certificates to the representatives of each
organisation who also took turns to briefly explain their scope of work while
expressing their views on their collaboration with SSGC. staff report Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Maeve thinks on the hoof

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 505 words


Maeve O'Keeffe's parents, Eddie and Linda, set up Ballynoe Agri Services, in
East Cork, 15 years ago.

Starting with a small, light-engineering business, they diversified into biomass
energy with a wood-chip depot.

Maeve recently graduated from WIT with a degree in agricultural science.

As part of her studies, she spent 18 months on work experience in New Zealand.

There, she noticed that farmers and managers pared the hoofs of their own herds.
She learned that in Ireland it was rarely done by the farmers, because it is a
very physically demanding job and can be dangerous.

Farmers know lame cows should be treated immediately, but the job is put off
until there are a few cows lame together.

Maeve designed Inspect 4, a hydraulic hoof-paring crate, which takes the
physicality and danger out of this task. An animal is immobilised safely, and
securely, in the hoof-paring crate, and is then tilted carefully, using the
hydraulic system, so that all four hooves are at waist height for the farmer,
who can then inspect all four and treat them immediately.

The cost savings can be significant, particularly for farmers with bigger herds.
An animal can be treated as soon as its lameness is noticed, if necessary
straight after milking (with the Inspect 4 crate situated near the milking
parlour), and can then rejoin the herd.

This improves animal welfare and ensures that any loss of milk-production yield
is minimised, or even eliminated.

Fertility problems, and further loss of income, linked to lameness, can be
prevented; every missed heat costs the farmer  240 in milk sales.

The Inspect 4 crate can also be used for many other duties, such as dehorning,
castrating, dosing and vaccinating.

Maeve approached her local LEADER group, Avondhu Blackwater Partnership
(www.avondhublackwater.com), to discuss her invention.

She and her father had already built a prototype, and used the Inspect 4
hoof-paring crate on their own farm.

They presented their business plan and had their application for a LEADER grant
considered by Avondhu Blackwater Partnership. It was decided that the product
was both innovative and impressive, that it could exploit a niche in the market,
and, critically, that a sufficient target market existed into which it could be
sold. As a result, grant aid was approved.

Maeve won the prestigious innovation award at the Tullamore Show, and just
missed out on the first prize in the NPA/Toplink Innovation Award, at the
National Ploughing Championships.

Inspect 4 is now in production, thanks to the innovation, hard work and
dedication of Maeve O'Keeffe and her family.

A video demonstration of the Inspect 4 hoof-paring crate can be viewed on the
www.ballynoeagriservices.com website.

Avondhu Blackwater Partnership is the state-funded LEADER company for North
County Cork and is responsible, locally, for the Rural Development Programme,
Local Community Development Programme, the Rural Transport Programme, Community
Services Programme (Blackwater Community Connect), the Rural Social Scheme, and
the T  S initiative.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                            October 26, 2007, Friday
                                  1ST Edition

So who does care about the future of the rural West Midlands?;
Mark Pearce, Advantage West Midlands corporate director for economic
regeneration, looks outside the cities towards rural areas

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 706 words


Recently, rural regeneration charity ruralnetuk held its annual two-day
conference which took place at the Belfry in Warwickshire, sponsored by
Advantage West Midlands.

Entitled Rural Futures - Who Cares? the event centred on debate around some of
the most topical issues affecting rural areas - such as housing, carbon
emissions and schooling, and was attended by around 200 delegates.

What was clear from this event is just how the quality of life for thousands of
people in rural areas in the West Midlands is being enriched thanks to a series
of innovative and community-building schemes. The fact that 85 per cent of the
West Midlands is rural and home to 17 per cent of the region's population is a
fact not lost on us here at AWM.

AWM is spearheading various initiatives such as the Rural Regeneration Zone, the
Market Towns Programme, the Rural Development Programme for England and the
region's Farming and Food delivery plan, which are all helping to breathe new
life into rural areas.

The RRZ is using a budget of pounds 10 million a year to fund a variety of
schemes in large parts of Herefordshire, Worcestershire and Shropshire. Projects
making a difference to people's lives include the Redundant Building Grant
scheme, which converts derelict properties for commercial use, the pounds 2.5
million Ludlow Food Centre, Enterprise HQ in Shrewsbury - a business "home from
home" for rural entrepreneurs, and the Ludlow Eco Business Park.

The region is also looking forward to introducing the new pounds 53 million RDPE
programme for land managers, rural businesses and communities, and will focus on
opportunities in the Environmental Technologies, Food and Drink, Livestock,
Tourism and Leisure and Social and Community Action sectors. There will be
support for small-scale projects involving "basic services" in rural areas,
village renovation and projects promoting rural heritage and culture.
Communities' development ideas are currently being sought.

Elsewhere, a region-wide Wheels To Work scheme to help young, unemployed and
disadvan-taged people - also backed by AWM - has helped 627 youngsters get to
work, training or full time education on a loaned scooter, while the Rural
Broadband Access Project and Remote Area Broadband Inclusion Trial have tackled
'black spots' and enabled the West Midlands to become 100 per cent broadband
connected.

AWM is committed to improving access to opportunity and to boosting the number
and quality of jobs available within sustainable rural communities.

Through funding and business support across Shropshire, Herefordshire,
Worcestershire, Warwickshire and Staffordshire we are meeting the unique
challenges and opportunities faced by rural communities. The Rural Regeneration
Zone is the key delivery mechanism for our rural areas and the Zone's approach
continues to be unique in that it involves the collaboration of a broad
cross-section of society and organisations from business, from the public sector
and from voluntary organisations across the sub-region. Our vision remains that
by 2020 the Rural Regeneration Zone will be a connected rural area with a strong
economy, a healthy environment and rich quality of life for all and this remains
our guiding principle.

The RRZ's activity also includes funding a low-carbon communities programme
focusing on carbon reduction in businesses in the Shropshire towns of Bishops
Castle, Ellesmere, Oswestry and Cleobury Mortimer, and delivering the Nexus
programme in partnership with Community First, the Rural Community Council for
Herefordshire and Worcestershire. Grants of up to pounds 5,000 will help
communities gain access to key services such as health, training and employment.

However, it is only be having a coherent strategy that the many strands of
activity can truly benefit the rural parts of our region, which is the key role
AWM has to play.

The conclusion that came from the conference is that the big challenge facing us
now is to mainstream rural renaissance - to challenge everyone who delivers to
think rural and to be able to demonstrate how their approach is different.

"85 per cent of the West Midlands is rural and home to 17 per cent of the
region's population

This column is sponsored by Advantage West Midlands

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Pearce

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Derry Journal

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Cash boost for Derry community arts projects

LENGTH: 747  words


Community and arts projects across Derry are to receive financial backing
post-City of Culture.

The Community Foundation for Northern Ireland's Acorn Fund has announced the
list of grantees set to benefit from its three funding programmes.

This first round of funding will support several innovative community arts and
culture projects across Derry and will also enable six individual awards to
young people.

Thirteen projects will be supported through the Legacy Grants and the Acorn
Giving Circle while Inspire Bursaries of up to £3,000 have been awarded to six
young people with disabilities, allowing them to pursue training in the arts.

Supported by the Big Lottery Fund, the 2013 City of Culture Legacy Grants were
awarded to eight wide-ranging arts and culture initiatives across the region.

The Nerve Centre, for example, will work with Artichoke, the creative minds
behind last year's light spectacular Lumiere festival of light, and local
communities, to deliver a public light performance by internationally renowned
artist David Best, entitled Temple'.

The installation will include a repository for visitor messages and testimonies
of personal and collective stories.

Guildhall Press, meanwhile, will re-establish one of the City of Culture's 2013
key community projects, Portrait of a City. The publishing company will continue
to engage the public and build on the digital photographic and film archive by
hosting several collection days across the summer.

Other recipients of the Legacy Grant include the Foyle Down Syndrome Trust,
Glasgowbury Rural Key Programme, Learmount Community Development Group Ltd (Park
Village), Liberty Consortium and the North West Play Resource Centre.

These projects will aim to promote health and well-being within their
communities, help young people to break marginalisation patterns and address
rural isolation.

Frank Hewitt, the Big Lottery Fund's NI chair, said: The Big Lottery Fund is
delighted to be associated with the first announcement under the Acorn Fund's
Legacy Grants programme. The wide range of great projects being supported will
build on the successes of the first UK City of Culture and the investment we
made through our Culture for All programme.'

A further five county-wide community groups will benefit from the Acorn Giving
Circle (AGC), entirely funded by a group of local philanthropists dedicated to
helping improve the lives of children and young people in the Derry City Council
area.

A grant of £500 was awarded to the pupils of Holy Family Primary and Nursery
School which allowed them to travel to the world famous Royal Albert Hall for an
once-in-a-lifetime performance after winning the Barnardo's National Choir of
the Year competition earlier this year.

Another £500 will help towards the cost of Extern's horticulture project for
young people aged 10-17 living in residential care or in custody.

Speaking about the allocation of funding, Shauna Kelpie, Acorn Fund development
officer, said: It is such an exciting time for the Acorn Fund to be at the point
where we can announce the first round of recipients for all three funding
programmes.

Although the grants may be relatively small in monetary terms, we recognise the
impact that they will have and the far-reaching cultural contribution to local
communities. The projects will provide real and long term benefits to the
groups, allowing them to use arts and culture as a way of bringing people
together, address the challenges facing their local community and inspiring the
talent we have across the County of Derry~Londonderry.'

The Acorn Fund also announced the recipients of its Inspire Bursaries Programme.
Funded by the Paul Hamlyn Foundation UK, grants of up to £3,000 have been
awarded to six young people with disabilities allowing them to pursue training
in their chosen arts.

Donna-Marie Duddy will use her bursary to produce her debut EP on a limited
edition 12" vinyl for release in the autumn, while Emma O'Kane will use the
bursary to pursue further her training in dance and performance. All of the
successful applicants will receive mentored support during and following their
award period from the Acorn Fund, and will in turn act as mentors for future
bursary recipients.

Explaining what the bursary means to her, Donna-Marie said: The Acorn Fund
Inspire Bursary has given me the opportunity to work in a professional studio
beforehand, this was not possible. My professional EP could not happen without
the support of the Acorn Fund.'

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INJF


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                            November 7, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

New network puts megaphone on rural Ontario

BYLINE: Owen Roberts

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 665  words


It's pretty clear rural Ontario is either ticked off, feeling alienated, or
both. Agriculturally speaking, the provincial Liberals did everything possible
to win votes there over the past four years, continually bringing in new
programs - particularly a highly coveted insurance program - that farmers
requested. Even green energy was lauded by most farmers, particularly solar
power, despite some administrative hiccups.

Still, the Liberals were hammered. But I don't think it was a result of anger
specifically in the farm community. Rather, it was rural people thinking their
voices weren't being heard.

So it's timely indeed that a new initiative called the Rural Voices Network is
coincidentally being launched to give a forum to those who feel disenfranchised
from decision makers, and indeed, from each other. The network is being driven
by the Federated Women's Institutes of Ontario and supported by a $140,200
Ontario Trillium Foundation grant.

Over the next three months, public meetings will be held in seven communities
across Ontario, including Fergus and Guelph, as network officials and
researchers at the University of Guelph learn how and why people participate in
the common life of rural communities. Following that, surveys will be delivered
to 15,000 rural Ontario households, asking similar questions about what rural
citizens consider catalysts and barriers to civic engagement.

From afar, you'd hardly know barriers existed, given rural Ontario's block vote
against the provincial Liberals. But network project manager Manon Germain says
there's been a decline in civic engagement in rural communities in this
province. The citizenry may rally around election times to state its collective
case, but Germain says it's becoming increasingly disengaged with day-to-day
community activities that have traditionally made rural Ontario a place that
felt like home. For example, she was raised in northern Ontario, and recalls the
neighbourliness and volunteerism that was an integral part of the community
fabric.

"I think it's declining," she says. "I sense it in (the Federated Women's
Institutes of Ontario) and other rural organizations. We need to find out why
this is happening, and how people can be engaged to better their communities. We
need to put a megaphone to rural Ontario and find out what's going on."

Germain says pockets of understanding about rural issues exist throughout
Ontario on matters such as land use, and overall, conversations about huge
issues such as rural resource development and leadership are being tackled by
the Rural Ontario Institute. However, when it comes to developing public policy
specifically around civic engagement, she says the research is lacking. And if
indeed it exists, it isn't trickling down to the grassroots.

This project also breathes some new life - and a new non-gender specific mandate
- into the 115-year-old Federated Women's Institutes of Ontario organization.
It's been a rural mainstay, and with this research project, it's again taking a
leadership role in community development. Germain says there's a duality to this
project - besides empowering rural Ontario citizens by giving them a voice, it
also brings the existing strengths of the federation to rural Ontario which is
increasingly being counted on for the likes of food, resources, recreation,
housing and transportation.

Germain says this rural voices project will be based on a "Three Cs" approach -
communicate, collaborate and community. That means amplifying the voices of
rural community members to communicate their needs around civic engagement,
harness the collective power of rural organizations to make it happen, and
finally empower communities to engage in discussion.

"Rural citizens hold a huge wealth," says Germain. "There's value in building a
bridge of communication between rural citizens, organizational and municipal
leaders."

The first rural voices meeting is scheduled for Guelph Nov. 10. The Fergus
meeting will take place Nov. 27.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           September 10, 2012, Monday

STATEHOUSE BEAT;
Proof this is an election year

BYLINE: Phil Kabler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 815 words


THE FALL campaign season is off to a slow start (perhaps because it's looking
like there won't be that many tightly contested statewide races), but a glance
through any weekly or small-town newspaper provides proof that, yes, this is an
election year.

You'd be hard-pressed to pick up an issue of a local paper that doesn't have
pictures and articles about local legislators presenting Community Participation
Project grants to constituents.

Since January, the governor's office has approved 225 grants totaling $1.27
million.

As noted previously, legislators latched on to the CPP grants after being forced
to do away with the legislative Budget Digest in 2006 in the face of multiple
legal challenges and public criticism.

For legislators, there are two downsides to CPP grants: The available funds are
a fraction of what they used to allocate through the Budget Digest; and the
grants have to be approved by the governor's office.

(In the years immediately following the demise of the Budget Digest, legislators
complained that then-Gov. Joe Manchin would not turn loose of the CPP purse
strings...)

Some of the larger awards approved recently include: $8,000 for renovations at
the Huntington Museum of Art, $15,000 for Grant County Parks and Recreation
improvements; $16,000 for the Hardy County Rural Development Authority; $10,000
for the American Red Cross of North Central West Virginia; $7,000 for the A.D.
Lewis Community Center in Huntington; $15,000 for Hurricane City Park
improvements; $15,000 for welcome signs for the town of Man, Logan County;
$10,000 for roof repairs for the Tug River Health Association, McDowell County;
$24,000 for the Pumpkin Park Sheep House in Milton; $25,000 for the West
Virginia River and Rail Festival in Pleasants County; and $12,000 for
renovations to the Weirton Area Museum.

Among funding requests approved from Kanawha County legislators are: $9,800 for
a garbage truck for the town of Cedar Grove; $6,300 for a parking lot for the
Alum Creek Alliance for Community Developments; $7,000 for the Belle Community
Playground; $3,500 for roof replacement on the Glasgow Municipal Building; and
$1,000 for a beautification project for the town of East Bank. (As Mama June
might say, it's going to take more than $1,000 to make that town beautimous...)

---

Last week, I mentioned how the WCHS radio/MetroNews' decision to not only send
conservative talk show host Mike Agnello to the Republican National Convention,
but to have corporate sponsors for his coverage - one of which happened to be
the state Republican Party - raised questions about objectivity, particularly
since the station/network's owner is the Republican candidate for U.S. Senate.

Those issues of bias seemed to be confirmed last week, when WCHS/MetroNews
failed to send Agnello, or anyone, to cover the Democratic National Convention
in Charlotte.

---

Speaking of the RNC, isn't it ironic that Republicans have made hay over the
failure of Manchin, Earl Ray Tomblin, and Nick Rahall to attend the DNC, while
failing to point out that their Senate candidate, John Raese did not attend the
RNC, even though it was in Tampa, a short 20-minute Learjet flight from Raese's
"winter" home in Palm Beach?

Chad Holland, executive director of the state GOP, said of Raese's absence, "He
was focused on his campaign here in West Virginia."

(Hold it, isn't that the same excuse - er, reason - Manchin, Tomblin and Rahall
gave for skipping the DNC?)

Holland also stressed that Raese supports the Romney/Ryan ticket 100 percent.

---

Finally, add me to the list of those saying good riddance to the Marshall-West
Virginia University football series.

On one level, it was like fighting your little brother: There's not much
satisfaction gained by beating him up, and there would be no living it down if
he ever managed to land a knockout punch.

On another level, the series fostered the illusion that Marshall and WVU are
co-equal institutions. In reality, by no quantifiable measure - be it
enrollment, graduation rates, facilities, research dollars, endowments, academic
honors, or athletics - is Marshall by any means equal to WVU.

However, the illusion arguably clouded legislative actions. Case in point:
Then-Gov. Manchin's "Bucks for Brains" initiative to provide $50 million of
matching funds for research initiatives at the two schools.

Manchin proposed a 70/30 split of the funds, and there was even talk initially
among legislators of making it a 50/50 split. Never mind that, based on historic
research funding by institution, an 85/15 split would have been more rational.

Turns out, WVU raised its $35 million of funding, while I believe Marshall has
yet to reach its $15 million goal, even though it was allowed to draw down $5
million of "Bucks for Brains" funds to help underwrite costs for construction of
an athletic facility on campus...

Reach Phil Kabler at philk@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1220.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 19, 1990, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Lenders Feel New Pressures To Aid Poor Neighborhoods

BYLINE: By THOMAS J. LUECK

SECTION: Section 10; Page 1, Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 2025 words


Already squeezed by mounting defaults, lower earnings and a savings and loan
debacle that has made them shy away from many development proposals, the
nation's real estate lenders are now feeling pressure from another source - new
Federal rules that require greater attention to the credit needs of minorities
and low-income neighborhoods.

The rules, adopted last year, are part of the same law under which Congress
budgeted $157 billion to close hundreds of ailing thrift institutions. Although
the huge cost of the bailout - some experts say it will grow to $500 billion -
has largely overshadowed the law's provisions for community development, they
have not escaped the notice of bankers, who are coming under increasing scrutiny
by bank regulators.

Under one key provision of the 1989 law, the Federal Reserve and other
regulatory agencies began last month a review of the performance of lenders that
will lead to public ratings based on the quality of their service to poor
neighborhoods.

The impact seems certain to be strongest in New York City, the nation's center
of finance. One reason is the large number of major lending institutions in the
city.

Another is the city's huge 10-year program to renovate, build and manage
thousands of units of low- and moderate-income housing; dozens of community
groups are seeking construction loans and other financial support under that
program.

Bank executives are not eager to attribute their community spirit to the
dictates of Federal law. But since the requirements were adopted by Congress the
lenders have been making many unusual initiatives in low-income neighborhoods,
and no one suggests the timing is purely coincidental.

Community development offices are being established, executives recruited from
not-for-profit community groups and government agencies, and large pools of
money set aside for community development projects.

''It comes at a curious time because all real estate loans are being looked at
carefully, but banks are repositioning themselves to beef up community
development,'' said Gary Hattem, vice president in charge of a newly established
community development group at the Bankers Trust Company.

Among other new programs, Bankers Trust announced last Wednesday that it will
make a $500,000 grant to housing groups in Manhattan, Brooklyn and the Bronx
that manage buildings for the homeless. For Bankers Trust, the commitment is
unusual because its more conventional lines of business have almost nothing to
do with small-scale real estate lending, but instead encompass a wide range of
commercial development, corporate financing and international business.

And by traditional standards, Mr. Hattem is an unusual presence in the
starched-collar world of big-city banking. He was hired away in March from the
not-for-profit St. Nicholas Neighborhood Preservation Corporation, where he
spent 15 years as a community organizer in the blighted sections of the
Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn.

''The banks are clearly under pressure,'' said Paul Grogan, president of the
Local Initiatives Support Corporation, an organization that arranges private and
public financing for low-income housing around the country. ''They are actually
competing to lend in poor neighborhoods.''

Behind the flurry of activity is the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and
Enforcement Act of 1989, a 1,000-page law widely referred to by its acronym
Firrea (pronounced Fye-REE-ah).

Although its principal impetus was the savings and loan crisis, Congress
included the community development provisions after hearing persistent reports
of redlining and of inadequate banking services for poor people.

The most potent of the new rules, according to bank executives, is designed to
strengthen an existing law, the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977, which was
meant to end discriminatory lending and bank services. The 13-year-old law
empowered community groups or local officials to challenge, and in some cases
block, bank mergers, the opening of new branches and other ventures by lending
institutions that require regulatory approval.

If they have evidence that a lender provides poor or discriminatory service in
its own community, the local groups can mount Community Reinvestment Act
challenges at regulatory hearings.

The act also created new responsibilities for the Federal Reserve, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation and other regulators. Each was to review the
performance of the lenders it supervised, giving them ratings similar to a
student's ''A'' to ''F'' grades. The ratings were not disclosed to the public.

What was private under the Community Reinvestment Act will be public under
Firrea. Although the regulators conduct their reviews infrequently - at
intervals of three to five years for many lenders - the new law requires the
results of all future reviews to be made available to community groups, local
government officials or anyone else seeking to apply pressure on lenders.

Even if they do not face legal challenges, lenders that receive poor ratings
could suffer serious damage to their corporate prestige.

''Banks take a lot of pride in their public standing, and they want their
ratings to reflect that,'' said Mr. Hattem of Bankers Trust.

Other provisions of Firrea, aimed more directly at the beleaguered savings and
loan industry, are designed to push them into low-income housing projects.

One requires the nation's 12 Federal Home Loan Banks - Federal lending
institutions that provide financing to savings and loans - to put a percentage
of their net income each year into a pool of money used to offer
below-market-rate loans.

The banks have already set aside $78 million from their 1990 profits, and the
amount is expected to grow to at least $100 million a year by 1995.

Low-income housing projects across the nation were selected in July for the the
first round of loans under the program. In New York, the recipients include
groups that are building 186 homes in the South Bronx, rehabilitating a rental
apartment building in Albany and working on other forms of low- and
moderate-income housing.

Another Firrea rule applies to the Resolution Trust Corporation, the new Federal
agency set up to dispose of assets seized from insolvent thrift institutions.
The corporation must offer low-income housing groups the opportunity to buy any
home it seizes with an appraised value under $67,500 and is authorized by
Congress to offer the groups low-interest financing.

But experts say the provision of Firrea that are having the broadest impact on
lenders - and could make the biggest long-term difference in lending patterns -
is the new rating system, which went into effect this summer. Although industry
anaylsts are skeptical, bankers in some cities say they are approaching the new
rules with something close to evangelical zeal.

''I like to compare what is going on at banks to churches doing their community
outreach,'' said Gary Jewel, vice president and counsel for the First American
National Bank of Memphis. He added that the challenge to banks now is not only
in making more loans in low-income areas, but also in finding acceptable
projects and customers.

''We've got to find developers and contractors that are honest and reputable,''
he said. ''It doesn't mean lowering our standards, just working harder.''

The motivation of lenders is not entirely dictated by Firrea. After the heady
development boom of the 80's, which left many counting their defaults and loan
losses, some maintain that working with nonprofit groups in low-income
neighborhoods now looks like good business.

''These loans can be harder to make, but they are easier to live with,'' said
Hugh Loftus, director of community reinvestment for the Security Pacific Bank in
Los Angeles, which announced last month it would commit $2.4 billion in loans
over the next 10 years to projects or businesses in low- and moderate-income
areas, with the bulk going to not-for-profit housing groups.

He added that the bank considers working with not-for-profit groups attractive
because most are also receiving financing from several other sources, including
government agencies. ''That tends to make these very secure transactions,'' Mr.
Loftus said.

In the New York area, there are many examples of new community development
initiatives since Firrea was enacted.

In a major program, the Chase Manhattan bank this year established a new
subsidiary, the Chase Community Development Corporation, and said it would
commit $200 million over the next five years to affordable-housing programs and
other development projects in poor neighborhoods.

''The quality of the deals is very good, but by normal banking standards these
just are not considered traditional types of lending,'' said Mark Willis, an
urban economist and president of the Chase subsidiary and a former deputy
commissioner of New York City's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development.

So far, the Chase subsidiary's initiatives have ranged from large to off-beat.
It has invested heavily in the projects sponsored by the Local Initiative
Support Corporation and has established a mortgage loan program for low- and
moderate-income buyers, who need only a 5 percent down payment.

For its West Indian customers, it has set up the ''Su-Su Account'' - a form of
Christmas Club savings program under which immigrants from the West Indies,
whose culture dictates that they save money collectively, can use money
deposited by several people for down payments on real estate.

Foreign banks, whose United States operations are subject to the same rating
procedure as domestically owned lenders, have begun to commit money to
low-income housing.

In one example, Neighborhood Housing Services, a New York City not-for-profit
group, said in July that IJB Schroder Bank and Trust Company, a Japanese
concern, had committed $500,000 in loans for its low- and moderate-income
housing programs.

Executives at smaller banks in rural communities say that meeting the new
requirements of Firrea will require, more than anything else, an increase in
record keeping. Because few of the rural lenders serve communities where the
lines dividing ethnic neighborhoods or poor and affluent areas are clear, the
law is prompting bankers to meet with representatives of the poor to plan
lending programs and to keep painstaking records of their lending.

''Most of the bankers I talk to say we are already in compliance,'' said Robert
Moyer, president of the Wilber National Bank in Oneonta, N.Y., an upstate city
in a rural setting. ''But what is required under Firrea is very specific records
on what you have done.''

Lawmakers and political analysts say that one of the influences on Congress when
it adopted the new community development provisions was a series of reports on
discriminatory lending policies in several large cities.

''What we found was clearly a matter of insufficient enforcement'' of laws
banning discrimination under the Community Reinvestment Act, said Charles Finn,
director of the banking and community economic development project at the
University of Minnesota, which, since 1988, has conducted detailed studies of
mortgage lending practices in Atlanta, Detroit and Boston.

The studies, submitted to Congress when it deliberated Firrea, found many
examples of unequal lending in white and black neighborhoods. In Atlanta, for
example, Mr. Finn said he looked at lending patterns in white and black
neighborhoods that had the same income levels, and found that residents of the
black neighborhoods were five times less likely to have their application for a
home loan approved.

Because of Firrea, and the resulting initiatives by lenders to set up new
community development projects, ''there is clearly a formula being constructed
on how to conform to the Community Reinvestment Act,'' he said. Nonetheless, he
added that he has adopted a ''wait-and-see attitude.''

''The big decisions that you take to the board of directors have been made,'' he
said, ''but whether that reaches down to the day-to-day decisions of loan
committees remains to be seen.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

USDA Announces $14 Million in Grants Supporting Economic Growth for Rural
Communities

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced nearly $14 million in grants to support four
programs to increase prosperity in rural America through research, education,
and extension programs focused on promoting rural community development,
economic growth, and sustainability.

"Nearly 60 million Americans live in rural areas, and their value and impact
through the agriculture industry can be felt both domestically and
internationally," said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "To help these
communities remain prosperous and viable, we need to support discovery of new
ways that promote economic viability among producers, small businesses, and
communities in rural America."

Farmers, ranchers, and rural communities are the backbone and economic lifeblood
for Americans everywhere, providing food, feed, fiber, fuels, and open spaces.
However, rural areas and communities face many hardships. High poverty rates,
slow recovery from economic recession, and low average income per household are
all challenges to having a successful and viable community. Funding from NIFA is
expected to assist communities and regions in creating self-sustaining,
long-term economic development through research and strategic planning.

A fact sheet with a complete list of awardees and project descriptions is
available on the USDA website for the following projects selected for awards in
each AFRI program:

Rural Communities and Regional Development:

Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, Ala., $499,998
    University of Georgia, Athens, Ga., $474,998
    University of Idaho, Moscow, Idaho, $499,287
    Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, La., $499,789
    University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minn., $498,943
    Montana State University, Bozeman, Mont., $474,190
    Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y., $499,374
    University of Vermont, Burlington, Vt., $499,994

Agricultural Economics and Rural Communities - Environment:

University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $500,000
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $500,000
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $499,976
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $498,393
    University of Rhode Island, Kingston, R.I., $463,096
    University of Rhode Island, Kingston, R.I., $47,882
    Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Va., $313,557

Agricultural Economics and Rural Communities - Economics, Markets and Trade:

University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Ark., $399,867
    University of Illinois, Urbana, Ill., $49,600
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $499,709
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa., $245,131
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $500,000
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio., $494,547
    Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, Okla., $485,414
    University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, Wis., $379,234
    University of Wyoming, Laramie, Wyo., $149,858

NIFA also provided funds through the Small and Medium-sized Farm program, which
provides farmers and ranchers assistance in their decision making with respect
to management strategies, new technologies, sustainability, competitiveness, and
viability. Funded projects focus on developing new disciplinary or
multidisciplinary models to assist agricultural landowner's decision-making in
scale management strategies and technologies to enhance economic efficiency and
sustainability. This includes the viability and competitiveness of small and
medium-sized dairy, poultry, livestock, crop, forestry, and other commodity
operations.

Fiscal year 2014 Small and Medium-Sized Farms include:

University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Ark., $499,978
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $471,462
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $499,995
    University of Massachusetts, Amherst, Mass., $499,380
    Alcorn State University, Lorman, Miss., $499,794
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $384,913
    Oregon State University, Corvallis, Ore., $499,996
    University of Vermont, Burlington, Vt., $499,978

NIFA made the awards through the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative's
(AFRI) Foundational Program, which supports projects that sustain and enhance
agricultural and related activities in rural areas and to protect the
environment, enhance quality of life, and alleviate poverty. Topical issues
include, but are not limited to, the interactions between agriculture,
environment, and communities in rural areas; demographic changes and impacts;
consumer preferences or behavior; decision-making under uncertainty; market
structure and performance; policy design and impact; or agriculture's impact on
the environment.

The purpose of AFRI is to support research, education, and extension work by
awarding grants that address key problems of national, regional, and multi-state
importance in sustaining all components of food and agriculture. AFRI is NIFA's
flagship competitive grant program authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill and
supports work in six priority areas: 1) plant health and production and plant
products; 2) animal health and production and animal products; 3) food safety,
nutrition and health; 4) bioenergy, natural resources and environment; 5)
agriculture systems and technology; and 6) agriculture economics and rural
communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 2, 2004 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                  All Editions

Pine Tree firms beginning to reap benefits

BYLINE: ALAN ELLIOTT OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 1326 words


Two years after then U.S. Rep. John E. Baldacci set out a seven-point economic
package during his run for governor, Maine businesses and communities are
starting to chalk up benefits from what once was a campaign promise.

The bundle of state-proffered tax, wage and investment incentives called the
Pine Tree Zone program moved forward June 30 with a deadline for communities
wanting to apply for Pine Tree Zone status, and with the July 1 roll-out of new
program benefits.

Aimed specifically at communities hamstrung by low wages and high unemployment,
the program, since April has certified more than 100 communities and 18
businesses statewide as participants. The first concrete benefits won't land on
company books until early next year. They will be paid based on year-end reports
of investment, expansion and jobs added by each business.

The zones boost the state's role as an economic development partner in some of
Maine's most troubled regions. And they are coaxing new development in towns as
far flung as Lisbon Falls, Pittsfield and Presque Isle.

The timing could hardly be better. A recovering national economy is enhancing
corporate expansion and capital improvement initiatives put on hold during the
country's economic crunch. Maine's first Pine Tree Zone-certified companies
began accruing benefits just as U.S. economic indicators started to perk. For
example, the warming economy and Pine Tree incentives, combined with a $400,000
federal Community Development Block Grant applied for by the town of Pittsfield,
gave the green light to a $1.2 million expansion of Mass.-based Walpole
Woodworkers Inc. at the Pittsfield Industrial Park.

"We're just waiting for the grant to come through," said Louis Maglio, president
of the 71-year-old fence and outdoor-furniture company. "We have the purchase
sales agreement on the building, we have our bank financing lined up and
engineers at work on the [design]. We should be fully operational by the first
of the year."

In addition to the Walpole project, Pine Tree Zone incentives have played into
decisions to add jobs at the Knight-Celotex fiberboard mill in Lisbon Falls and
to expand technology-based services at insurance company Maine Mutual Group in
Presque Isle.

An additional 72 businesses so far have expressed interest in the program. Six
of those, in addition to the 18 already certified, have filed applications.

The eight designated regions in which communities can create Pine Tree Zones
effectively cover the entire state. Each region can present a maximum of 5,000
acres to receive benefits. To qualify, a community must show unemployment above
the state average, show below-average wages or have lost more than 5 percent of
its population or work force over the last 3 years.

Eligible companies must be in one of nine targeted industry sectors, and must
satisfy specific guidelines for growth and-or investment to trigger the actual
benefits.

The targeted industries include financial services, manufacturing, advanced
technologies for forestry and agriculture, aquaculture and marine technology,
biotechnology, composites materials technology, environmental technology,
information technology, and precision manufacturing technology.

"You have to prove growth and expansion," said Elaine Scott, marketing director
for economic and community development. "The benefits are based on performance."

Incentives include a refund of all corporate income and insurance premium taxes
for five years, and a 50 percent refund for another five. The program extends a
community's ability to offer tax increment financing. On July 1 it began to
exempt construction materials and equipment purchases a company makes related to
its Pine Tree Zone operations from all sales and use taxes.

What will that amount to? Matthew McHattan, vice president of marketing with the
Maine Mutual Group in Presque Isle says conservative estimates, based on his
company's plans for technology improvements and expansion, range from $75,000 to
$95,000 this year.

"For a company like us, at $95 million [in annual revenue], competing against
$250 million, $500 million or $1 billion companies, this is a big deal,"
McHattan said. "We're a big company for Maine, but not a big company in the
insurance industry overall, and this really gives us a much-needed advantage."

McHattan said additional benefits could come from the employment tax increment
financing incentives included in the Pine Tree Zones. Those benefits kick in
once a certified company adds five or more new employees. Withholdings paid by
those employees to the state are rebated at the end of the year to the employer.
Available at a 30 to 70 percent level in other areas of the state, Pine Tree
Zone ETIFs are an automatic 80 percent. The incentive channels a portion of what
otherwise would become state tax revenue to help the participating company pay
for the creation of those jobs.

"It doesn't assist the employee, other than the fact that they have jobs they
wouldn't otherwise have," said Jeff Sosnaud, deputy commissioner of economic and
community development. "But it assists the company."

At the regional level, Pine Tree Zones are being implemented and managed by the
network of six economic development agencies funded by the U.S. Economic
Development Administration. Eastern Maine Development Corp., for example,
administers a huge swathe of four separate Pine Tree Zones, including 47
certified communities spread from Waldo County and Down East up through the
Penobscot River Valley.

Northern Maine Development Commission, on the other hand, will manage the 14
communities and any other that might qualify in the Aroostook County Pine Tree
Zone. The Pine Tree Zone incentives will layer onto benefits that much of the
region hopes to see under its federal empowerment zone status.

NMDC director Bob Clark said the Pine Tree Zone incentives are a welcome
addition to the region's work to crank over its economy. The earmarking of
federal community development block grant funds, should be particularly helpful,
he said, limiting competition for those funds to Pine Tree Zone designated
businesses.

With four out of five states already offering similarly tailored programs,
however, Maine is clearly late in getting into the game. But Michael Hickey,
president of Hickey & Associates, a Minneapolis, Minn.-based consulting firm
that helps an array of Fortune 500 level companies find suitable locations for
expansion and relocation worldwide, says the game may be changing in Maine's
favor.

Hickey said many companies traditionally have tended to focus on communities
with populations of more than 300,000, because of work force, transportation and
other issues. But those tendencies are changing, he said, as new types of
companies and jobs expand the prospects for rural areas of the country. At the
same time, Hickey said, states such as Maine and Minnesota - long pigeonholed as
rural, cold and isolated - have become much more market-savvy.

"The image that worked against Maine in the past doesn't so much anymore," he
said. "It has done a very good job of marketing itself as a good place to do
business, a very good job of being competitive from a cost perspective and a
good job in terms of telling companies it's not just a state full of woods and
farm fields."

Hickey said his company has not located any companies here, although he has
placed clients up and down the East Coast.

"But I think Maine is more and more on the radar screen for site selectors," he
said. "Public incentives and demographics are a key part of it."

Walpole's Maglio, who expects to relocate to Maine about half of the company's
90-person manufacturing crew now located in Walpole, said the Pine Tree Zone
program played a decisive part in the decision.

"It had a good deal of influence. We had an opportunity to take some of our
manufacturing into North Carolina," he said. "And based on the Pine Tree Zone
and some of the other issues, it just nudged us to go to Maine."

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 8, 2004



CORRECTION: A June 29 [sic] Business page story on the state's Pine Tree
economic development zones should have said sales and use tax exemptions on
purchases of Pine Tree Zone-related equipment and construction materials will
begin July 1, 2005, not this year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             March 29, 2013 Friday

SSGC inks CSR MoUs with reputable organisations

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. X No. 87

LENGTH: 349  words


The Sui Southern Gas Company created a record of sorts when Memorandums of
Understanding (MoUs) were signed and exchanged with eight reputable and renowned
educational institutions and non-governmental organisations (NGOs) out of eleven
such organisations that would be benefiting from the gas utility's Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives during fiscal year 2012-13.

SSGC MD Zuhair Siddiqui exchanged MoU documents with the representatives of the
collaborative partner organisations, that included, The Citizens Foundation, NED
University, Institute of Business Management, Family Educational Services
Foundation, Omair Sana Foundation, Dowites-78 Operations, Thardeep Rural
Development Programme and Indus Resource Centre in an elegant and well attended
ceremony organised by the company's corporate communication department at the
Head Office auditorium. SGM (Corporate and Legal Affairs) Yusuf J Ansari and
Deputy General Manager (Corporate Communications) Nasreen Hussain were also
seated on stage to witness the exchange of MoUs.

Apart from the above-mentioned organisations, SSGC also previously inked MoUs
with Sukkur IBA, Balochistan University of IT, Engineering and Management
Sciences, Quetta and Forman Christian College, Lahore to supplement the
scholarship programs for their deserving and meritorious students. The officials
of these institutions, however, could not make it to today's signing ceremony.

In his welcome speech, SGM (Corporate and Legal Affairs) reiterated that the
management was pleased to note that while the Company has been collaborating in
its CSR efforts with some well established names, this year it has also
partnered for the first time with organisations such as Dowites-78 Operations
and Thardeep Rural Development to help achieve their health and community
development objectives.

After signing these MoUs, the SSGC MD conferred 'Acknowledgment of
Collaboration' certificates to the representatives of each organisation who also
took turns to briefly explain their scope of work while expressing their views
on their collaboration with SSGC.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                           October 26, 2013 Saturday

Role of local bodies in development

LENGTH: 1305 words

DATELINE: Guwahati


Guwahati, Oct. 26 -- Local bodies are institutions of the local self governance
which look after the administration of an area or small community such as
villages, towns, or cities. Local self Govt. was prevalent during the British
period. In the pre-independence period, Indian villages were organized in a way
that enabled them to maintain social order through the Panchayats. The
Panchayats were responsible for maintaining and governing village society in
accordance with the socio-political norms in their times. Establishment of
village panchayat in a number of provinces was a major achievement during the
British period. In India, local bodies are broadly classified into two
categories viz. Rural Local Bodies (RLB) and Urban Local Bodies (ULB). Local
Government is a State subject and the Indian Constitution enshrines the basic
principle for devolution of power to the local bodies. In the country's journey
towards becoming an economic power, local bodies play an important role which
strive for improvement in quality of life of the citizens through the
augmentation of infrastructure.

Mahatma Gandhi advocated for Panchayati Raj, a decentralized form of Government
where each village is responsible for its own affairs which is the foundation of
India's political system. Gandhiji's vision was 'Gram Swaraj' or village
self-governance. It was adopted by the state governments during 1950- 60s, as
laws were passed to establish Panchayats in various states. Panchayati Raj is
included in the State List of the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution. It is
the responsibility of each State government for devolution of powers to the
Panchayats. After India's independence, Community Development Programme was
started in 1952 which did not succeed. Ashok Mehta Committee was set up during
1977 to review the performance of the Panchayats. The committee found that
Panchayati Raj is the soul of democracy and therefore it should be empowered
with more authority. It was realized during 1990 that without constitutional
power, the self-government can't achieve its desired goal. The decentralization
initiated by Govt of India through 73rd and 74th amendments of the Indian
Constitution has given greater responsibilities and powers to the Panchayats and
Nagar Palikas as the third tier of governance offering a new era of opportunity
for local level planning, effective implementation and monitoring of various
social and economic development programmes in the country. The National
Statistical System is assisting various developmental agencies in this
challenging endeavor. The Amendment Act of 1992 contains provision for
devolution of powers and responsibilities to the panchayats both for preparation
of plans for economic development and social justice and for implementation of
the twenty nine subjects listed in the eleventh schedule of the constitution.
Presently there are about 3 million elected representatives in the country at
all levels of the panchayat of which one-third are women. The panchayats cover
about 96 per cent villages of the country and nearly 99.6 per cent of rural
population. This is an example of the largest system of decentralisation of
governance. The panchayats receive funds from local body grants as recommended
by the Central Finance Commission, funds for implementation of
centrally-sponsored schemes, funds released by the state government on the
recommendations of the State Finance Commissions etc. Although the Panchayats
have historically been an integral part of rural life in India, the Acts
promulgated have institutionalised the Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs) at the
village level. The aim has been to combine social justice with effective local
governance with participation of women.

In Assam, the Assam Panchayati Raj Act was passed during 1986 and it introduced
three-tier Panchayat System in the State. The strong three-tier system with 21
Zilla Parishads, 188 Anchalik Panchayats and 2202 Gaon Panchayats are rendering
yeoman service to the existing Panchayat Raj system in the State. The Panchyati
Raj Institutions (PRI) in the State is implementing all the activities of the
Panchayat and Rural development Department and is making all out efforts to
achieve Gandhiji's vision of "Gram Swaraj". The 2011 census data reveals that
86% population of the State resides in rural areas. Hence to achieve the desired
development of the State, the development of the rural areas must first take
place. In this respect, the Panchayats should play a pro-active role for
bringing the rural economy at par so that the State can march ahead in its path
of development. Govt of Assam successfully completed two Panchayat elections
(2001 and 2007) thereby registering a landmark in the history of Panchayati Raj
System in the State. The activities of the PRIs are manifold. All the major
programmes in respect of Rural Development viz. MGNREGA, IAY, BRGF etc. are
implemented through PRIs. Besides, the Panchayat have to play an active role in
the development works of the village in respect of education, health,
agriculture, child development, PWD, veterinary etc. The initiation of the PRIs
is pivotal in successful implementation of all these schemes as each of the
components is related to one or other sector of the economy.

Moreover, besides this, Panchayats are to prepare their own annual budget and
accounts, different work programmes etc. Panchayat accounts are maintained by
the Panchayat secretaries and provisions have been made for social audit of
Panchayat work by Gaon Sabhas which are very much instrumental in all the
developmental activities in the Panchayats. The introduction of IT in the
Panchayat Raj Institutions in the State has made the activities more transparent
and accountable. For strengthening the entire Panchayat Raj system in the State,
capacity building of its functionaries is very much vital so as to enable them
to discharge their functions more scientifically. The State Institute of Rural
Development (SIRD), State Level Composite Centre and Zonal Level Extension
Training Centres are contributing their services in this regard so as to cater
to the needs of the PRIs in the State. The13th Finance Commission (FC) grant has
also made provision for preparation of data base in respect of the RLBs of the
State and considerable progress of work has been made in this respect through
the State Directorate of Economics and Statistics (DES). The DES has also
planned to initiate capacity building programmes in respect of the officials of
the PRIs throughout the State under this 13th FC grant.

Like the RLBs, Govt of India through enactment of 74th Amendment of constitution
took an important initiative to strengthen the municipal administration in the
country. Through this initiative, an attempt has been made to improve the
performance of the municipalities for discharging their duties efficiently. The
Constitution (74th Amendment) Act, 1992 provisions, thus, provide a basis for
the State Legislatures to guide the State Governments in the assignment of
various responsibilities to municipalities and to strengthen municipal
governance in the country. Many States have accordingly amended their Municipal
Acts to bring the operational efficiencies in conformity with the Constitutional
provisions. Urban local bodies/municipalities play an important role in the
planning and development of urban areas. As per the recommendation of the
National Statistical Commission (NSC), a pilot project viz. Basic Statistics on
Local Level Development (BSLLD) was launched by Ministry of Statistics &
Programme Implementation (MOSPI), Govt of India.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

BIZ BUZZ: Tech repair business opens shop

BYLINE: Sarah Einselen, Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


May 28--The owner of a Logansport computer repair firm has opened office hours
at his longtime repair workspace.

Stack-Tech, the one-man repair shop run by Joseph Stackhouse, began holding
office hours for walk-in repair requests about a month ago at the firm's
building at 17th and Smead streets.

"That was always the goal," Stackhouse said. "I've been operating out of it, I
just haven't had it open to the public."

He launched the firm about two years ago in his hometown after working at a tech
firm in Indianapolis for a few years. Up to now, he's carried out repairs by
picking up computers, mobile phones or gaming consoles to be fixed and dropping
them back off after making the repairs.

Many people with desktop computers prefer to let a professional detangle the
cords and cables connecting the components, Stackhouse explained.

Business has been brisk since opening the office for walk-in service, he said.

"I knew as soon as we opened the front doors, word of mouth would pick up,"
Stackhouse said.

Depending how business progresses over the next few months, he's considering
hiring an assistant to handle the volume. He continues to do pickups and
dropoffs after office hours.

"I think what we're going to do is improve what we're doing now, because
obviously it's working," Stackhouse said of his plans over the next half a year.
He added he's looking at taking on high school interns interested in a career in
technology.

"The community's very supportive," he said. "...If you do a good job, the people
here really appreciate it."

Stack-Tech is open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday and 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Saturdays. Stackhouse can be reached at 574-992-8450.

REGIONAL COUNCIL OBTAINS $86K GRANT

Now about a year and a half old, the North Central Indiana Regional Planning
Council has teamed up with a statewide agency to get about $86,000 in grant
funding to train downtown revitalization leaders.

The council worked with the Indiana Association of Regional Councils, which
applied for and received a 50-50 match grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Community Development Initiative on NCIRPC's behalf. The
local match funds come from NCIRPC, which is funded by contributions from the
six member counties including Cass, Fulton and Miami.

NCIRPC Director Steven Ray said the grant application focused on the region's
main street organizations. Logan's Landing, the downtown Logansport
organization, and Walton Main Street are two of the five targeted especially in
the grant plans.

What the grant funds is "a train-the-trainer program," Ray said. It'll pay for
training and resources for leaders in the main street organizations to better
turn their strategic plans into reality, he added.

All told, the grant funds a three-year process expected to start in the fall, he
said.

Reach Sarah Einselen at sarah.einselen@pharostribune.com, 574-732-5151 or on
Twitter @PharosSME

___ (c)2016 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160528-LG-BIZ-BUZZ-Tech-repair-business-opens-shop-0528-20160528

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2016 Pharos-Tribune


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Japan News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday
                                   S Edition

City dwellers pursue dreams in rural areas

BYLINE: Kenichi Sumitomo, Yomiuri Shimbun Staff Writer

SECTION: SOCIETY; Pg. 2; No. 23738

LENGTH: 827 words


ACHI, Nagano -- Hiroto Motoyanagi, who hails from Kanagawa Prefecture, moved to
Achi, Nagano Prefecture, in 2011 under a central government program to encourage
young people from urban areas to live in sparsely populated rural areas.
Although his service period ended at the end of fiscal 2013, Motoyanagi decided
to remain in the village because he had married a local woman.

Motoyanagi went to Achi as a member of Chiiki Okoshi Kyoryokutai (see below), or
local community development cooperation group, which allows young people to work
in underpopulated areas before starting a career. When their service period
ends, some members return to their former places of residence to begin a career,
while others choose to settle in the areas they worked in.

While working under the program, Motoyanagi, now 31, initially aimed to start a
business using woody biomass as fuel for hot spring facilities by taking
advantage of residual products of forest thinning. His plan fell through, and
Motoyanagi now works in the timber industry, thinning forests for local
residents. He also grows vegetables and rice on abandoned land.

Settling down

When Motoyanagi attended a meeting of a local youth association, he met a woman
during his second year in Achi who would become his wife. The couple now has a
son and a daughter. His wife runs a beauty salon that serves as a place for
relaxation and refreshment for local women.

Motoyanagi said that before coming to the village, he had unsuccessfully applied
for jobs at major companies.

"I'm glad that the village accepted me and I could settle here," he said.

The number of participants in the government initiative has been increasing
every year. In fiscal 2015, 2,625 people worked under the program in 673
municipalities nationwide.

"In the past, most participants were in their 30s and joined the program to
utilize their work experience in urban areas," said Hosei University Prof. Naoya
Zushi, an expert on the program. "But in recent years, more and more people in
their 20s take part, as they appreciate life in the countryside, which is
blessed with rich natural environments and whose residents are welcoming."

Using experience

More and more participants settle in the areas they worked in even after they
complete their service periods. A survey conducted by the Internal Affairs and
Communications Ministry of 945 participants in the program through fiscal 2014
showed that more than half settled either in the municipalities they served in
or in neighboring areas.

Some participants return to urban areas when they complete their service, taking
jobs in which they can use their experience from working in rural areas.

Kazuto Kashikura, 23, for example, participated in the program while at
university and worked in Wake, Okayama Prefecture. He returned to Tokyo when his
service period was over and found a place at a trading company.

During his stay in Wake, Kashikura renovated a vacant shop near a station into a
place for cultural exchange where residents can hold various events such as art
exhibitions and theatrical presentations. He believed this experience would
become helpful in his career.

However, not all participants benefit. For example, one 29-year-old man who
worked under the program until the end of last fiscal year remains unemployed
while attending a vocational training school. He said that while working in a
rural area, he only did chores that residents asked him to do, such as helping
them with rice growing and driving the elderly to and from care facilities.

Taking the initiative

Taishi Azuma, director of Sonraku, a general incorporated association that
advises organizations on activities to revitalize local communities, said that
merely doing what one is asked to do will not lead to good results after leaving
the program.

"Before going to an assigned place, participants should compile their own ideas
about what they want to do and take the initiative by explaining the idea and
persuading local residents to cooperate," Azuma said.

Azuma himself participated in the program in Mimasaka, Okayama Prefecture, from
fiscal 2011 to 2013.

Zushi said that it would be ideal to try to implement one's own activities in
the last year of the three-year term.

"It's also a good idea to make sure that the local area you are assigned to
suits you by visiting the place before taking up a post," he said.

-- Chiiki Okoshi Kyoryokutai

A program started by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry in fiscal
2009 with the aim of repopulating local areas. Local municipalities recruit
young people to underpopulated areas from urban areas. Participants work in the
municipalities as part-time public servants for one to three years. During their
tenure, members engage in the agriculture, forestry and fishery industries and
support local residents' daily lives. Each municipality receives a grant from
the central government, and participants receive a stipend of 160,000 yen to
200,000 yen per month.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Japan News

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday
                                   S Edition

City dwellers pursue dreams in rural areas

BYLINE: Kenichi Sumitomo, Yomiuri Shimbun Staff Writer

SECTION: SOCIETY; Pg. 2; No. 23738

LENGTH: 827 words


ACHI, Nagano -- Hiroto Motoyanagi, who hails from Kanagawa Prefecture, moved to
Achi, Nagano Prefecture, in 2011 under a central government program to encourage
young people from urban areas to live in sparsely populated rural areas.
Although his service period ended at the end of fiscal 2013, Motoyanagi decided
to remain in the village because he had married a local woman.

Motoyanagi went to Achi as a member of Chiiki Okoshi Kyoryokutai (see below), or
local community development cooperation group, which allows young people to work
in underpopulated areas before starting a career. When their service period
ends, some members return to their former places of residence to begin a career,
while others choose to settle in the areas they worked in.

While working under the program, Motoyanagi, now 31, initially aimed to start a
business using woody biomass as fuel for hot spring facilities by taking
advantage of residual products of forest thinning. His plan fell through, and
Motoyanagi now works in the timber industry, thinning forests for local
residents. He also grows vegetables and rice on abandoned land.

Settling down

When Motoyanagi attended a meeting of a local youth association, he met a woman
during his second year in Achi who would become his wife. The couple now has a
son and a daughter. His wife runs a beauty salon that serves as a place for
relaxation and refreshment for local women.

Motoyanagi said that before coming to the village, he had unsuccessfully applied
for jobs at major companies.

"I'm glad that the village accepted me and I could settle here," he said.

The number of participants in the government initiative has been increasing
every year. In fiscal 2015, 2,625 people worked under the program in 673
municipalities nationwide.

"In the past, most participants were in their 30s and joined the program to
utilize their work experience in urban areas," said Hosei University Prof. Naoya
Zushi, an expert on the program. "But in recent years, more and more people in
their 20s take part, as they appreciate life in the countryside, which is
blessed with rich natural environments and whose residents are welcoming."

Using experience

More and more participants settle in the areas they worked in even after they
complete their service periods. A survey conducted by the Internal Affairs and
Communications Ministry of 945 participants in the program through fiscal 2014
showed that more than half settled either in the municipalities they served in
or in neighboring areas.

Some participants return to urban areas when they complete their service, taking
jobs in which they can use their experience from working in rural areas.

Kazuto Kashikura, 23, for example, participated in the program while at
university and worked in Wake, Okayama Prefecture. He returned to Tokyo when his
service period was over and found a place at a trading company.

During his stay in Wake, Kashikura renovated a vacant shop near a station into a
place for cultural exchange where residents can hold various events such as art
exhibitions and theatrical presentations. He believed this experience would
become helpful in his career.

However, not all participants benefit. For example, one 29-year-old man who
worked under the program until the end of last fiscal year remains unemployed
while attending a vocational training school. He said that while working in a
rural area, he only did chores that residents asked him to do, such as helping
them with rice growing and driving the elderly to and from care facilities.

Taking the initiative

Taishi Azuma, director of Sonraku, a general incorporated association that
advises organizations on activities to revitalize local communities, said that
merely doing what one is asked to do will not lead to good results after leaving
the program.

"Before going to an assigned place, participants should compile their own ideas
about what they want to do and take the initiative by explaining the idea and
persuading local residents to cooperate," Azuma said.

Azuma himself participated in the program in Mimasaka, Okayama Prefecture, from
fiscal 2011 to 2013.

Zushi said that it would be ideal to try to implement one's own activities in
the last year of the three-year term.

"It's also a good idea to make sure that the local area you are assigned to
suits you by visiting the place before taking up a post," he said.

--Chiiki Okoshi Kyoryokutai

A program started by the Internal Affairs and Communications Ministry in fiscal
2009 with the aim of repopulating local areas. Local municipalities recruit
young people to underpopulated areas from urban areas. Participants work in the
municipalities as part-time public servants for one to three years. During their
tenure, members engage in the agriculture, forestry and fishery industries and
support local residents' daily lives. Each municipality receives a grant from
the central government, and participants receive a stipend of 160,000 yen to
200,000 yen per month.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Crain's Small Business Detroit

                               September 05, 1994

EMPOWERMENT ZONE:  THE NUTS AND BOLTS

SECTION: News; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 665 words


WHAT IT IS:

This fall, the President's Community Enterprise Board will select the nine
empowerment zones and 95 enterprise communities that form the heart of President
Clinton's urban revitalization plan.

The federal government intends to designate six urban empowerment zones, 65
urban enterprise communities, three rural empowerment zones and 30 rural
enterprise communities.

For Detroit and other competing cities, it's a chance to be on the first rung of
a federal urban revitalization policy that got shortchanged in past
administrations. But every city can't be in the game, and it's up to the
Community Enterprise Board to select the winning participants from competitive
applications.

Then the winners will coordinate a host of federal grants, funds, tax benefits
and other programs. They'll get much-needed federal dollars - $100 million over
two years - to help achieve economic-and social-development goals.

Additionally, each urban zone will be eligible to tap into these federal
economic programs:

The Department of Housing and Urban Development has reserved $500 million
through its Section 108 Loan Guarantee program and another $500 million in
Section 108 Economic Revitalization Grants and funds from the Community
Development Block Grant program.

The Treasury Department will administer $2.5 billion in tax benefits.

The Federal National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, has $1 billion in
mortgage loans and housing investments committed to the empowerment zones.

BUSINESS INCENTIVES:

Tax perks: The Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 gives special tax breaks for
10 years to companies operating in empowerment zones and enterprise communities.
These include wage credits; Section 179 deductions; and new, tax-exempt bonds.

Wage credits: An employer can claim a sliding-scale tax credit beginning with 20
percent of the first $15,000 of qualified wages for each employee who meets the
criteria. After 2001, the credit diminishes as follows: 2002, 15 percent or
$2,250; 2003, 10 percent or $1,500; and 2004, 5 percent or $750.  These wage
credits are subject to restrictions, and some employee categories cannot be
claimed.

Section 179 deduction: The maximum deduction is raised from $17,500 to $37,500
for property purchased for use in a trade or business that qualifies for
investment tax credits. Under normal Internal Revenue Service regulations, a 179
deduction can be taken for the first year that property is used, rather than
depreciated over its lifetime. The property must have been purchased after
designation of the zone and must be used in the zone as part of a trade or
business activity.

Tax-exempt-bond financing: Targeted empowerment- or enterprise-zone businesses
and land are eligible to use  qualified private or enterprise-zone facility
bonds, which have lower interest rates than conventional financing.

ONE STOP CAPITAL SHOP:

A growth initiative to provide $3.2 billion in business assistance and capital
for job and business creation. Designated agencies will administer the shop's
capital and technical support through small and specialized small-business
investment, lending and development companies.

Its components are:

Specialized Small Business Investment Companies for equity investment with
socially and economically disadvantaged businesses.

Small Business Investment Companies for equity investment with any small
business.

Small Business Lending Companies for extending business loans.

Micro-Enterprise Lending Companies for business loans of $25,000 or less.

Certified Development Companies that provide real-estate and equipment loans.

Technical assistance will be provided through the U.S. Small Business
Administration's Small Business Development Centers, Business Information
Centers, the Service Corps of Retired Executives and the Minority Small Business
and Capital Ownership Development program, with emphasis on disadvantaged and
woman-owned businesses.

LOAD-DATE: December 09, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Townsville Sun (Australia)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Townsville City Council Budget 2008-2009 70th birthday celebrations for city's
library service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 240 words


TOWNSVILLE'S libraries will celebrate 70 years of operation and introduce new
technology for improved services to the public in the City Budget.

Funding includes $105,000 for the introduction of express service machines for
easier and faster check out of library items.

An additional $9000 has been allocated for 70th birthday celebrations of the
Townsville Library Service which introduced Queensland's first free public
library in 1938.

New PC booking and print management software will be installed at the Thuringowa
branch.

Other highlights include:

* $113,000 for learning and educational initiatives in libraries including
programs to assist with computer literacy, children's activities and projects
and a continuation of the Sir Robert Philp Lecture series.

* $726,000 from a State Library of Queensland grant for purchasing books, data
bases and other library resources.

The Budget also allocates $340,000 for council's free Mobile Neighbourhood
Libraries which provide services to residents with stops throughout the urban
and rural areas of Townsville.

Lifestyle and Community Development Committee chair, Jenny Lane, said the City
Budget ensured Townsville remained at the forefront of library services in the
State.

``The budget will ensure residents enjoy high quality library services right
across the amalgamated city," Cr Lane said.

``This year will be extra special for our libraries with the 70th birthday
celebrations a big highlight."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TOW


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Financial Planning

                                  October 2010

Mortgage Managers

SECTION: MORTGAGE MANAGERS; Pg. 16 Vol. 20 No. 1

LENGTH: 2311  words


CALIFORNIA

San Francisco-Bridger Commercial Funding hired Gary Woods as a relationship
manager serving Bridger Commercial's clients in Texas and the Southwest.

Woods brings more than 25 years of commercial real estate finance experience as
an originator and entrepreneur to his position at Bridger.

His experience on the debt and equity sides of commercial financing includes
originating commercial real estate investments for CIGNA and a senior commercial
real estate lender role at GE Real Estate.

He also originated debt and equity investments for the Lone Star Funds and
launched a mortgage origination company that he later sold to NorthStar Realty
Finance.

Santa Ana-First American Financial Corp. appointed Max Valdes as chief financial
officer and Mark Seaton as senior vice president, finance, at the company.

Valdes has been with the company for more than 22 years having served as First
American's interim chief financial officer from January 2006 through March 2006
and from April 2008 to January 2009.

After beginning his career with PriceWaterhouseCoopers, he joined First American
in 1988 and went on to serve in various management roles.

These included chief financial officer of the company's primary underwriter,
First American Title Insurance Co.

Seaton, who joined First American Financial Corp. in 2006, will lead the
company's treasury, finance, investment management and investor relations
activities.

Prior to joining First American Financial Corp., he worked for BancBoston
Capital, a private equity firm in Boston, and for Robertson Stephens, a San
Francisco-based investment banking firm.

CONNECTICUT

Milford-TMS Funding, the wholesale residential lending platform of Total
Mortgage Services, hired Robin Buttner and Stephen Jaser as wholesale account
executives.

Buttner joins TMS Funding with 24 years of experience in the mortgage lending
industry and 15 years of sales, training and development in the residential
wholesale lending channel.

For the last 10 years, she was a wholesale lending account executive with
Homecomings Financial.

Prior to holding this position at Homecomings, Buttner was a regional wholesale
lending executive and regional credit manager for Sovereign Bank.

Prior to joining TMS Funding, Jaser was vice president of retail lending at
Total Mortgage Services.

Previously, he worked as a wholesale account executive at lenders that included
American Mortgage Network, Wachovia and SCME Mortgage Bankers.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

Washington-The Council of State Community Development Agencies elected its
2010-2011 board at the group's annual conference.

The slate includes president Rick Ballard, director, office of community
development, Michigan State Housing Development Authority; vice president Gordon
Walker, director of housing and community development, Utah Department of
Community and Culture; secretary John Greiner, housing policy officer, Maryland
Department of Housing and Community Development; treasurer Gloria Nance-Sims,
director, division of community assistance, North Carolina Department of
Commerce, Division of Community Assistance; and immediate past president Edward
Geiger III, director, center for community financing, Pennsylvania Department of
Community & Economic Development.

Members-at-large are Chris Westlake, deputy director for financial assistance,
California Department of Housing & Community Development; Brian Williamson,
assistant commissioner, Georgia Department of Community Affairs; Gail Hammond,
director, office of community renewal, New York State Housing Trust Fund Corp.;
Keith Heaton, Community Development Block Grant program manager, Utah Department
of Community and Culture; Basil Julian, grants division director, Arkansas
Economic Development Commission; Catherine Racer, associate director,
Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development; and Steve
Charleston, CRD division deputy director, Nebraska Department of Economic
Development.

The membership also elected two new additions to the board representing Indiana
and Texas.

Representing Indiana is Kathleen Weissenberger, director of the grant support
division for the Indiana Office of Community and Rural Affairs; and representing
Texas is Mark Wyatt, director of the Texas Community Development Block Grant
Program.

Washington-The National Housing Conference and Center for Housing Policy
appointed Lynn Ross to the newly created position of chief operating officer for
both the former and the latter.

Ross will be responsible for overseeing the day-to-day operations of the two
related organizations and helping to ensure their operations are well
coordinated.

She joined NHC and the center in 2007 as the director of state and local
initiatives.

ILLINOIS

Chicago-PNC Mortgage, a division of PNC Bank, named Peter Boomer as executive
vice president of production.

In his role, Boomer will lead division sales managers covering PNC's 15-state
footprint and areas throughout the U.S.

Boomer has more than 20 years of sales strategy and management experience in the
mortgage banking industry, and most recently was a division manager for
JP-Morgan Chase, overseeing a 12-state area.

Chicago-Solidifi U.S. said that Mark Critchfield and Tony Laurito have joined
the company in the newly created positions of vice president, business
development.

Based in the San Francisco Bay Area, Critchfield is responsible for developing
new lender relationships as well as working with existing Solidifi clients in
the 11 Western states. Laurito is based in the New York area and will be working
with new and current strategic lender clients.

Critchfield joins Solidifi from Fidelity National Financial, where he was vice
president and regional sales director for the company's entire suite of
services.

Laurito brings over 20 years of mortgage production and executive experience to
Solidifi, most recently from an 11-year career with mortgage insurer United
Guaranty.

MICHIGAN

Coldwater-Monarch Community Bank, a subsidiary of Monarch Community Bancorp
Inc., hired 40-year industry veteran Ronald R. Reed as executive vice president
and chief lending officer of the bank.

Reed most recently worked for T. Curtis & Co. as a contractor for the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp. in its role as receiver for Lakeside Community Bank in
Sterling Heights, Mich.

NEW YORK

New York-Gregory Baer, a deputy general counsel at Bank of America Corp., is
leaving the Charlotte, N.C.-based firm to join JPMorgan Chase & Co. as managing
director and general counsel in the bank's corporate and global regulatory
division.

Baer, a former Treasury Department official in the Clinton administration,
joined B of A in 2006 and served as one of its top regulatory and policy
advisors.

Baer was previously a partner at the law firm of Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale
and Dorr, representing companies on financial regulatory and enforcement
matters.

From 1997 to 2001, he was Treasury assistant secretary for financial
institutions and was previously managing senior counsel to the Federal Reserve
Board.

OREGON

Portland-WFG National Title Insurance Co., a wholly owned subsidiary of
Williston Financial Group, named Joe Drum as an executive vice president.

Drum will lead the company's agent services program, and will be based in its
Santa Barbara, Calif., office.

He was most recently president of United General Title Insurance Co., where he
oversaw all agency operations and strategic initiatives for several brands.

PENNSYLVANIA

Dunmore-First National Community Bancorp Inc., the parent company of First
National Community Bank, hired David Keim as first senior vice president and
chief credit officer.

Before joining the bank, Keim was chief risk officer for Heartland Financial.

TEXAS

Dallas-Community Trust Bank hired Ian M. Wright and launched its mortgage
warehouse lending program.

Serving as senior vice president, director of warehouse lending, Wright will be
responsible for the design, launch and ongoing operations of Community Trust
Bank's new program.

He brings over 20 years of banking, management and business experience to his
new position.

Irving-MetLife Home Loans hired two former executives from Sovereign Bank to
manage its new warehouse lending unit.

Charlie Clark, who left Sovereign last year, has been named vice president and
director of warehouse lending with Paul Chmielinski joining him as the lender's
No. 2 official in charge of warehouse.

Both will work out of MetLife's offices in Boston. Chmielinski, who also carries
a vice president title, left Rosemont, Pa.-based Sovereign in January.

Houston-Allied Home Mortgage Capital Corp. has appointed two state managers to
act as compliance auditors for the company.

The two are Maria Donaghy, the firm's state manager for California, and Tina
Rose, who holds the same position in Arizona. The pair will work under the
direction of Jeanne Stell, a consultant who is in charge of Allied's compliance
function.

Donaghy started as a branch manager with Allied in June 2000 and assumed the
state manager role in May 2002.

Rose became a branch manager in 1997 and Arizona state manager in 2000.

Houston-Stewart National Title Services has named Barry S. Smith as vice
president and associate senior underwriter in Houston.

With more than 25 years of experience, Smith has held national commercial
underwriting positions with both First American Title Insurance Co. and Fidelity
National Title Insurance Co.

The company also said that Larry Vaughan has joined its Chicago operation.

He will serve as vice president and associate senior underwriter.

Vaughan previously held major positions at the regional and national levels for
Fidelity National Title Group, Land-America Financial Group and Chicago Title
Insurance Co. Ã¢-â(EURO)

ARIZONA

Phoenix-Michael Duda has joined eTEC Appraisal Management Solutions as New
England area sales manager.

Duda, who oversaw wholesale lending operations at Citi's Milford, Conn., office,
held the same position with Principal Residential Mortgage Group, which was
purchased by Citigroup in 2004.

His background also includes area sales manager vice president at Centerbank
(First Union) and CitiMortgage for Connecticut and New York.

CALIFORNIA

ROCKLIN-John Contreras has joined National Closing Solutions/Placer Title Co. as
senior vice president of national sales.

His responsibilities include sales, recruiting and collaborating with national
lenders on joint ventures for title and closing services.

Contreras brings 19 years of experience in the national title insurance industry
serving home equity, first mortgage refinance, loan modifications and SBA loan
markets.

FLORIDA

Winter Park-Westcor Land Title Insurance Co., a national independent
underwriter, named four new hires.

Kimberly Sledd joins the newly formed national agency division.

Based in Virginia, Sledd will initially serve a dual role as an agency
representative for National and Mid-Atlantic agents.

Will Townsend, assistant state production manager, will operate from Westcor's
South Florida title plant and he will assist in the management of title
production.

Townsend brings over 20 years of industry experience.

Ross Wagner, agency representative, will lead the further expansion of Westcor
into the Ohio and western Pennsylvania markets.

Wagner brings 20 years of industry experience.

Walter Whisler will further expand the Midwest region.

Whisler brings 30 years of industry experience and will support the development
and growth in Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska, Minnesota, Missouri, Wisconsin and South
Dakota in his role as regional manager.

IDAHO

Idaho Falls-DocuTech Corp. hired Tony Inskeep and Diane Newland to manage sales
of its compliant document services.

Filling the role of vice presidents of major accounts, Inskeep and Newland each
bring more than 20 years of mortgage industry experience to DocuTech.

Inskeep joins DocuTech after spending more than 20 years in sales for mortgage
compliance and risk mitigation service.

He most recently served as vice president for Aon Risk Services, following 13
years of managing the sales and marketing functions for Mortgage Information
Services.

Newland spent the past 20 years at VMP Mortgage Solutions, serving as executive
vice president.

MARYLAND

Columbia-Enterprise Community Loan Fund, the financing arm of the national
nonprofit Enterprise Community Partners Inc., selected Jonathan Clarke to lead
its community lending activities in the Pacific Northwest.

He joins Enterprise after serving most recently as the chief credit officer at
Impact Capital, a Seattle-based intermediate lender working in underserved
communities in the state of Washington.

Prior to Impact Capital, Clarke served as the senior housing developer at Beacon
Development Group, where he managed the development of multiple affordable
housing projects for nonprofit and housing authority clients.

He also acted as a senior development analyst in the Tax Credit Division of the
Washington State Housing Commission working on the allocation of federal low
income housing tax credits.

OHIO

CINCINNATI

Dave Barnaclo has joined the Cincinnati office of Ross Mortgage Corp. as the
director of associate branch development.

As director of associate branch development, Barnaclo will oversee development
of all new associate branch locations in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana and Missouri.

Prior to joining Ross Mortgage, he served as president and CEO of his own
company, Barnaclo Home Loans.

SOUTH CAROLINA

GREENVILLE

Joel Norwood, president of Wilkins Norwood Appraisal Associates Inc.,
Greenville, has been appointed to the South Carolina Real Estate Appraisers
Board.

Under the administration of the Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation,
the purpose of the board is to regulate the real estate appraisal industry so as
to protect the public's interest regarding real estate appraisal transactions.

Norwood's focus includes commercial and industrial property appraisals, as well
as land and residential appraisals.

URL: http://www.originationnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday

Health center considered in Fort Edward

BYLINE: Maury Thompson, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 667 words


Sep. 5--FORT EDWARD -- Hudson Headwaters Health Network is working with a
private developer on a proposal to renovate the former Grand Union supermarket
in Fort Edward as a retail and office plaza with a medical and dental clinic as
the anchor tenant, said Dr. John Rugge, chief executive officer of Hudson
Headwaters.

"Nothing is absolutely settled yet," he said.

If the proposal materializes, the health center would occupy about one-fourth of
the space in the former supermarket building that has been vacant for five
years.

Hudson Headwaters is committed to opening a health center somewhere in the town
regardless, Rugge said.

The joint effort between Hudson Headwaters and the town received a boost this
week, when Gov. George Pataki announced a $600,000 grant from the Governor's
Office for Small Cities Community Development Program.

"This is more than a down payment," Rugge said.

Other grants toward the estimated $2 million project are expected to be
announced soon, he said.

Town officials have been discussing the feasibility of locating a health center
in Fort Edward for several years.

"Repeatedly at town board meetings and community meetings, that was one of the
things that came up, that health care was a concern for people living in the
area," said town Councilman John Rieger.

One of the advantages of the arrangement with Hudson Headwaters is that the
health center will be open evenings and weekends, providing an alternative to a
hospital emergency room for treatment of minor conditions, he said.

Many town residents already patronize Hudson Headwaters clinics in Glens Falls
or Moreau, said town Supervisor Merrilyn Pulver.

Hudson Headwaters currently operates 12 health centers in Warren, Saratoga,
Essex and Hamilton counties.

The Fort Edward health center, its first in Washington County, is expected to
serve patients from Fort Edward, Kingsbury, Fort Ann, Argyle and Hartford,
Pulver said.

The $600,000 grant was a joint application by Fort Edward and Kingsbury.

A single municipality is eligible for a maximum of $450,000, while collaborative
projects are eligible for up to $600,000, she said.

Rugge said Pulver was instrumental in securing the grant.

"Merrilyn, as you probably know, is a whirlwind to work with," he said.

U.S. Rep. John Sweeney, R-Clifton Park, also was helpful, he said.

Small Cities Community Development grants are federal funds distributed through
the state.

THE FOLLOWING AREA GRANTS ALSO WERE ANNOUNCED THIS WEEK:

--$320,000 to the village of South Glens Falls to develop its downtown corridor

--$320,000 to Warren County for a small-business seminar and loan program

--$167,000 to the village of Fort Edward to replace a water line connecting
Roger's Island to the village water supply.

PATAKI ALSO ANNOUNCED THE FOLLOWING GRANTS FROM THE STATE ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION FUND:

--$40,000 to the town of Hague to reconstruct a bulkhead and wooden pedestrian
walkway in the town park

--$29,400 to the town of Thurman to rehabilitate and develop Veterans Memorial
Field public park

--$250,000 to the Historic Salem Courthouse Preservation Association to preserve
the former courthouse as a community center

--$38,000 to the town and village of Fort Ann to develop a comprehensive
community plan

--$40,000 to the town of Fort Edward to plan redevelopment of Rogers Island

--$500,000 to the Lake George Watershed Conference for projects to control
storm-water runoff, prevent pollution.

State Sen. Elizabeth Little, R-Queensbury, announced a $100,000 grant through
the state Quality Communities Initiative Program to develop a comprehensive plan
for downtown revitalization.

To see more of The Post-Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.poststar.com Copyright (c) 2006, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060905-GN-HEALTH-CENTER-20060905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2006 The Post-Star


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            April 12, 2006 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

Snowe, Collins seek enlargement of business zone

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins have introduced legislation to enlarge the
Aroostook County Empowerment Zone to include all of Aroostook County.

The present zone includes 23 of the county's 71 communities. The new legislation
would triple the size of the Empowerment Zone, giving businesses and governments
throughout northern Maine equal opportunities for assistance.

Businesses in Empowerment Zones can get $3,000 per employee tax credit for up to
10 years, accelerated depreciation on machinery and equipment and tax-exempt
bonds for needed capital.

For communities, it removes the criteria of having to meet low-to-moderate
income guidelines when applying for grants like the Community Development Block
Grants.

Robert Clark, executive director of the northern Maine Development Commission,
said the zones are an effort to aid distressed areas and provide opportunities
for growth.

Aroostook County is one of only 10 Empowerment Zones in the U.S. and only one of
two that was enabled because of population problems. Aroostook County received
its designation in January 2002.

Since 2003, the NMDC and Maine's congressional delegation have been trying to
enlarge the zone to include all of the county.

An effort last year failed. This year's effort is tied to different legislation.

"Empowerment Zones are critical to help ensure future economic prosperity in
rural Maine and other struggling communities," Snowe and Collins wrote in a
joint statement. "The current restriction that the Aroostook County Empowerment
Zone is limited to 1,000 square miles prevents all of Aroostook's small
communities from benefiting."

Snowe and Collins said the change would guarantee that parts of the county would
not be left behind as economic prosperity returns to the area.

Some of Aroostook County's larger communities, such as Caribou, Presque Isle and
Houlton, are divided, with some areas in the zone and other areas outside the
zone.

Clark agreed that the new designation would be a "big thing" for Aroostook
County.

"We've been working on this for three years," Clark said. "Entire cities and
towns should be involved instead of it being certain businesses and not others."

Aroostook County is largely dependent on agriculture and forestry for its
industrial base.

The area also has an aging population. Its population decreased drastically in
the early 1990s when Loring Air Force Base closed.

It was those losses that spearheaded Aroostook County's entrance into the
federal program.

The strategies, initiatives and projects of the Empowerment Zone are spearheaded
by the Aroostook Partnership for Progress.

Since its formation, the APP has dedicated its time and resources to create a
projected 1,500 new jobs in the county and collaborated with other efforts to
ensure continuing growth.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: USDA Announces $14 Million in Grants Supporting Economic Growth for
Rural Communities

LENGTH: 1022  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:


WASHINGTON, Feb. 25, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced nearly $14 million in
grants to support four programs to increase prosperity in rural America through
research, education, and extension programs focused on promoting rural community
development, economic growth, and sustainability.

"Nearly 60 million Americans live in rural areas, and their value and impact
through the agriculture industry can be felt both domestically and
internationally," said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "To help these
communities remain prosperous and viable, we need to support discovery of new
ways that promote economic viability among producers, small businesses, and
communities in rural America."

Farmers, ranchers, and rural communities are the backbone and economic lifeblood
for Americans everywhere, providing food, feed, fiber, fuels, and open spaces.
However, rural areas and communities face many hardships. High poverty rates,
slow recovery from economic recession, and low average income per household are
all challenges to having a successful and viable community. Funding from NIFA is
expected to assist communities and regions in creating self-sustaining,
long-term economic development through research and strategic planning.

A fact sheet with a complete list of awardees and project descriptions is
available on the USDA website for the following projects selected for awards in
each AFRI program:

Rural Communities and Regional Development:

Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, Ala., $499,998
    University of Georgia, Athens, Ga., $474,998
    University of Idaho, Moscow, Idaho, $499,287
    Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, La., $499,789
    University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minn., $498,943
    Montana State University, Bozeman, Mont., $474,190
    Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y., $499,374
    University of Vermont, Burlington, Vt., $499,994

Agricultural Economics and Rural Communities - Environment:

University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $500,000
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $500,000
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $499,976
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $498,393
    University of Rhode Island, Kingston, R.I., $463,096
    University of Rhode Island, Kingston, R.I., $47,882
    Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Va., $313,557

Agricultural Economics and Rural Communities - Economics, Markets and Trade:

University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Ark., $399,867
    University of Illinois, Urbana, Ill., $49,600
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $499,709
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa., $245,131
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $500,000
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio., $494,547
    Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, Okla., $485,414
    University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, Wis., $379,234
    University of Wyoming, Laramie, Wyo., $149,858

NIFA also provided funds through the Small and Medium-sized Farm program, which
provides farmers and ranchers assistance in their decision making with respect
to management strategies, new technologies, sustainability, competitiveness, and
viability. Funded projects focus on developing new disciplinary or
multidisciplinary models to assist agricultural landowner's decision-making in
scale management strategies and technologies to enhance economic efficiency and
sustainability. This includes the viability and competitiveness of small and
medium-sized dairy, poultry, livestock, crop, forestry, and other commodity
operations.

Fiscal year 2014 Small and Medium-Sized Farms include:

University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Ark., $499,978
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $471,462
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $499,995
    University of Massachusetts, Amherst, Mass., $499,380
    Alcorn State University, Lorman, Miss., $499,794
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $384,913
    Oregon State University, Corvallis, Ore., $499,996
    University of Vermont, Burlington, Vt., $499,978

NIFA made the awards through the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative's
(AFRI) Foundational Program, which supports projects that sustain and enhance
agricultural and related activities in rural areas and to protect the
environment, enhance quality of life, and alleviate poverty. Topical issues
include, but are not limited to, the interactions between agriculture,
environment, and communities in rural areas; demographic changes and impacts;
consumer preferences or behavior; decision-making under uncertainty; market
structure and performance; policy design and impact; or agriculture's impact on
the environment.

The purpose of AFRI is to support research, education, and extension work by
awarding grants that address key problems of national, regional, and multi-state
importance in sustaining all components of food and agriculture. AFRI is NIFA's
flagship competitive grant program authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill and
supports work in six priority areas: 1) plant health and production and plant
products; 2) animal health and production and animal products; 3) food safety,
nutrition and health; 4) bioenergy, natural resources and environment; 5)
agriculture systems and technology; and 6) agriculture economics and rural
communities.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. For more information,
visit www.nifa.usda.gov.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay)
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      News-Topic (Lenoir, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Hudson approves budget ordinances

BYLINE: Nathan Key, News-Topic, Lenoir, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


Nov. 18--The Hudson Board of Commissioners approved a pair of projects through
budget ordinances during a light meeting Tuesday at town hall.

Commissioners approved and agreed to the receipt of two grants to assist with
projects in the town.

The first was a health care initiative grant of $240,000 from the North Carolina
Rural Center to assist with the construction of the Hospice unit being built by
Caldwell Hospice and Pallaitive Care, Inc. off Pine Mountain Road.

The second was a Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) in the amount of
$240,000 to assist with the construction of the Pine Mountain Trace subdivision,
also off Pine Mountain Road. Pine Mountain Trace is a 40-unit apartment complex
being built. The CDBG will help fund the installation of water and sewer, as
well as roads for the complex.

"Although the town secures the grants, they do not come to the town," Town
Manager Rebecca Bentley said. "The money will go for development within the
town. We're glad to help with those projects any way we can."

The board also approved a budget amendment in the amount of $40,000 to fund the
remaining six months of salary for two police officer's positions. The positions
had been funded for only six months, and Bentley said the money was pulled from
other funds to make sure the salaries were provided.

"Our budget remains very tight," she said. "We were hoping to get some grants,
but we didn't get them."

The board also recognized the Hudson Middle School soccer team for winning the
Northwest Middle School Conference regular-season and tournament championships.
Members of the team and their parents were recognized along with coach Vic
Wilcox and Principal Bill Griffin.

To see more of the News-Topic or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newstopic.net/. Copyright (c) 2009, News-Topic, Lenoir, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091118-QL-Hudson-approves-budget-ordinances-1118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QL


                                 Copyright 2009


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

All smiles at Adaire Springs and Tackle Shop in sunny South-East

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 916 words


And when Kilkenny Leader Partnership (KLP) reviewed his business plans for
Adaire Springs and Tackle Shop in Mooncoin, they too went for it   hook, line,
and sinker.

Today, angling enthusiasts, school groups, and corporate and leisure travellers
from as far away as Cork, Dublin, and Belfast are revelling in the 2.5-acre lake
attraction, brimming with rainbow and brown trout.

Ned said he gave up dairying 10-12 years ago. Up to that time, he needed every
single acre of grass for milking.

He was also doing a bit of contracting.

I d seen the place in Mullingar and it was still very much in my mind to set up
something like it here. It really stuck in my head for some reason,  he said.

I approached Leader and they couldn t have been more helpful.

"They helped me every single step of the way from funding to marketing,
researching and with lots of other supports.

Ned said the angling centre has lifted the entire community, with visitors
staying in local B&B s, eating out in pubs and restaurants and spending money in
the region.

The Leader team here in Kilkenny is fantastic and I dread the thought of the
programme changing hands,  he said.

Structural changes are being introduced, however, for the delivery of the  250m
Leader programme countrywide.

The move involves new Local Community Development Committees (LCDC) being
established in all local authority areas as part of the government reforms.

These are comprised of public and private sector members but the majority must
be from the non-statutory category.

Each is mandated with bringing a more joined-up, coherent approach to the local
management of public-funded programmes in the areas of economic, social, and
community development.

Rural Affairs Minister Ann Phelan told MacGill Summer School last July that the
formation of autonomous LCDCs at a local level is a key element of local
government reform.

I believe this drive towards a more co-ordinated approach is critical to ensure
that all resources available at a local and regional level are maximised and
targeted where they are needed most,  she said.

Environment Minister Alan Kelly noted last year that Leader has supported many
successful businesses that are at the forefront of rural innovation countrywide.

However in the past, too much of this funding was used for local historical
books or to develop rural tourism brochures. This time it has to be spent on
projects that will sustain employment in a community,  he said.

In Kilkenny, the new structural approach has led to a competitive process to
deliver the Leader ( 7.8m) programme over the next six years.

Both the KLP and the new LCDC have applied to the Department of the Environment
to be the Local Action Group (LAG)   in essence the contract holder for the
programme. A decision is expected next month.

Kilkenny County Council chief executive Colette Byrne told a Council meeting
last September it was unfortunate that KLP and the LCDC could not reach
agreement.

She said that the council s main objective should be to ensure that the money
ring fenced for the county under the next Leader programme is invested in the
most effective and the most efficient manner for the benefit of the local people
and communities.

The council was informed the Government s preferred approach is that the LCDC
should be the LAG and that KLP should be the main implementing partner.

However, KLP said it won t be disbanding or walking away from the communities it
has sustained and supported over the past 25 years and is bidding to continue
its role and administer the next tranche of funding.

It has called on the Government to override its own  preferred option of local
authority control of Leader  and extend the independent group s role in
regenerating the regional economy.

KLP chairman Denis Drennan said other independent Leader companies standing firm
include West Cork Leader, Clare Leader, and Forum Connemara in the western part
of Galway.

Most other existing Leader companies in the State, have forfeited their right
under EU regulation and policy to independent application and have agreed to
work on Leader under their respective LCDC control,  he said.

Mr Drennan said in the face of severe pressure from various political and
statutory sources, KLP has declined to withdraw its own independent Leader
application to leave the field open to the LCDC alone.

It distributed over  13m in grant aid between 2009 and 2015. Over the past sx
years it helped create 150 sustainable jobs, supported 73 communities, and
assisted 61 tourism and trail projects as well as 57 youth projects.

KLP also supported 16 heritage programmes, 10 renewable energy initiatives,
2,872 individuals and 686 enterprises and says it has had a massive impact on
rural life across Kilkenny.

We know what works and what doesn t and we feel we are ideally positioned as a
non-profit, independent, community-led, local organisation, with representation
from 200 plus communities, groups and clubs, to continue this invaluable,
grassroots work,  he said.

Mr Drennan stressed in the group s end of programme report, which broadcaster
Micheál Ó Muircheartaigh launched last week, that KLP has had an excellent
relationship over the years with all its stakeholders, including statutory
bodies.

It proposes to maintain that relationship as an independent local action group.
While Leader is active in driving co-operation with statutory and Government
bodies and respects their remit, its essence is that it should not be tied to
agendas of other bodies,  he said.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 23, 1994 Tuesday

LENGTH: 628 words


Sign for opportunity Organizers of the second annual Governor's Business
Opportunity Day will accept booth registrations until Thursday. The event gives
purchasing agents access to sellers, allowing North Dakotans to do business with
North Dakotans. It is scheduled for Oct. 27 in the Exhibition Hall at the
Bismarck Civic Center. This is an opportunity for North Dakota businesses and
government agencies to search for in-state companies that meet their procurement
needs. Purchasing agents may personally identify North Dakota vendors who offer
the products and services they need, organizers said. Booth space is available
for $150, which includes two luncheon tickets. For information, contact the
Bismarck-Mandan Chamber of Commerce at 223-5660.

Bank report due today The Independent Community Banks of North Dakota will
release a report this morning on the financial condition of the states' banks.
Pat Fisher, newly elected president of the organization, will release the report
at 11:15 a.m. in the Governor's Room at the Bismarck Radisson Inn. He will be
joined by lawyer Al Wolfe. Richard L. Mount, president of the Independent
Bankers Association of America, will discuss key banking industry legislation
pending in Congress.

Incentive grants wait Incentive grants totaling $220,000 are available for
entrepreneurs who want to start or expand a business in North Dakota. The money
is available through the state's Mini-Grant Incentive Program, which is meant to
target businesses owned by youth and women along with research and development
projects. The grant program is part of the Growing North Dakota Initiative
approved by the 1990 Legislature.For information, contact any of the state's
regional planning councils or the North Dakota Department of Economic
Development and Finance in Bismarck.

Eckroth Music remodels The owners of Eckroth Music recently remodeled their
store at 1221 W. Divide Ave. The changes give the store more showroom space, a
wider variety of musical instruments, and more accessories and sheet music, a
spokesman for the store said.

VISA on the wing First Bank System Inc. and Northwest Airlines have added Visa
Business Card. It is believed to be the first Visa business card with frequent
flyer mileage benefits. The card was designed for small-to medium-sized
companies, typically with fewer than 1,500 employees and sales under $25
million, said Philip G. Heasley, vice chairman of First Bank System. Donald H.
Schmitt of Northwest Airlines said the card will help businesses better manage
their expenses while providing employees with the value of free travel. Frequent
flyer miles accrue to the card holder, not to the company. Members may redeem
their miles for free travel on Northwest for as little as 20,000 miles. The card
has an annual fee of $75 and a variable annual percentage finance charge of
prime plus 9.75 percent. Holders avoid finance charges by paying the balances in
full within the 25-day grace period.

Cellular firms join Cellular One of North Dakota has combined operations with
General Cellular Corp. of Fairfield, Calif., to become what might be the
nation's largest rural cellular provider. The new combined company, Western
Wireless Corp., will operate as Cellular One in 16 states encompassing 25
percent of the continental U.S. Headquarters for the new company, which employs
more than 500 people, is in Bellevue, Wash.

Developer gets loan Lewis & Clark Regional Development of Bismarck has received
a $500,000 loan from North Dakota Farmers Home Administration. The money will
enable the regional council to establish a revolving loan fund to assist rural
community development by lending to small businesses, said Charles Mertens,
state FmHA director. For information on the program, call 250-4791.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             March 28, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Cities edited out of this election?

BYLINE: By CATHERINE LUCEY; luceyc@phillynews.com 215-854-4172

SECTION: LOCAL; DN City & Local; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 550 words


FOR MONTHS, the Democratic presidential candidates have delivered policy
speeches, stumped at town hall meetings and jousted at debates.

But while Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama have talked themselves hoarse
about health care and Iraq, they've rarely discussed key issues for
Philadelphia.

Like crime, transportation or housing.

Cities have been edited out of this election, urban policy experts say.

"I'm surprised nobody has mentioned that they're not talking about this," said
John Roman, a senior researcher at the Urban Institute, a Washington, D.C.,
think tank.

Neither Democratic candidate has an urban agenda prominently displayed on his or
her Web site, although both highlight rural agendas.

The Obama campaign noted that many urban issues - like jobs, housing and
community development - are addressed within his poverty plan.

"I think there are some initiatives within that poverty agenda that do get to
urban issues," said Obama spokesman Sean Smith.

But experts note that poverty is not a strictly urban problem.

"More poor people live in suburbs today than cities," said Bruce Katz, the
director of metropolitan policy at the Brookings Institute.

During a meeting with the Daily News editorial board on Monday, Clinton was
asked about the lack of an urban plan on her Web site.

"That's odd, because we have a whole 'Leave No City Behind' agenda," she said.

The Clinton camp added an urban fact sheet to their site on Tuesday - at the
bottom of 22 links within a section titled "Strengthening the Middle Class." In
it, she pledges to invest in education, green jobs and infrastructure.

Political analysts said that the urban conversation often gets buried because
cities overwhelmingly vote Democrat - so candidates focus on swing voters in
rural or suburban areas.

"This is all saying, 'We know the cities are going to be with us and poor people
are going to be with us,' " said Ed Schwartz, of the Institute for Civic Values.

But Schwartz said that a conversation about cities is particularly important now
because cities have lost significant federal support under President Bush.

"The block-grant program [federal money for city projects] has been cut
dramatically by the Bush administration," he said. "It's being decimated and the
candidates aren't talking about it in cities."

The timing of the primary season also pushes city issues to a back burner,
experts said. The early primary states - such as New Hampshire and Iowa - lack
big urban hubs.

"It's partly due to the fact that those two states go first and the conventional
wisdom is that they're rural states," said Katz.

But Katz stressed that a majority of Americans live in cities or nearby suburbs.
He added that beyond short-term efforts to fund more housing units or police
officers, the federal government should be thinking about how to make our cities
competitive in the global economy.

"Cities, they're the drivers of the economy," Katz said. "They're even more
important today than they were 30 or 40 years ago."

Mayor Nutter - who has endorsed Clinton and praised her plans for cities in a
Daily News op-ed article this week - has called for a forum with the candidates
that would focus on cities. He said yesterday that he was optimistic that the
event would come together soon, and that both candidates would attend. *

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 4, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bush Officials Spell Out Cuts in Money for Housing

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 830 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 3


Facing the prospect of record deficits, Bush administration officials laid out
proposals on Thursday for deep cuts in spending on housing and community
development.

At the same time, the nation's top health official fleshed out proposals to cut
$60 billion from the projected growth of Medicaid, the federal-state health
program for low-income people, in the next decade.

But the official, Michael O. Leavitt, the new secretary of health and human
services, said 12 million to 14 million people could gain health insurance if
Congress approved President Bush's proposals to provide tax credits for such
coverage and helped small businesses band together to buy coverage.

Donald L. Evans, the commerce secretary, and Alphonso R. Jackson, the secretary
of housing and urban development, said Mr. Bush wanted to consolidate 18 local
assistance programs scattered among five departments into one new grant program,
to be run by the Commerce Department.

The government is now spending more than $5.6 billion a year on the 18 programs,
which include the Community Development Block Grant, a lifeline for many
impoverished urban neighborhoods. For the new program, Mr. Bush will request
$3.7 billion, a cut of about 33 percent.

''The current system forces communities to navigate a maze of federal
departments, agencies and programs, each imposing a separate set of standards
and reporting requirements,'' Mr. Jackson said. The programs, he said,
''duplicate and overlap one another and have different eligibility criteria,''
with little accountability for the way money is used.

But Jim Hunt, a city councilman in Clarksburg, W.Va., who is first vice
president of the National League of Cities, said the president's proposal would
have ''a dire negative impact on cities of all sizes.'' For three decades, Mr.
Hunt said, cities have used the federal money to create jobs, stimulate private
investment and revitalize distressed communities.

Sherry Conway Appel, a spokeswoman for the league, said, ''We want the Community
Development Block Grant to remain a separate and distinct program,'' with no
reduction in its budget.

Don Plusquellic, the mayor of Akron, Ohio, who is president of the United States
Conference of Mayors, said: ''The new proposal in unconscionable. It will cut
programs that help the poorest and the neediest.''

Mr. Plusquellic, a Democrat who has led his city for 18 years, said the
reshuffling of federal programs obscured the likely effects. ''It would be more
honest if the federal government simply said, 'We don't care about these poor
people,''' he said.

A summary of the proposal, prepared by the White House Office of Management and
Budget, says Mr. Bush believes that communities must not ''rely on perpetual
federal assistance.''

The Department of Housing and Urban Development, which now runs the Community
Development Block Grant, said the program provided $393 million this year to New
York State, including $207 million for New York City, $17.6 million for Nassau
County and $10.9 million for Rochester. New Jersey gets $113 million, and
Connecticut $46.6 million.

Under the same program, Chicago is receiving a grant of $95.5 million, while Los
Angeles is getting $82.8 million and Houston is getting $34.2 million, the
department said.

The proposal could face bipartisan resistance in Congress, because lawmakers
take pride in earmarking some of the money for hometown projects.

Bush administration officials said the community development program was poorly
focused. Eligibility for the new grant program will be based on factors like
poverty and unemployment levels.

Among the programs that would be folded into the new initiative is the Community
Services Block Grant, which helps pay for community action agencies begun more
than 35 years ago as part of what was called the war on poverty. These agencies
provide a wide range of housing, nutrition, education and employment services to
low-income people.

Mr. Bush said in his State of the Union address on Wednesday that his budget, to
be unveiled on Monday, would reduce or eliminate more than 150 government
programs. White House officials said the new blueprint for federal spending
would be the tightest budget since Mr. Bush took office in 2001.

Other programs to be consolidated under the president's plan include urban and
rural empowerment zones, a program to foster development of contaminated
industrial sites and a pot of money known as the Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund, run by the Treasury.

The White House predicted last week that the federal budget deficit would rise
to $427 billion this year, from $412 billion last year. If Congress adopts his
proposals, Mr. Bush says, the deficit will be less than $260 billion in 2009.

Mr. Leavitt, the health secretary, said the president's budget would crack down
on the ability of middle-income families to get Medicaid coverage for nursing
home costs, which average more than $55,000 a year.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday
                              Business Day Edition

Project to train rural youth may be working

BYLINE: Karl Gernetzky

SECTION: LABOUR

LENGTH: 679  words


Project to train rural youth may be working

The National Rural Youth Service Corps is set for a relaunch next year, writes

A FLAGSHIP programme aimed at providing skills training for rural youth appears
to be making a dent in unemployment and has offered some insight into the effort
needed to create enduring opportunities for school-leavers.

Despite being delayed and an initial whiff of controversy, the National Rural
Youth Service Corps is set for a relaunch next year. The initiative comes at a
time debate is raging about youth wage subsidies and job-seeker grants to
support young people.

The programme demonstrates that while support for the youth can have a positive
effect, a major investment in support structures is necessary - and this need
not always be financial.

The R900m National Rural Youth Service Corps was launched in September 2010 with
the aim of training 7,000 youngsters to provide community development projects
in their own communities, but the programme got off to a shaky start. Eyebrows
were raised in 2011 when thousands of young people underwent training at
military bases, while complaints were made by some participants that they were
being & left in limbo& without promised work placement.

In the initial two-year programme, participants first undergo household
profiling, four months of character building, including & discipline& and skills
training in areas such as construction, disaster management and even office
work.

This is followed by placement in community projects requiring these skills, says
programme manager Anton van Staden.

Participants receive a stipend of R1,320 a month.

The Department of Rural Development and Land Reform has described the project as
successful. Delivering his budget speech last year, minister Gugile Nkwinti
announced that the project would be boosted by a further R190m from the
Treasury. The target cohort would be expanded to 15,000 youths by the end of the
financial year as the department sought to unlock economic and educational
opportunities in rural areas.

But David Neves, a poverty researcher at the Institute for Poverty, Land and
Agrarian Studies, warns that youth in rural areas face much the same challenges
as those in urban areas: acquiring skills and getting workplace training. Added
to this, there has been a comparatively slow rate of urbanisation since 1994,
something that & comes as a surprise& to social scientists who had expected a
post-apartheid & deluge& of urbanisation. This unlikely outcome was ascribed to
a relatively generous grant system and the government's roll-out of
infrastructure in rural areas.

Mr Neves says it is important not to view urban and rural areas as sharp &
dichotomies& because they are linked by highly dynamic migration, with many of
the & developmental challenges of rural areas echoed in urban areas& Mr van
Staden agrees that some of the concerns over access to opportunities in the
programme were valid. Workplace training was one of the reasons the programme
was extended for two years. A further problem arose through the unexpected
intense oversight the youth required before they were capable of engaging in
projects or identifying and starting new ones.

Mr van Staden says & skills training was never a problem& and while there may be
an issue in identifying projects, the ultimate aim of the programme - which is
to create a connected youth sector capable of identifying new opportunities -
had been demonstrated. He says the focus is on the current cohort and it will be
& four to six months& before firm plans are made for another group to start in
September next year. But the project would be tweaked and rolled out to ensure
that workplace training opportunities are available.

With huge government infrastructure spending looming, some people have suggested
a need and opportunity to expand the corps to 50,000. However, a far more
comfortable number would be 15,000, says Mr van Staden.

NO DICHOTOMY: The problems of rural youth are not very different from the
problems of urban youth, says researcher David Neves. Picture: SUNDAY TIMES

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Wisconsin: $250,000 State Grant Will Help Re-Open Vacant Grocery Store in
Florence County

LENGTH: 815  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $250,000
grant to Florence County to help re-open a grocery store that has been vacant
for more than seven years.

The lack of a full-service grocery store has been an impediment to economic
development in the county and has been an issue in recruiting potential
employees, state and county officials say. It also has resulted in half of the
county being declared a "food desert" by the federal government.

After several years of trying to fill the vacant Haberkorn's grocery store,
Pat's Foods, an Upper Peninsula grocery chain agreed to take over the building
and open a new store. The county in March created a Tax Incremental Financing
(TIF) District to help fund the project, and the WEDC grant provided the final
piece of the necessary funding.

The new grocery store, a $1.2 million project, is expected to open in June.

"Not only does this project fill a critical need for the residents of Florence
County, but it has a significant economic impact as well," said Lieutenant
Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, who was in Florence today to announce the state
grant. "The new store will create about 20 new jobs, and it establishes a
downtown anchor that could lead to additional retail growth."

The state funding is part of WEDC's Community Development Investment Grant
Program, which supports community development and redevelopment
efforts--primarily in downtown areas--throughout the state.

"We are pleased to play a key role to bringing a much-needed resource to
Florence County," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, who joined
Kleefisch in making the announcement in Florence. "Our Community Development
Investment Grant Program is helping communities and counties all over the state
with projects like this that will provide a shot in the arm to the local
economy."

State and county officials say the project is a prime example of how public and
private entities can work together on initiatives that provide a significant
benefit to the community.

"Economic development and job creation doesn't happen in Madison," Hall said.
"And it can't happen without strong partnerships like this one. The state, the
county and private business worked hand in hand to make this happen."

"Having a full-service grocery store open again is an important step for
Florence County," said County Chairperson Jeanette Bomberg. "It will help boost
our economy. It will create jobs, improve our internal and external image,
increase the tax base and help spur new retail growth. But more importantly we
will have fresh fruits and meats to purchase locally."

"The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation and the State of Wisconsin sent
a message that rural counties do matter--and for that we are so grateful," she
added.

Ben Campioni, owner of Pat's Foods, said the company had been considering
reopening the store in Florence for the last five years. But financially the
project was not feasible until Florence County Economic Development Director
Wendy Gehlhoff told the company about WEDC's new Community Development
Investment Grant Program and submitted an application on our behalf, said
Campioni. Campioni also owns and operates grocery stores under the Pat's Foods
name in the Upper Peninsula communities of Houghton, Hancock, Calumet,
Ontonagon, and L'Anse.

"We will strive to be an asset to Florence and the surrounding area by providing
products and services needed by the residents and seasonal visitors," Campioni
said. "We take part in the communities we serve by giving back to the towns and
local charities generously, and we base our business around being "hometown
proud.'"

The new grocery store is the latest example of the increased economic
development taking place in Florence County.

A new Family Dollar Store is being planned in downtown Florence for late 2014,
and Florence Hardwoods LLC is in the middle of an expansion project in the
industrial park. All three of these new projects are benefiting from the
county's newly created TIF District.

About the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) leads economic development
efforts for the state by advancing Wisconsin's business climate. WEDC nurtures
business growth and job creation by providing resources, technical support and
financial assistance to companies, partners and communities in Wisconsin. WEDC
has four focus areas: business and industry development, economic and community
development, entrepreneurship and innovation and international business
development. Together with more than 600 regional and local business development
partners, it represents a highly responsive and coordinated network. Visit
www.inwisconsin.com or follow WEDC on Twitter  @_InWisconsin to learn more.

For further information please visit:
http://www.inwisconsin.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                             January 2, 2012 Monday
                                  1 - Edition

Extravaganza, expo and festivals share grant cash

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 148  words


ACTING Community Development Minister David O'Byrne has named 27 community
groups that will share more than $50,000 of National Youth Week grants.

Mr O'Byrne said there had been more than 50 funding applications.

Recipients include:

* The Hobart City Council's Imagine Youth short film festival.

* A promotion of sports and positive behaviour by the Bridgewater PCYC.

* The Northern Midlands Council's Youth Cafe of Music and Thought.

* The Break O'Day Health Resource Association's Youth Extravaganza showcasing
art, film, media and music created by local young people.

* A North West Youth Expo, providing educational, social and personal
development opportunities for school and college students across the region.

* A Youth Fest to be held by the Circular Head Council and Rural Health West
that will promote health and wellbeing.

* Brighton Council's Tattoo Health not Tattoo Harm initiative.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            March 16, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Investing for Net gains: Government should fund public networks rather than
subsidize Bell and Telus

BYLINE: Michael Geist, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: TECH WEEKLY; Michael Geist; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 984  words


Toronto Hydro's announcement last week of its plans to blanket Toronto with
wireless Internet access has sparked an important debate about the appropriate
role for governments and public institutions in providing Internet connectivity.
Significantly, it comes on the heels of the CRTC's recent decision to distribute
$652 million to major telecommunications providers such as Bell and Telus to
help defray the costs of implementing high-speed connectivity in rural Canadian
communities.

These developments place the spotlight squarely on a critical question for new
Industry Minister Maxime Bernier: What, if anything, should government do about
Internet connectivity?

The starting position for a Conservative government might well be to argue that
government has a very limited role to play -- that this is strictly a
marketplace issue and that the private sector has many incentives to develop
networks for consumer use.

The major telecommunications companies can be expected to support that approach,
though the CRTC decision illustrated that they typically only want to keep
government out when it is a potential competitor. When government is prepared to
provide what amounts to massive corporate subsidies, as Canada's
telecommunications regulator has decided to do, public involvement becomes far
more attractive.

Meanwhile, supporters of public involvement point to compelling evidence that
government must increasingly shoulder responsibility to ensure that the market
features robust competition and that no Canadian communities are left behind.

Access to the Internet is no longer a luxury. For millions of Canadians, it is
necessity that serves as a foundation for education and life-long learning
initiatives, access to knowledge, health care, government services, financial
activity, entertainment and communication.

Given the web's importance, government cannot adopt a hands-off approach, though
it must recognize that its role differs in the urban and rural markets.

In urban communities, most of which are serviced by a choice of two broadband
options (cable or DSL), the focus ought to be on the competitive environment and
the assurance that the entire community can afford access.

Recent comments from a senior Canadian cable company executive, who last month
informed stock analysts that the Canadian market for broadband services does not
face the same competitive pressures as those found in the U.S., foreshadows the
prospect of steadily increasing consumer prices for high-speed Internet access.

In fact, as leading Canadian ISPs institute new fees for services such as
Internet telephony and as they lobby for the power to dispense with traditional
network neutrality principles, the lack of competition clearly has a negative
impact on the marketplace that could expand the digital divide within Canada's
major cities.

In light of these developments, last week's Toronto Hydro announcement should be
welcomed as an opportunity to inject new competition into the Internet access
market. Moreover, as with municipal wireless initiatives in U.S. cities such as
San Francisco, Philadelphia and Tempe, Arizona, officials should use the
connectivity to ensure that there is affordable access for all members of the
community.

The governmental role in rural Canada ought to be a different one. In those
communities, many of which lie on the outskirts of major cities such as Toronto
or Ottawa, the concern revolves around connectivity, not competition, since
there is often no broadband option available to local residents.

Ottawa has struggled with this issue for many years. In 2000, it created the
Broadband Task Force, which recommended that the government address fears of a
digital divide within the country by providing financial support for network
development in rural communities. Those recommendations were never fully
implemented as successive industry ministers failed to obtain the needed support
within cabinet.

The CRTC jumped at the opportunity to remedy the situation when it conducted
hearings on how to distribute funds it held in trust on behalf of consumers who
overpaid for their local phone service. Last month, it decided to allocate the
funds, which amounted to a staggering $652 million, toward rural broadband
initiatives. The money will be used to reimburse telecommunications providers
for their "non-economic" costs (i.e., unprofitable costs) of building rural
broadband networks.

While its intent is laudable, the CRTC's approach is an inappropriate way to
solve the problem. Since the money comes directly from Canadian consumers,
consumer groups rightly argue that it should be returned to those same consumers
(each consumer would receive approximately $50).

The commission's decision has highlighted the need for governmental involvement,
however, since the major Canadian ISPs informed the CRTC that without external
support, there is no economic case for building high-speed networks in many
rural Canadian communities.

The solution therefore lies not in simply handing over $652 million in economic
assistance to the telecommunications providers, but rather for government to
support local, community-owned networks that operate for the public benefit.
While the telecommunications providers might be called upon to establish the
services, publicly funded networks would remain in public hands, with
communities retaining the flexibility to offer reduced fees or alternate
options.

By openly acknowledging the lack of competitive pressures in urban markets and
their unwillingness to invest in rural networks without governmental support,
Canada's ISPs have sent a clear message to Bernier. While the market should
lead, the government must assume its share of responsibility to eliminate the
Canadian digital divide.

Michael Geist holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E-commerce Law at
the University of Ottawa, Faculty of Law.

E-mail: mgeist@uottawa.ca

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Concord Times (Freetown)

                                January 26, 2017

AMR Gold Recognised for Leading Community Development

BYLINE: Ibrahim Tarawallie

LENGTH: 306 words


A leading exploration company in Sierra Leone, AMR Gold Company has been
recognized for their exemplary contribution in boosting community development
and providing job opportunities to young Sierra Leonean graduates.

The Best Company award was presented by the Sella Development for Education and
Progress (SeDEP).

According to the organisation's Public Relations Officer, Mustapha Kamara, the
award was for the company's support towards education, youth empowerment,
community development and welfare support to the elderly and other disadvantaged
persons.

Kamara highlighted the rehabilitation of the Kamakwie maternity hospital, which
is currently providing medical services to about six Chiefdoms, as one of the
many goodies received from the company to help residents of Sella Limba and
other chiefdoms in the Kambia district.

On his part, SeDEP's National Coordinator, Alimamy S. Bangura, stated that they
have enjoyed a good working relationship with the management of AMR Gold, while
commending the company for constructing bridges linking villages to facilitate
agricultural development, refurbishing the Kamakwie Court Barry and Police
Station and providing scholarships for both primary and secondary schools, among
others.

Receiving the Award, the company's Admin and Finance Manager, Mohamed Sultan
Daffae said: "This award goes to all our staff for their dedication and
commitment. Our door is always open to give a helping hand for sustainable
development within the country. We are currently constructing another school in
Kayigrana village."

Also, Country Manger Luke Rogers, commended SeDEP for what he described as 'an
impressive initiative' and disclosed that plans were underway to support primary
schools in Sella Limba Chiefdom by providing desks and chairs to help create a
conducive learning environment for the pupils.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 30, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Pittsfield councilors slate public hearing

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 119 words

DATELINE: PITTSFIELD


A brief agenda awaits the Pittsfield Town Council at its Tuesday, May 4,
meeting.

The agenda includes:

.  A public hearing on issuance of a liquor license to Green Apple Cafe on Main
Street.

.  Seeking proposals for a new local telephone service.

.  Authorization of a new electricity contract.

.  Updates on a variety of local projects, including Mill Pond Project, economic
development and the town's $2.6 million airport reconstruction.

.  Setting four public hearings for May 18 that deal with a community
development block grant, rural road initiative program, building code revisions
and a land purchase contract.

All council meetings begin at 7:30 p.m. in the council chambers of the municipal
building on Park Street.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Student project will help improve computer education and job placement skills in
Vietnam

LENGTH: 669  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Macalester College has issued the following news release:

April 02, 2014

CATEGORY: College News

Larger Image

St. Paul, Minn. - Macalester student Ngan "Jasmine" Nguyen has received a grant
to undertake a project for peace by providing 60 high-school-age youth in Vinh
Phuc Village in rural Vietnam computer education through the establishment of a
sustainable "Interactive Learning Center" and basic computer-skills training
programs.

Nguyen's grant is from the Davis Projects for Peace initiative funded by the
late philanthropist Kathryn Wasserman Davis who launched Projects for Peace on
the occasion of her 100th birthday in 2007. Until her death at 106 in 2013, Mrs.
Davis was intent on advancing the cause of peace and sought to motivate
tomorrow's promising leaders by challenging them to find ways to "prepare for
peace".

Since high school, Nguyen has aspired to provide social service and leadership
to improve public educational systems in Vietnam. "The Davis Projects for Peace
is the milestone to achieve that ambition," said Nguyen.

"This project enables me to make a deep and long-lasting impact on the society
which was my second home for the last three years," she said. Nguyen has been a
longtime volunteer in Vinh Phuc Village which is near her hometown in Vietnam.

"I hope through the establishment of "Interactive Learning Center" with
computers and Internet, the students in Vinh Phuc will recognize technology as
the vital key to success in this era, influencing their lives in a meaningful
way," she said. "If the project can attract more attention to education in rural
area in Vietnam, there could be a better financial source invested to the
facilities for the children."

Nguyen's project is titled:  "Cultivating Peace: Virtual Learning Buddy." She
will be partnering with Solidarités Jeunesses Vietnam, a youth NGO managed by
and for young volunteers with the support of United Nations Development
Programme (UNDP) Vietnam. Its work focuses on sustainable community-development
projects emphasizing education and peace building at the grassroots level in
Vietnam. In addition, she will host workshops to prepare the students for job
placement.  The students in Vinh Phuc Village will have access to improved
studying conditions and excellent educational resources to encourage their work
towards their dreams of a brighter future.

Nguyen, who just completed her first year at Macalester, wants to be an agent
for change. "I am very excited to get involved and be the change I want in the
community I deeply care about," she said.

The Davis family has chosen to honor Kathryn Wasserman Davis's legacy by
continuing to fund Projects for Peace and is heartened by the quality and
inventiveness of the projects to be undertaken in 2014.  Projects that address
conflict resolution and reconciliation, foster understanding, provide
opportunity, and community building are among the many winning proposals
submitted by motivated students this year.  Mrs. Davis was the mother of Shelby
M.C. Davis who funds the Davis UWC Scholars Program.

A total of 127 winning projects were selected, and each is being awarded $10,000
for implementation during the summer of 2014. Students themselves will implement
their projects throughout the world.

After she graduates in 2017, Nguyen hopes to go back to Vietnam.  "After
graduation, I want to bring the knowledge gained from college to Vietnam and
continue to provide primary education and technology to the youth of my
country."

Projects for Peace invites all undergraduates at the 91 American campuses,
including Macalester, which are partners in the Davis United World College
Scholars Program (see www.davisuwcscholars.org) to compete for these grants.
Other participating institutions include International Houses Worldwide, the
Graduate Institute in Geneva, Future Generations Graduate School, and the
University of Maine. For more information on Projects for Peace, see
www.davisprojectsforpeace.org.

For more information please visit: http://www.macalester.edu

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 4, 2008 Saturday

Council launches efforts aimed at helping local farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: Ethan Schowalter-Hay, The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 989 words


Oct. 4--Northeast Oregon is seeing some interesting explorations into
agricultural technology and procedure that could have beneficial impacts on area
farmers and ranchers.

The Eagle Cap Resource Conservation and Development Council is a non-profit
organization focused on natural resource conservation and community development
in Baker, Union and Wallowa counties.

RC&D districts were established by Congress in 1962 "to promote conservation,
improve land use, develop natural resources and enhance social, economic and
environmental conditions in primarily rural areas of the U.S.," according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resource Conservation Service, which
administers the program.

While ECRCD is not yet authorized (see sidebar), its steering committee --
comprised of representatives of NRCS, the Forest Service, soil and water
conservation districts, the Oregon Department of Forestry, extension services
and other agencies and community members -- is moving ahead with diverse
projects.

Cindy Whitlock has been the ECRCD coordinator for nearly two years. She said
that much of the district's energy is currently devoted to three ambitious
efforts with much potential bearing on local agriculture.

In response to rising energy costs and the uncertain financial climate, ECRCD is
offering assistance to local farmers and ranchers interested in bolstering the
energy efficiency of their operations, through its Agricultural Energy
Efficiency Program.

"Because with the price of gas, that's really going to be important to
(producers)," said Whitlock.

Mike Burton, district conservationist at the NRCS La Grande office, and Lisa
Cron, director of the Union County Soil and Water Conservation District, are
coordinating the AEEP program for ECRCD.

"The goal is to get (producers) more efficient systems," Cron said.

ECRCD is providing interested producers with an outline for proceeding in the
AEEP program. Following initial consultations, the firm EnSave would conduct an
energy audit on the operation in question.

After receiving the results, the producer could then decide whether or not to
seek grants for projects maximizing energy efficiency.

Burton said, "We kind of diagnose the opportunity, and the RC&D is there to help
coordinate getting funding."

There are a number of funding sources the ECRCD consultants can direct producers
to, from USDA Rural Development to the Oregon Department of Energy. Some of
these have set deadlines for submitting grant applications; others operate on a
rolling schedule.

This maiden year, ECRCD is aiming for three or four producers to participate.

"With it being our first time, we're setting our goals a little lower," Cron
explained.

On his own, local farmer Phil Hassinger has already undergone an efficiency
upgrade to his operation off Booth Lane. Now he's a resource for ECRCD and
interested peers.

"We've been kind of tapping Phil's brain," Burton said.

Another project gathering momentum is the installation of a Global Positioning
System base station in Wallowa County.

This initiative is a partnership between ECRCD and the Oregon Department of
Transportation.

"The hand-held recreational GPS units most of us own these days are accurate to
300 feet, which is usually accurate enough for those of us out playing in the
woods or looking for directions to our friend's house," said Ron Singh, chief of
surveys and geometronics manager for ODOT at a July meeting in Wallowa County.

"However, if you are out surveying or doing precision farming, that's just not
close enough. Every foot in precision farming is money. Money in terms of too
much or too little pesticide or fertilizer applied, gallons of diesel used to
run equipment and bales or bushels yielded from cropland."

Base stations provide reference points to compensate for the GPS locational
offset, and could have applications well beyond farming.

Joe Zuger of the Wallowa County Soil & Water Conservation District, one of the
coordinators of the project along with Tom Smith of Wallowa County NRCS, said
such stations are well distributed in western Oregon, much more patchily so east
of the Cascades. A Wallowa County system could coordinate with others in
Pendleton and La Grande (at the rest area just north of the mouth of Ladd
Canyon) for increased triangulation.

Zuger said ECRCD is still investigating funding -- a base station unit typically
costs some $20,000 -- and the best method to transmit signals from the base
station to ODOT and then to individual GPS receivers.

Finally, ECRCD is beginning an investigation of a grass bank for ranchers in
Baker County, and potentially elsewhere within the district. This program would
provide forage for producers whose grazing allotments or pasture land have
burned in a wildfire.

To allow such range to adequately recover, the grass bank program would open
other grounds for cattle. Such efforts are also meant to promote sustainable
grazing practices.

In addition, ECRCD has connected a local group of producers and other
individuals interested in creating a biodiesel co-op with industry professionals
and other such coalitions elsewhere in Oregon.

For more information about ECRCD, contact Whitlock at 962-8501 or This e-mail
address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to view
it .

Those producers interested in the AEEP program should contact Burton at
963-4178, ext. 108, or mike.burton@or,usda.gov ; or Cron at 963-0724, or This
e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript enabled to
view it .

To see more of The Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lagrandeobserver.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Observer, La Grande,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20081004-YL-Council-launches-efforts-aimed-at-helping-local-farmers-ranchers-100
4

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                                 Copyright 2008


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

Washington: ICYMI: Financial Services Committee Republicans Oppose Amendments to
Help Main Street

LENGTH: 1106  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: Financial Services Committee has issued the following press
release:



 In the House Financial Services Committee markup to consider its Budget Views
and Estimates for Fiscal Year 2018, Ranking Member Maxine Waters (D-CA) and
Committee Democrats urged Committee Republicans to join them in holding the
Trump Administration accountable and supporting amendments that would help
middle class families and the most vulnerable populations. Throughout the
markup, Democrats offered amendments to protect consumers and investors.





 Not surprisingly, every single amendment was opposed by Committee Republicans.



 Additionally, Committee Republicans voted to release only portions of a
deposition transcript of the former Executive Director of the Financial
Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) to unfairly criticize FSOC's designation
process, disregarding the full set of facts. The Republicans' cherry-picked
excerpts represent approximately 20 pages of a 425-page transcript of a two-day,
ten-hour deposition. The views expressed by the former FSOC Executive Director
during the lengthy deposition are not accurately reflected in the transcript
excerpts, which have been selectively chosen by Committee Republicans and taken
out of context to withhold the full testimony from the public since it
contradicts the Republicans' flawed assertions about the FSOC's designation
process.



 Committee Republicans voted against the following amendments:



     An amendment by Ranking Member Waters to provide funding to end
homelessness.

     An amendment by Ranking Member Waters to direct the Office of Foreign
Assets Control to retain sanctions against Russia.

     An amendment by Rep. Maloney to support the Orderly Liquidation Authority
as a back-up mechanism for safely winding down large financial institutions
without requiring a taxpayer assistance.

     An amendment by Rep. Meeks and Rep. Green to appropriately fund the
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) and HOME Investment Partnerships (HOME)
programs.

     An amendment by Rep. Green to support fair housing initiatives and
encourage full enforcement of the Fair Housing Act.

     An amendment by Rep. Cleaver highlighting the importance of consumer
protections and maintaining the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's (CFPB)
independent funding structure.

     An amendment by Rep. Moore urging strong U.S. leadership in the global
economy and cooperation with international financial institutions.

     An amendment by Rep. Moore to restore the full functionality of
Export-Import Bank (Ex-Im Bank).

     An amendment by Rep. Lynch to require the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) to devote sufficient resources to take action against insider
trading and bribery of foreign governments under the Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act.

     An amendment by Rep. Velazquez urging Congress to provide sufficient
resources required to adequately renovate and support public housing.





 During the markup, Financial Services Committee Democrats spoke forcefully
about Democratic priorities and their concerns about the Trump Wall Street First
agenda.



 On the Waters amendment to provide sufficient funding to end homelessness:



 "Homelessness is homelessness. You don't have a place to live - whether you're
in the rural area of this country, or the urban area... I have asked Republicans
repeatedly to pay attention to the economic needs of the rural communities."



 - Rep. Waters to Rep. Duffy



 On the Waters amendment to direct the Office of Foreign Asset Control to retain
sanctions against Russia:



 "I don't believe that you will allow yourselves to continue to defend certain
actions of this Administration and all of its allies who are tied to the oil
industry and fighting to lift the sanctions on Russia so that they can benefit
from the lifting of those sanctions. I would ask that you show your patriotism
by supporting this amendment."



 - Rep. Waters to Committee Republicans



 On the Maloney amendment to support the Orderly Liquidation Authority:



 "Taxpayers are fully protected under the Orderly Liquidation Authority...What
greater way to assert market discipline than to hold the company that's
mismanaged responsible? That the company bears the brunt, not the taxpayer?
That's what the Orderly Liquidation does."



 - Rep. Maloney



 On the Meeks and Green amendment to examine and appropriate funding for the
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) and HOME Investment Partnerships (HOME)
programs:



 "Community development should be an area that we can focus on and work on in a
collective manner."



 - Rep. Meeks



 "[The amendment says] 'With an eye towards establishing appropriate funding
levels.' That's the language that I believe the Chairman of the Housing
Subcommittee can embrace."



 - Rep. Green



 On the Cleaver amendment to maintain the CFPB's independent funding structure:



 "One of our primary responsibilities as Members of this committee should be to
stand up for consumers and to protect our constituents. It's troubling that our
new Administration doesn't share this sentiment."



 - Rep. Cleaver



 On the Moore amendment urging strong U.S. leadership in international financial
institutions:



 "We have Moscow and Beijing looking to drive the train of global economic
leadership. We're all Americans here, Mr. Chairman. Surely it's not just the
Democrats who find it unacceptable for us to not have our financial hegemony in
the world."



 - Rep. Moore



 On the Moore amendment to restore the full functionality of Ex-Im Bank:



 "Not only has the Ex-Im Bank financed more than $240 billion in U.S. exports,
it supported more than 1.4 million American jobs and remitted more than $3.8
billion in deficit reduction receipts to the Treasury."



 - Rep. Moore



 On the Lynch amendment to urge the SEC to devote sufficient resources to
monitor markets:



 "Given that my Republican colleagues repealed Section 1504 of the Dodd-Frank
Act, which was a critical transparency law designed to stop oil companies from
making corrupt deals with foreign governments, it is now even more important
that the SEC utilize its authority under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act to
bring actions against all companies engaged in bribery of foreign officials."



 - Rep. Lynch



 On the Velazquez amendment urging Congress to provide sufficient resources to
renovate and support public housing:



 "Our nation's public housing stock continues deteriorating as agencies struggle
with chronic underfunding. Failing to invest in public housing has consequences,
Mr. Chairman."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                National Mirror

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

Bolanle Ambode and her silent revolution

LENGTH: 992  words

DATELINE: Lagos


Lagos, Nov. 8 -- Considering its ever growing population, commercial status and
cosmopolitan nature, Lagos State could surely make do with varied collaborations
with individuals, organisations and other stakeholders for accelerated growth.
It is from this perspective that the efforts of Office of the Wife of Lagos
State Governor in providing a huge boost for Lagos development should be
commended. Lagos' First Lady, Her Excellency Mrs. Bolanle Ambode, is currently
engendering a silent revolution that is offering priceless succour to Lagosians
across all divides.

Through her Foundation, Hope for Women in Nigeria Initiative, HOFOWEM, Mrs.
Ambode is giving a new definition to the art of social work and community
development in the country. HOFOWEM's key area of influence is Lagos State,
particularly the rural communities. One of the themes for the actualization of
HOFOWEM's goals is "Hope for Children through which it seeks to help
rehabilitate Vulnerable Children and encourage the education of disadvantaged
children in the society. Similarly, the wellbeing and health care of deprived
children is also one core aspect HOFOWEM deems vital in its plans. The "HOFOWEM
Scholarship Scheme is another central part of the Hope for Children initiative.

Since the inauguration of HOFOWEM, Mrs. Ambode has been using the platform to
put smiles on faces of the less privileged in the society. In the first quarter
of the year, HOFOWEM concentrated on empowering widows, other foundations, and
mothers with multiple births and also funded major surgical procedures for many
people. This is not surprising as a crucial goal of HOFOWEM is to touch and
transform lives as well as create sustainable means for the underprivileged in
the society.

One good thing about HOFOWEM is that, though the name suggests a woman interest
organisation, the truth, however, is that its focus is all encompassing. For
instance, pupils, indigent students, widows, multiple birth mothers, orphans and
many others have received varied degrees of helps from HOFOWEM at one time or
the other. The Foundation did its maiden empowerment programme on March 7th,
this year, when widows, sick women and mothers with multiple births, were
supported in various ways.

One unique thing about HOFOWEM's scope of operation is that it creatively covers
assorted areas of interests. Thus, from time to time, the Foundation comes up
with a variety of innovative ideas aimed at bettering the lots of hapless folks
in the society. The idea is to ensure that, as much as possible, through
strategic and inventive thinking, it comes up with robust initiatives to address
emerging and critical needs of the less privileged.

Considering current harsh economic realities in the country and its attendant
consequences, HOFOWEM's novel approach to social intervention is quite
admirable. A major benefit of this strategy is that as new challenges surface,
the people are not left in the cooler for too long before help comes.

In furtherance of this novel social intervention philosophy, HOFOWEM recently
distributed gift items to 230 expectant mothers in Alausa, Ikeja. Packaged under
the banner of HOFOWEM "Hope for Expectant Mothers" support programme, the
initiative was aimed at reducing maternal and infant mortality. Through the
programme provision was made for 230 expectant mothers with baby mattresses,
Nursing Mum's packs which contained all the necessary baby essentials from
thermometers to breastfeeding covers among others.

At the event, it was revealed that basic hygiene and good sanitary habits for
pregnant women could play a key role in reducing maternal and infant mortality.

Speaking at the occasion, Mrs. Ambode disclosed that: 'All too often, infants
are usually at risk of infection, diarrhea, poor growth and many common diseases
associated with unhygienic habits. The act of washing hands is so simple, yet we
do not see it as a game-changing solution".

Beneficiaries of the support programme were drawn from the 20 local government
and 37 development areas of the state. At the event, a total of about 230
pregnant women were given complete delivery packs which include: Baby and mother
beds, sanitary pads, towels, beverages, thermometer, shawl, diapers,
breastfeeding net, traveling bed, sanitizers, amongst others.

A major highlight of the event is the distribution of shoes and socks to 175,000
public primary school pupils in Lagos State. The central and underlining
philosophy behind the laudable gesture is primarily to ensure that no pupil is
denied the joy and fulfillment of schooling on the basis of lack of shoes and
other such basic necessities. Considering that a former President of the country
once made the subject of "I had no shoe" a crucial electoral campaign issue,
this particular intervention of HOFOWEM should be vastly appreciated.

The platform of the Committee of Wives of Lagos State Officials, COWLSO, is
another avenue the First Lady has been using to impact lives. COWLSO recently
donated the first state-of-theart Ear, Nose and Throat (E.N.T) equipment in the
state to General Hospital in Odan, Lagos Island. It also flagged off free
Goiters surgery and distribution of hearing aids to selected women, men and
children who were picked after medical screening carried out by the officials of
the state. COWLSO also recently concluded its 2016 conference which brought
together eminent women (and men) across the world including First Lady, Aisha
Buhari.

According to James Milson, the real essence of life is in the number of lives
that one is able to positively touch. With the lives she has touched thus far,
Mrs. Ambode, no doubt, understands the real essence of life.

Ogunbiyi is of the Features Unit, Ministry of Information and Strategy, Alausa,
Ikeja.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from National Mirror. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Call of the Maori Land

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: CHENNAI


CHENNAI, March 3 -- In order to further popularise Kiwi land as a higher
education destination for Indian students, Education New Zealand (ENZ) and the
University Grants Commission have announced a joint call for research proposals.
The grant may cover expenses for project consumables, equipment, travel,
accommodation, research assistance, administration, workshops and conferences.
To know more, edex caught up with Ziena Jalil, Regional Director, South Asia,
ENZ.

Why this initiative?

New Zealand and India have a positive and collegial relationship supported at
the governments' highest levels. Education is an important part of that
relationship and we see great value in supporting collaboration between our
academics. Exposure to local experts and local knowledge will help partners
understand and connect with the global network, which strengthens institutions
and develops capacity in the agreed sectors; we shall come to that later.

Tell us about the selection process

Selection will be a three-tier process - a preliminary selection will be
undertaken by UGC and ENZ, ascertaining the eligibility of each project
proposal, after which the short-listed applications will be assessed by a
multidisciplinary panel of Indian and New Zealand academics, and the
recommendations of the expert panel will be considered at a joint committee
meeting of UGC and ENZ. The committee's decision will be final.

Committee members will include a maximum of three representatives each from New
Zealand and India. For details on the application process, visit
www.victoria.ac.nz/hppi/centres/new-zealand-india-research-institute and
www.ugc.ac.in/ugc_ic.aspx. Applications are to be sent to india@enz.govt.nz and
ugcic2@gmail.com by March 28.

In which areas could one dabble in?

The projects can be in any academic discipline but must focus on one or more of
the following themes: food security including agriculture, history, social
justice and social change; community development and innovation; creative and
culture industries, tourism and the new leisure economy; health; environment and
sustainability including climate change and energy studies; Indian diaspora in
the South Pacific and the Antipodes; India-NZ trade relations and India's
foreign policy in the Asia-Pacific; information security and urban planning and
development, and urban-rural land use and related issues.

How many awards are intended to be given away?

There is no set number of places. Applications are open to any academic staff
employed in a tertiary educational institution or recognised centre of academic
research in New Zealand, and all public educational institutions in India that
are eligible for UGC funding. The allocation of grants depends on the calibre of
applications received.

Tell us about ENZ's future plans.

New Zealand remains committed to a relationship with the Indian education
sector. Both partners are engaged in the India-New Zealand Education Council.
This council discusses future initiatives in the tertiary education space. The
date for the next council meeting is still to be confirmed.

Can students work while studying?

Students pursuing PhD or master's by research have unlimited work rights. Those
enrolled in a course of at least one academic year can work full-time during
each scheduled semester break. Those pursuing an English language course of at
least 14 weeks' duration can work up to 20 hours a week. In addition to the
above, New Zealand also offers post-study work visa options subject to students
meeting certain criteria. Details at www.immigration.govt.nz.

- shilpa.vasudevan@newindianexpress.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                November 6, 2014
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

IRD Duhallow: Supportingenterprise &community

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 37,38

LENGTH: 734 words


IRD Duhallow has been in business with 25 years, and has in the past 3 years
faced one of the most tumultuous times since our inception.

Threat after threat came our way, the biggest being the Alignment Process. The
tremendous support we have received from the people of Duhallow this past twelve
months at our local community meetings, our rally at the James O'Keeffe
Institute and the National rally at the Dail in Dublin has been humbling. We are
emerging from this time, stronger than ever and confident in the mandate again
bestowed upon us by the communities of the Duhallow region, communities we have
serviced since 1989.

LCDC's have been set up countrywide, and Cork being the biggest county has
three.

The Duhallow region is covered mainly under the North Cork LCDC with the
Donoughmore region lying mainly in the South and the Gneeveguilla, Rathmore and
Shrone area covered in a third Lot in Co. Kerry. North Cork LCDC has
representation from IRD Duhallow, Ballyhoura Development and Avondhu Blackwater
Partnership. Agreement has been reached at the LCDC that the new social
inclusion programme will be tendered for across three Lots on the footprint of
the existing partnership areas.

Plans are already afoot for the new Social Inclusion Programme, or SICAP as it
has been named. We were successful in stage one of the tender for SICAP, so
shortly we will be again engaging in public consultation with communities and
enterprises to inform our plan which must be submitted by the mid December.

The new LEADER Programme will roll out next year, albeit a much reduced
programme on the current LEADER budget. The Board of IRD Duhallow has agreed
that we will be putting forward our own plan for Duhallow. We have already begun
the preparation and background work for this 6 year strategy.

Despite the unsettling attacks on the company, our board has been stalwart and
resilient over the past few years, maintain-ing the strong work ethic and focus
of the company on the development of new and existing enterprises in Duhallow
and supporting our communities to develop their facilities and amenities. IRD
Duhallow's Board has been strengthened this year by a number of new members
including Community representatives Batt Casey and Brian Kelly and former Cllr
Breda Moynihan Cronin. We have through the hard work of our staff and leadership
of our Board, delivered on every LEADER target set down by the Department and
paid out over (EURO)7.5 million in LEADER funds to local business and
communities since 2009. The reward for this; an additional (EURO)2m allocation
to our budget in 2012.

We have grown our employment supports to the long term unemployed and we now
administer 8 Tús schemes, awarded Employment Initiative of the Year by the Local
Authority last year and have already provided work placements for 392 long term
unemployed since 2011. Our CE Scheme has increased from 18 to 28 participants
and we continue to support 58 small farmers through the Rural Social Scheme. We
have been awarded a second Life project by the European Commission which will
commence next year.

We are looking forward to working in partnership with the Local Authority. The
Duhallow area needs the combined efforts of all agencies to work with the
communities to ensure that we have the jobs, environment and quality of life
that rural communities deserve.

IRD Duhallow was founded by businessmen from the area who had a vision of
developing the Duhallow economy through local initiatives, and from the
beginning, supporting Duhallow businesses has been our key priority. We have
created 1250 local jobs and sustained 1550 people into local employment, as well
as indirectly giving employment to many more local suppliers and service
providers.

Supports to businesses are primarily offered under the Local Community
Development Programme and LEADER. And under LEADER 07-13 we have distributed
(EURO)3.2million to almost 170 businesses. In spite of an almost 50% cut to both
these funds in the coming programmes, we will endeavour to successfully continue
our work with Duhallow businesses through increasingly skeleton resources
available. One of our key supports delivered, has been the number of feasibility
studies that have been undertaken via these programmes. Technical studies
provide a thorough analysis of the potential of a business and, are vital to
ensure that an enterprise gets the best possible start.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EquestrianTourism has brought huge numbers into the region over the
past 12 months, with IRD Duhallow supported facilities in Kilguilkey House and
Green Glens.Wille John Shields progressed from TUS to receive an LCDP grant to
form his business"The Billy Chairs".Ingredient Solutions in Boherbue was
supported in the early stages of their Business, they now employ over 50Last
year's Duhallow Business Award Winners Daniel O Keeffe and Daniel O Leary of Alu
Cat.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CMN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             June 30, 2011 Thursday

Eight Croatian Civil Society Organizations Awarded with World Bank's Grants

LENGTH: 931  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 30 -- Eight Croatian non-governmental organizations (NGO's)
received today grants in the amount of US$ 45,000 from the World Bank 2011 Civil
Society Fund Program (CSF). The grants will help the NGOs implement civic
engagement projects supporting activities that empower and enable civil society
groups to take initiatives and influence development outcomes while focusing on
vulnerable and marginalized groups and individuals. This is the tenth
consecutive year that World Bank Croatia Office is providing grants to Croatian
civil society organizations.

After carefully reviewing 84 project proposals from NGOs across Croatia, eight
projects were selected. This year's winning projects cover a wide range of civic
engagement activities such as: empowering youth and marginalized group, social
inclusion of disabled people and environmental protection.

The following NGOs and projects are the winners of this year's Civil Society
Fund program:

Centre for women Adela - Work therapy activities for new knowledge and skills

The main objective of the Project is the organization of therapeutic educational
workshops for women victims of domestic violence that will facilitate their
employment and contribute to raising their competitiveness in the labor market.
Workshops will also focus on raising self-esteem and building self-confidence of
these vulnerable groups of women, as well as increasing public awareness about
domestic violence.

Centre for Rural Development Sinj - Training - Caring for elderly people in need

The Project Training -Caring for elderly people in need aims to provide
unemployed elderly women in the area of Sinj with skills to care for elderly and
people in need. The Project will benefit both the trained women who will become
more involved in the local community and the recipients of care.

Common zone - Online database for socially responsible women's entrepreneurship

The objective of the Project is to establish an online database of socially
responsible women entrepreneurs, which will be used as a platform for
information and knowledge sharing about issues and positive practices in the
area of women's entrepreneurship. The aim is also to increase the presence and
improve opportunities for women to start businesses by providing advice on
common problems that entrepreneurs face when setting up a business.

HUK - Organization for promoting Humanity and Urban Culture KNIN

MUTATIS MUTANDIS - by changing those things which need to be changed

This Project is focusing on empowering youth from vulnerable families to become
more involved in their community. This will be done thorough various educational
workshops and events where they will be given the opportunity to learn
communications skills, develop their creativity, learn about music, and about
the area they live in. These activities will help them to develop new interests,
achieve personal growth and become more involved in community development.

Media Factory - Check This Out!

Check This Out! is aiming to involve young people from homes for children and
youth in activities and workshops that will teach them about filming and
editing, providing them with news skills, teaching them to cooperate with each
other and think creatively. They will be able to apply their new skills in the
production of educational and promotional TV videos about the rights of children
from homes for children and youth to education and employment. The videos will
be aired on Internet and broadcast on local and national television networks.

Mogu - therapeutic, recreational and sports horseback riding for people with
special needs - Including people with mental disabilities into employment and
community

Including people with mental disabilities into employment and the community,
will teach people with mild mental disabilities horse breeding skills,
increasing their chances to find employment and become more independent and
self-reliant, acquire working habits and consequently improve their quality of
life. The training and new skills will also enable them to develop new social
and communication skills and interact with the local community at the center.

Science and Society Synergy Institute - - Summer Science Factory

This Project is focused on developing a positive attitude towards science,
research and technology among young people in the area of city Rijeka. In the
world of constant technological and scientific changes, it is essential to keep
up with new developments as they are the precondition for economic and
individual growth. Working on scientific projects will help youth increase their
knowledge, interest and motivation for this field of work, contributing to the
creation of an innovative and open - minded workforce, capable of lifelong
learning.

The Blue World - Environmental and sustainable development activities for young
people in the city of Rijeka

The objective of the Project is to increase the awareness and understanding
among young people about environmental issues such as nature and sea protection,
conservation, energy and water efficiency, recycling and other environmental
issues. This should motivate them to share the new knowledge among their
community and influence their behavior towards the environment. Several
workshops will be organized including activities such as, replanting forests,
beach and sea cleaning, as well as lectures on environmental issues Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Dahmen Barn to receive $360K makeover

BYLINE: Lindsey Treffry, Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 555 words


May 24--ArtPlace America, a collaboration of national and regional foundations,
banks and federal agencies, has awarded the Uniontown Community Development
Association $362,300 for expansion and renovation of the Dahmen Barn creativity
center.

Out of 1,200 applicants, UCDA was one of 54 organizations chosen for the 2013
ArtPlace grant, which is awarded to support work in "creative placemaking"
across the U.S.

While UCDA and the Artisans at the Dahmen Barn organization have been awarded
grants previously, such as the 2012 Inland Northwest Community Foundation's
Community Strategies grant, they can finally implement the plans they've had for
the barn.

"Everything we've done on the barn to date has been with community coordination
and grants," said Artisans at the Dahmen Barn manager Leslee Miller. "And we
don't owe a penny on the project."

UCDA President and ArtPlace application writer Dale Miller said their grant
plans include the removal of an old loafing shed behind Dahmen Barn and an
expansion onto the barn, so classroom and studio spaces can grow. Artists
working with materials, such as clay, wood and metal were cramped in the
previous 12-by-12-foot space, Dale said.

The space could only seat eight to 10 students.

"We needed more space for a classroom, we needed more space for artisans who
could work with different material and then the performance hall in the Dahmen
Barn has become a really successful exhibit hall where once a month is different
shows," Dale said. "So that became a conflict with music performances in the
same space. It just became obvious over the last few years that we needed
space."

UCDA and the Dahmen Barn Association also have a plan to complete a natural
amphitheater on a hillside nearby.

Before the ArtPlace grant money was won, a schematic design for these changes
had already been made from previous grants. This was done with help from a
Washington State University Rural Community Design initiative and Hutchison and
Maul Architecture.

"When they sent someone here (from ArtPlace) to review on the project, the way
we were working, they were just quite impressed," Dale said.

Dale said when the ArtPlace employee visited in February, he was surprised how
UCDA and the Dahmen Barn Association were able to do projects simply with
community volunteers.

"What (ArtPlace was) thinking about, and we agree with, is that a lot of
communities have been losing their sense of identity as the economy changes and
the purpose for existence changes. And a lot of them are starting to come back
together by focusing on community activities (through) music, performances, art
and other types of creative pursuits," Dale said.

Dale said Dahmen Barn design plans will replace between 3,200-3,800 square feet.

"We need to sit back and make sure we have the design together," Dale said. "We
need to ... work with an architect to get all that refined. It will probably
take through September to complete the design development. And depending on
weather, we might not start until next spring."

For now, the Millers are just excited to have won the grant.

Lindsey Treffry can be reached at (208) 883-4620, or by email to
ltreffry@dnews.com

___ (c)2013 the Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) Visit the
Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Moscow, Idaho) at www.dnews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130524-1MW-Dahmen-Barn-to-receive-360K-makeover-0524-20130524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2013 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday

Housing Authority Focuses On Rural Issues, Too

BYLINE: James Buescher, Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 681  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY JAMES BUESCHER

Correspondent

When most people think of Lancaster County, they envision rolling hills, Amish
farmsteads, farmers' markets, fruit stands and 18th-century bank barns.

What few picture, however, is how certain sections of southern Lancaster County
resemble something out of rural Appalachia, pockets of poverty that rarely
appear in the glossy travel guides that celebrate the county's heritage tourism.

Luckily, the Lancaster County Housing and Redevelopment Authority is there to
help.

"Usually when we think 'needy' we think 'urban,' but that's just a
misperception," Matthew Sternberg, executive director of the Lancaster County
Housing and Redevelopment Authority said Feb. 20.

"In urban areas the need is just easier to see," he said. "But our job as the
county's housing authority is to use federal money to help everyone, including
those who choose to make their home in the southern end."

Founded 35 years ago by the Lancaster County government to administrate federal
grants from the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Sternberg said, the
goal of the authority is to improve housing and also provide infrastructure
upgrades in areas of low- to moderate-ncome as defined by the most recent census
data.

According to federal guidelines, Sternberg said, median income in Lancaster
County is defined as being $51,350 for a family of four.

"Our focus is on housing but we do a lot of other projects, too, like providing
money to construct homeless shelters or helping with Boys' & Girls' Clubs,"
Sternberg said. "Though I want to stress that this isn't our money we're talking
about here ... these are federal funds that are distributed by HUD, and our job
is to administer where those monies go throughout Lancaster city and County."

Aimee Tyson, community development director for the LCHRA, said Feb. 23 that
when it comes to southern end municipalities such as Drumore, Martic and Fulton
townships, LCHRA is confronted with unique issues that aren't encountered in
more urban places like Columbia borough or Lancaster city.

"Though technically the federal government considers Lancaster County to be an
'urban' county," Tyson said, "there are still vast areas of our county which are
very, very rural and require a different approach."

One way LCHRA makes itself available, she said, is through its Home Improvement
Program, which provides funds to people of low and moderate income to repair
their homes and make them code compliant. Other programs, she said, are
available to help rural residents better weatherize their homes to save on
heating costs.

"But by far, the biggest issue we deal with in rural areas are when septic
systems fail and the owner can't afford to put in a new one," Tyson said. "It's
too expensive for the township to run out a new sewer line on their own, so a
failed septic system presents a serious risk of contaminated well water and a
public health crisis."

Some options LCHRA can help with in that situation, she said, include the
construction of a small package sewer plant to serve other houses in the area,
or working with the municipality to receive state and federal grant money to
build a new sewer line.

"But I want to stress that every situation is different, and so we have to
approach it on a case-by-case basis," she said. "I also want to say that we're
designed to serve everybody, whether they live in a big town or a small one."

In many of the southern end's pockets of poverty, Sternberg said, residents keep
their heads down and are suspicious about the idea of receiving government
funds, an attitude the LCHRA is trying to change.

"Some folks just don't believe us when we say 'We're from the government and
we're here to help,' and a lot of those who do take aid ... do it just once," he
said. "What we're trying to do in rural townships is to show that we ... want to
do as much as we can for the rural settings, making sure everybody here in
Lancaster County can enjoy a better quality of life."

For more information on LCHRA's rural initiatives in Lancaster County's southern
end, visit www.lchra.com or call 394-0793.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                             June 26, 2014 Thursday

Grant helps cottage restoration

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 224 words


A project to restore the historic Kohi Kohi cottage in Riverton has received a
$50,000 funding boost from the Lotteries Environment and Heritage Committee.

Kohi Kohi Cottage, built in 1837, was the town's first permanent European
residence.

Southland Heritage Building and Preservation Trust trustee Maureen Fox said the
trust's vision was to return the cottage as far as it could to its former glory.
"We are absolutely delighted that we've had the full support of the Lotteries
Board," Fox said.

The trust took over the cottage in 2006.

A conservation report commissioned in 2009 outlined work that needed to be done
to repair and restore the cottage.

Surveying work and an archaeological assessment were partially completed, while
the remainder of the first stage would include repiling and repairing
foundations and subfloor, repairing windows, doors and interior joinery and
linings, stormwater system upgrade, new water supply and fire sprinkler system,
and borer treatment.

Stage one would cost $92,468, of which $72,000 had been raised, including the
Lotteries grant plus $20,000 from the Stout Trust and $2000 from the Southland
District Council Community Initiatives Fund.

Venture Southland community development planner Juanita Thornton said the
project group was applying to the Community Trust of Southland for the remaining
portion needed.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            March 18, 2017 Saturday

Many Trump voters would feel program cuts in budget proposal

SECTION: Pg. B7

LENGTH: 1044 words


WASHINGTON ? The closure of a regional airport could force residents of a small
town in upper Michigan to drive eight hours to catch a flight. The elimination
of funding to keep the Great Lakes clean could hurt business at a waterside Ohio
boating club. Cuts to the nation's flood insurance program could mean greater
losses after a storm for homeowners on Florida's Gulf Coast.

In his first budget blueprint since taking office, President Donald Trump held
to his promise to build up the U.S. military while slashing domestic spending -
even for programs that benefit the rural and lower-income Americans who voted
for him last November.

"Some people might think it's a betrayal," said Eric Waara, the Republican city
manager of the 7,000-person town of Houghton on Michigan's Upper Peninsula, who
said he hoped the proposal was just a negotiating tactic. "I think that we all
hope it's the first small step until something better."

Houghton sits more than 200 miles from a major highway and for many residents
the Houghton County Memorial Airport is their connection to the outside world.
Trump's proposed elimination of the Transportation Department's Essential Air
Service program, or EAS, could force the airport to close or dramatically
curtail service, leaving residents with a four-hour drive to Green Bay,
Wisconsin, or eight hours to Chicago to catch a flight, Waara said. The
administration said it would save $175 million a year.

Trump carried Houghton County with more than 54 per cent of the vote as he
became the first Republican to win Michigan since 1988. He got more than 50 per
cent of the vote in 86 of the 111 communities served by EAS, according to an
Associated Press analysis of voting data.

The proposed $1.15 trillion budget distills much of Trump's sweeping campaign
rhetoric into a set of hard choices and cold priorities. Trump is calling on
Congress to boost defence spending by $54 billion, a move popular with many
Republicans. A wall along the border with Mexico, a core campaign promise, would
receive $4 billion to start construction.

Trump's campaign promises to gut ineffective programs and shrink a bloated
bureaucracy translated into a plan that cuts environmental protections programs,
community development funding, housing vouchers, scientific research, a
commission to create economic opportunities in Appalachia and other programs.

Funding for popular social services like Meals on Wheels, which provides food to
the elderly, and after-school programs for children, also are on the chopping
block. The outline - the start of negotiations with Congress - leaves untouched
Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid spending.

"Rural America stepped up to the plate behind the president in his last
election, and we're wholeheartedly behind him. We need to make sure that rural
America at least gets its fair share," said Alabama Rep. Robert Aderholt, the
Republican chairman of the House agriculture appropriations subcommittee.
Aderholt, who represents one of the highest Trump voting congressional districts
in the country, said he's generally supportive of less federal spending but has
concerns about cuts that would hurt several rural development programs.

"It doesn't really reflect President Trump's support for rural communities," he
said.

Trump administration officials said the proposal supports a desire to give
states more flexibility and to protect taxpayers from seeing their dollars
wasted.

"You're only focusing on half of the equation, right?" Office of Management and
Budget Director Mick Mulvaney said when asked about the cuts. "You're focusing
on recipients of the money. We're trying to focus on both the recipients of the
money and the folks who give us the money in the first place."

The budget proposal offered the promise of increased spending and services in
some parts of Trump Country. The plan calls for a $500 million increase in
spending to counter opioid epidemic, an acute problem in many rural communities.
It proposes an additional $4.4 billion for veterans health care, including money
to extend a program that allows eligible veterans to seek care from a private
doctor outside the VA network.

Trump's proposed military buildup could be an economic boon to military
contractors and military communities. In the areas surrounding Fayetteville,
North Carolina, what's good for Fort Bragg is good for the community.

"We can't help but look upon the budget favourably," said Robert Van Geons, head
of Fayetteville-Cumberland County Economic Development Corp. Two of the counties
that make up the sprawling Fort Bragg delivered more than 60 per cent of its
votes for Trump.

Others saw economic worries in the proposal. The blueprint would cut almost all
the $300 million in funding for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, raising
concern among some in the Ohio counties along Lake Erie.

The initiative was started to help limit invasive species such as the Asian
carp, among other threats. It was meant to reduce dangers such as the outbreak
of bacteria in 2014 that contaminated drinking water for nearly 500,000 people
living around Toledo. Trump's budget plan says that these programs should be the
responsibility of state and local governments.

At Catawba Island Club, a lakeside club with hundreds of boat slips, a golf
course and 100 year-round employees in Ohio's Ottawa County, President Jim
Stouffer said a rise in pollution could hurt his business.

"Our reason for being is our members being able to get out on the water,"
Stouffer said.

Trump won the county by 57 per cent of the vote on his way to carrying Ohio.

The budget plan would also cut $190 million for mapping flood hazards for the
National Flood Insurance Program, as well as grants to fund projects that would
reduce damage from natural disasters. Without accurate maps of floodplains and
the engineering projects funded by these grants, the costs from flood losses and
natural disasters could be even higher for homeowners, businesses and taxpayers,
said Don Griffin, a vice-president at the Property Casualty Insurers Association
of America.

The three states with the most flood insurance policies, according to the
government, are Florida, Texas and Louisiana, all of which supported Trump.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             March 13, 2006 Monday

Don't subsidize Web providers, make them compete

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 1001 words


Toronto Hydro's announcement last week of its plans to blanket the City of
Toronto with wireless Internet access has sparked an important debate about the
appropriate role for governments and public institutions in providing Internet
connectivity. Significantly, it comes on the heels of the Canadian
Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission's recent decision to
distribute $652 million to major telecom providers such as Bell and Telus to
help defray the costs of implementing high-speed connectivity in rural Canadian
communities.

These developments place the spotlight squarely on a critical question for new
Conservative Industry Minister Maxime Bernier - what, if anything, should
government do about Internet connectivity?

The starting position for a Conservative government might well be to argue that
government has a very limited role to play here, concluding that this is
strictly a marketplace issue and that the private sector has plenty of
incentives to develop networks for consumer use.

The major telecommunications companies can be expected to support that approach,
though the CRTC decision illustrated that they typically only want to keep
government out when it is a potential competitor. When government is prepared to
provide what amounts to massive corporate subsidies, as Canada's
telecommunications regulator has decided to do, public involvement becomes far
more attractive.

Meanwhile, supporters of public involvement point to compelling evidence that
government must increasingly shoulder responsibility to ensure that the market
features robust competition and that no Canadian communities are left behind.

Access to the Internet is no longer a luxury - for millions of Canadians it is a
necessity that serves as a foundation for education and life-long learning
initiatives, access to knowledge, health care, government services, financial
activity, entertainment, and communication.

Given the Web's importance, government cannot adopt a hands-off approach, though
it must recognize that its role differs in the urban and rural markets.

In urban communities, most of which are serviced by a choice of two broadband
options (cable or DSL), the focus ought to be on the competitive environment and
assuring the entire community can afford access.

Recent comments from a senior Canadian cable company executive, who last month
informed a group of stock analysts that the Canadian market for broadband
services does not face the same competitive pressures as those found in the
U.S., foreshadows the prospect of steadily increasing consumer prices for high
speed Internet access.

In fact, as leading Canadian ISPs institute new fees for services such as
Internet telephony and as they lobby for the power to dispense with traditional
network neutrality principles, the lack of competition is clearly having a
negative impact on the marketplace and could expand the digital divide within
Canada's major cities.

In light of these developments, last week's Toronto Hydro announcement should be
welcomed as an opportunity to inject new competition into the Internet access
market. Much like other municipal wireless initiatives in U.S. cities such as
San Francisco and Philadelphia, officials should use the connectivity to ensure
that there is affordable access for all members of the community.

The government's role in rural Canada ought to be a different one. In those
communities, many of which lie on the outskirts of major cities such as Toronto
or Ottawa, the concern revolves around connectivity, not competition, since
there is often no broadband option available to local residents.

Ottawa has been struggling with this issue for many years. In 2000, it
established the Broadband Task Force, which recommended the government address
fears of a digital divide within the country by providing financial support for
network development in rural communities. Those recommendations were never fully
implemented as successive industry ministers failed to obtain the necessary
support within cabinet.

The CRTC jumped at the opportunity to remedy the situation when it conducted
hearings on how to distribute funds it held in trust on behalf of consumers who
overpaid for their local phone service. Last month it decided to allocate the
funds, which amount to a staggering $652 million, toward rural broadband
initiatives. The money will be used to reimburse telecommunications providers
for their "non-economic" costs (for instance unprofitable costs) of building
rural broadband networks.

While its intent is laudable, the CRTC's approach is an inappropriate way to
solve the problem. Since the money comes directly from Canadian consumers,
consumer groups rightly argue that it should be returned to those same consumers
(each would receive approximately $50).

The Commission's decision has highlighted the need for governmental involvement,
however, since the major Canadian ISPs informed the CRTC that without subsidies,
there is no economic case for building high-speed networks in many rural
Canadian communities.

However, the solution lies not in simply handing over $652 million in economic
assistance to the telecommunications providers, but rather for government to
support local, community-owned networks that operate for the public benefit.

While the telecom providers might be called upon to establish the services,
publicly-funded networks would remain in public hands, with the communities
retaining the flexibility to offer reduced fees or alternate options.

By openly acknowledging the lack of competitive pressures in urban markets and
their unwillingness to invest in rural networks without governmental support,
Canada's ISPs have sent a clear message to Minister Bernier. While the market
should lead, the government must assume its share of responsibility to eliminate
the Canadian digital divide.

Michael Geist is Canada Research Chair in Internet and E-commerce Law at the
University of Ottawa. He can reached at mgeist @ uottawa.ca or online at
www.michaelgeist.ca.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      March 3, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

Budgetary Realities Brought Home to Kemp

BYLINE: Gwen Ifill, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A5

LENGTH: 444 words


A week ago, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp spent the night at
Opportunities Tower in Philadelphia, a federally subsidized, high-rise apartment
building for senior citizens. The next day, he lavishly praised the project and
the federal direct-loan program that helped to pay for it.

Yesterday, however, before the House Budget Committee, Kemp had to defend the
Bush administration's proposal to reduce funding for the program from nearly $
500 million last year to $ 78 million in fiscal 1990 and to shift from direct
loans to controversial credit vouchers.

Kemp's first appearance as secretary before the committee also marked his first
opportunity to pit his enthusiastic pronouncements about the future of federal
housing projects against the reality of the 1990 budget. Panel members welcomed
him warmly but were skeptical of his ability to match "the rhetoric and the
numbers," as Rep. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) put it.

"You've indicated a number of programs that you support," committee Chairman
Leon E. Panetta (D-Calif.) said. "How are we going to find the resources?"

Kemp, who has been praised by members of both parties for his enthusiasm about
reinvigorating the Department of Housing and Urban Development, encountered
rough going on what panel members described as inadequate funding for economic
development, rural programs, public-housing renovation and initiatives for the
homeless.

"Explain to me how cutting CDBGs [community development block grants], rental
rehabilitation and public-housing modernization programs leads to a kinder,
gentler America or even begins to address the unconscionable levels of poverty
that you refer to," Rep. Marty Russo (D-Ill.) asked.

Kemp, long a champion of private-sector alternatives to government spending,
said additional resources are needed but not exclusively from federal coffers.

"What a limited view of America to think that the federal government is the sole
repository of all answers and all resources," Kemp said. "The greatest resource
of this country is the people . . . the private sector of this country."

The three-hour hearing illuminated some of the most severe problems facing HUD
after eight years of systematically decreasing budgets. Acknowledging
"constraints that we all must operate in," Kemp said that the Bush
administration is "committed to maintaining a housing safety net."

"We are operating in an environment that perhaps is not conducive to massive new
programs," he said. "But I think there are ways of finding some answers to
this."

The committee members' prevailing opinion, however, was that the private sector
cannot fill the gap.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                               February 11, 2008

Commerce budget in Idaho emphasizes recruitment

BYLINE: Eddie Kovsky

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 522  words


Idaho must continue to diversify the economy by recruiting and expanding in many
sectors, Don Dietrich, administrator of the Department of Commerce Division of
Economic and Community Development, told the Joint Finance and Appropriations
Committee.

"Idaho is not insulated from general market hiccups," he said on Feb. 5.

Dietrich is the acting director of the Commerce Department.

The Department of Commerce played a role in attracting 20 new companies to the
state last year, Dietrich told legislators.

The new companies, which set up in all regions of the state, represented a
diverse range of industries - from Hoku Material in Pocatello to High Desert
Milk in Burley. The department's efforts brought $588 million in new investment
into the state, Dietrich said.

"For two decades Idaho has benefited from a growth economy, but Idaho must look
carefully at what states are doing and compete aggressively," Dietrich said.

He cited an annual report in Forbes magazine, which consistently ranks Idaho as
the 6th best place in the country to do business.

While Idaho has held steady, Washington has moved from 12th to 5th.

Transportation was a component of the ranking, though Forbes measures the
success of each state on a broad range of incentives and activities, Dietrich
said.

Transportation is not a major issue for companies looking at Idaho, unless they
happen to be in a rural part of the state with a specific need - like a
distribution company. The labor market and telecommunications infrastructure
tend to rank much higher, he said.

The availability of electric power has also limited the department's ability to
recruit new businesses, but it has not been a major obstacle.

"Ninety percent of businesses we're dealing with don't have power issues,"
Dietrich said.

"We are seeing some larger companies that do have extremely large power needs.
We did have a particular company that was looking for something that exceeded
200 megawatts. I believe it's public record that Micron uses about 80 megawatts.
This was something the power company could not plan for. "

Most of the department's business development programs have been cut or
significantly reduced.

The Economic Development Sales Force, marketing program, Entrepreneurial Fund,
Small Business Assistance Grants, Merit Increases, Information and Communication
Technology Upgrade, and Idaho TechConnect were all removed from Gov. Otter's
budget, while the budgets for the Business and Jobs Development Fund and the
Rural Initiative Program were cut in half.

Rick Ritter, president of Idaho TechConnect, said he had been working with the
Department of Commerce to keep funding TechConnect and the Small Business
Assistance Grants.

Ritter said Otter's commerce budget is part of his "zero-based" budget
philosophy.

"We don't have a problem with justifying our existence every year," Ritter said.
"A lot of it was taken out of the budget with the expectation that if someone
asked it would be put back in. "

Ritter said he provided reports of TechConnect's activities for the previous
year, and that he would be working with individual legislators for another
one-time appropriation.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 22, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

HUD Chooses Baltimore For $ 100 Million in Aid;
 D.C. Loses Bid to Be an 'Empowerment Zone'

Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 922 words


President Clinton yesterday designated the nation's first "empowerment zones,"
making six urban and three rural communities eligible for millions of dollars in
federal grants and tax breaks to stimulate economic activity in depressed areas.

Baltimore won designation as one of the zones, and will receive $ 100 million in
federal grants over 10 years, while Washington won a lower tier grant of $ 3
million. Assistant Housing Secretary Andrew Cuomo said Washington had "a good
application," but "there were no special points for the nation's capital."

Besides Baltimore, the urban winners included Atlanta, Chicago, Detroit, New
York and Philadelphia-Camden, N.J. The rural winners, eligible for $ 40 million
and tax breaks, were the Kentucky Highlands, Mid-Delta, Miss., and the Rio
Grande Valley in south Texas.

Clinton's announcement was a benchmark in the prolonged ideological debate over
how best to revitalize the nation's cities, pitting the Republican approach
emphasizing tax breaks for inner-city businesses against Democrats' belief that
any benefits for businesses should be tied to an overall program of community
development.

The new program marked a victory for the Democrat view and an accompanying
change in terminology whereby what Republicans called "enterprise" zones become
Democratic "empowerment zones" and "enterprise communities." Under the Clinton
plan, first developed during the 1993 budget debate, cities and rural areas will
receive block grants to implement 10-year development plans. Urban zones may
serve up to 200,000 people and rural zones were limited to 30,000.

In addition, zone businesses are eligible for tax credits for expanding their
activities and hiring residents of the area. Congress in 1993 earmarked $ 2.5
billion for this purpose.

Although the plan was developed by a Democratic administration, it tracks
closely with the views of Republicans in the incoming Congress holding that
local communities should have more freedom in the way they spend federal
dollars. Clinton couched his announcement in the context of last week's "middle
class bill of rights," and his belief that "we have got to rely on the energy
and capacity of people to work at the community level."

"What we have to do now is to bring ... benefits to ordinary Americans," Clinton
said. "The middle class bill of rights will do it by having more tax fairness,
focusing on education, focusing on growth ... and this empowerment zone program
will do it by saying to the American people, 'the government's going to be a
help to you, not a burden.' "

Still, former HUD secretary Jack Kemp, the GOP's leading champion of enterprise
zones, pronounced the effort "a zero-sum approach" with "not enough zones" and
with "no incentives for new businesses."

Kemp noted that tax incentives apply principally to businesses already located
within the boundaries of the zone, an approach he said would discourage new
firms from moving into the area. He also noted that zone business operators
would have an incentive to lay off non-zone residents in order to hire local
people and receive the hiring tax credit.

"They've taken what was essentially a wonderful idea to jump-start inner-city
economies and turned it into a rather timid, pale version," Kemp said. "It's the
very same trickle-down idea of which they are so critical -- it does nothing but
target more federal spending."

Yesterday's announcement came after a year-long competition in which about 500
cities and rural areas across the country submitted comprehensive revitalization
plans to a Community Enterprise Board chaired by Vice President Gore.

Baltimore and the other five urban winners were eligible for $ 100 million in
social service grants spread over 10 years, as well as tax breaks for zone
businesses. Los Angeles and Cleveland, designated as Supplemental Empowerment
Zones, will receive $ 125 million and $ 90 million respectively from the
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

In addition, 99 other urban and rural areas, including Washington, were named as
"enterprise communities," eligible for reduced federal benefits.

"They didn't make it into the top six, but the competition was ferocious," Cuomo
said of Washington's application. The criteria were the comprehensiveness of the
plans, community involvement and need, he said. "Need, if anything, skewed it
toward the larger cities."

The best plans also brought local officials together with the private sector and
community leaders, Cuomo said, and geographical diversity was also a factor:

"You have first the six [urban] empowerment zones," he said. "Then, given the
level of quality, and the need for geographical diversity, we came up with
supplemental zones, which are Cleveland and Los Angeles."

"If one were to say that the empowerment zones were judged to be of a somewhat
higher quality than the other zones, that would be a fair account," he added.

With legislation passed and money appropriated, the empowerment zone initiative
is essentially a closed book, with no plans advanced by either the
administration or Congress to expand the program in future years.

Dick Cowden, executive director of the American Association of Enterprise Zones,
said the competition "got people excited," but "there are a lot who will be
disappointed" because their communities didn't make the cut.

"We're at a real crossroads," Cowden said. The administration, he said, "needs
to send signals to these cities that they're going to continue these
strategies."


LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, MARYLAND NEWS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 17, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Md. Officials Fear Loss Of Federal Block Grants

BYLINE: Mary Otto, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Prince George's Extra; T03

LENGTH: 775 words


In the past 30 years, millions of federal dollars have flowed into Maryland
communities by way of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's
community development block-grant program.

Under a broad mandate to rejuvenate aging communities and help alleviate
poverty, the flexible grant, known as the CDBG, has been used for an  array of
projects, including repairing sidewalks, funding child-care programs and helping
the homeless.

Montgomery County officials have used the block grants to enhance urban
streetscapes in Silver Spring and Wheaton; in Anne Arundel County, officials
have built apartments for low-income elderly residents; in Howard County, the
grants have helped finance small-business loans and career training programs;
and in Prince George's County, the money has been used to revitalize the Route 1
corridor. Maryland received $62.8 million in CDBG money in fiscal 2005.

More than $53 million of that amount was awarded to individual towns, cities and
counties, with the remainder going to the state's $50 million neighborhood
revitalization budget for disbursement to smaller jurisdictions.

Now, however, state and county officials and housing advocates are struggling
with the news that the $4.1 billion program would be eliminated from the federal
housing budget for the coming year under President Bush's proposal.

"It's a nightmare -- let's all hope we wake up," said Luann W. Korona,
Montgomery's chief of federal programs. Many other local officials echoed that
sentiment.

Under the president's plan, the CDBG would be combined with 17 programs and
moved to the Commerce Department as part of a new $3.7 billion "Strengthening
America's Communities Initiative." Federal officials say the new program would
eliminate redundancy among programs.

"The grants will be much more targeted in the future . . . to make sure the
communities most in need get more money," said David A. Sampson, assistant
commerce secretary for economic development.

But, in Maryland, some leaders said they fear that such a change could  spell
the end of the CDBG.

"We all worry about it getting lost in Commerce," said Montgomery County
Executive Douglas M. Duncan (D). "HUD is focused on removing blight and bringing
communities back to life. Commerce doesn't have that same focus."

Montgomery has come to count on its roughly $6 million a year in CDBG funding
for a variety of anti-poverty and urban renewal programs, such as bringing
computers to public housing complexes, English language classes to ethnic
communities and medical services to poor neighborhoods, Duncan said.

"Thirty years of helping people succeed should not be dismantled overnight,"
Duncan said.

Neil Gaffney, Howard County's deputy director of housing and community
development, is also worried. The county, which obtained $1.3 million in block
grant money in the current fiscal year, depends on the funds for its efforts to
"close the gap between the wealthy and those in need," such as helping elderly
people stay in their homes and younger people establish careers that pay a
living wage, Gaffney said. He said he fears that under the proposal to target
the poorest communities, Howard would lose its funding.

"We are [known as] the second wealthiest county in the country," Gaffney said.
"What happens to our poor?"

The annual block grants  have often been used as seed money to help put together
larger projects that incorporated private and state funding.

"We got a little under $3 million, but we used it to leverage $6 million to $8
million," said Kathleen Koch, who runs the CDBG program in Anne Arundel. In Glen
Burnie, block grant funding helped pay for a new 100-unit apartment complex for
elderly residents.

"The beauty of the block grant program was that you are able to craft the
program to meet locally identified needs," Koch said.

Smaller and more rural communities have also benefited from the grants.

"I'd be in trouble without them," said Tonja Fraser-Jenkins, a housing official
in St. Mary's County, where CDBG money helped fund housing rehabilitation and
home ownership programs.

Elsewhere in Southern Maryland, Charles County received a $126,000 block grant
recently to assist in the renovation of a drug and alcohol treatment center in
Bel Alton. And Calvert County has been given money for road repairs in North
Beach in recent years.

Around the state, officials are turning to Maryland's congressional delegation,
demanding a fight to save the CDBG, said housing advocate Becky Sherblom,
executive director of the Maryland Center for Community Development.

"Now Congress is where the game is at," she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            November 2, 2009, Monday

Is fight against hunger a matter of security?

BYLINE: Howard LaFranchi Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 613 words

DATELINE: Washington


Which is more likely to grab and hold attention: third-world hunger or global
food security?

Kanayo Nwanze bets the answer is the latter. The Nigerian who recently became
president of the United Nations' International Fund for Agricultural Development
(IFAD) says globalization has made the hunger and rural poverty that always
pulled on the heartstrings an international security issue. [Editor's note:

The original version gave the wrong nationality for Dr. Nwanze.]

"People now have a clear sense of the linkages between food security and
national security," says Dr. Nwanze. That understanding is helping bring
questions of hunger and rural development to a broader audience, he says, "as
well as to some very high places."

Hunger now can mean increased cross-border and international migration. And the
riots that accompanied recent food shortages and price hikes in several parts of
the world show how hunger can destabilize governments in regions of critical
importance to the international battle against extremism.

That's why issues of rural hunger and food security are increasingly cropping up
in venues ranging from the US Congress to the G-8 group of industrialized
countries, Nwanze says. It is the emergence of food as an international security
issue, Nwanze adds, that raises the odds that the international community will
help developing countries come up with sustainable answers to food production
challenges.

"Sustainability is determined inside a country, the answers to food production
and development have to come from within," says the agronomist who studied in
Kansas State University and who is recognized for developing a high-yield,
drought-resistant rice for Africa. "But we also need the participation of the
broader international community to answer these challenges that today have an
impact on everyone."

In Washington recently in advance of this month's World Summit on Food Security
in Rome, Nwanze noted that the security dimension of hunger and food production
is translating into greater interest in places like the US capital. IFAD, which
Nwanze describes as a cooperative among 160 countries that provides grants for
rural development projects, benefited from a US-led initiative this year to
increase the organization's funding by two-thirds to about $100 million.

At the same time, the US Congress is considering the Global Food Security Act, a
five-year authorization that seeks to improve US response to food crises,
provide new funding for university research in agriculture and for rural
development projects.

In introducing the legislation earlier this year, Sen. Bob Casey (D) of
Pennsylvania pointed to Pakistan, where he said nearly half the population is
considered "food insecure" and likely to become more so as the military pursues
offensives against the Taliban.

"Hunger and competition for food can lead to further instability and potentially
undermine government leadership at a very critical time," he said.

Short-term food shortages must be addressed, IFAD's Nwanze says, but his focus
appears to be on longer-term finding production and development solutions.

"We need to think beyond production to the means of getting what is produced to
the market, and to creating livelihoods," Nwanze says. Thirty years ago, Angola
was touted as a food production miracle, only to plunge back to Earth when the
increased production failed to spark rural development and farm-to-market
infrastructure. The same thing could happen to today's bright spots, he says.

"Today we speak of Malawi and Ghana [other African stand-outs] but where will
these same countries be 30 years from now?" Nwanze asks.

(c) Copyright 2009. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

USDA Announces $14 Million in Grants Supporting Economic Growth for Rural
Communities

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced nearly $14 million in grants to support four
programs to increase prosperity in rural America through research, education,
and extension programs focused on promoting rural community development,
economic growth, and sustainability.

"Nearly 60 million Americans live in rural areas, and their value and impact
through the agriculture industry can be felt both domestically and
internationally," said Sonny Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "To help these
communities remain prosperous and viable, we need to support discovery of new
ways that promote economic viability among producers, small businesses, and
communities in rural America."

Farmers, ranchers, and rural communities are the backbone and economic lifeblood
for Americans everywhere, providing food, feed, fiber, fuels, and open spaces.
However, rural areas and communities face many hardships. High poverty rates,
slow recovery from economic recession, and low average income per household are
all challenges to having a successful and viable community. Funding from NIFA is
expected to assist communities and regions in creating self-sustaining,
long-term economic development through research and strategic planning.

A fact sheet with a complete list of awardees and project descriptions is
available on the USDA website for the following projects selected for awards in
each AFRI program:

Rural Communities and Regional Development:

Tuskegee University, Tuskegee, Ala., $499,998
    University of Georgia, Athens, Ga., $474,998
    University of Idaho, Moscow, Idaho, $499,287
    Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, La., $499,789
    University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minn., $498,943
    Montana State University, Bozeman, Mont., $474,190
    Cornell University, Ithaca, N.Y., $499,374
    University of Vermont, Burlington, Vt., $499,994

Agricultural Economics and Rural Communities - Environment:

University of Connecticut, Storrs, Conn., $500,000
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $500,000
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $499,976
    University of Nevada, Reno, Nev., $498,393
    University of Rhode Island, Kingston, R.I., $463,096
    University of Rhode Island, Kingston, R.I., $47,882
    Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Va., $313,557

Agricultural Economics and Rural Communities - Economics, Markets and Trade:

University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Ark., $399,867
    University of Illinois, Urbana, Ill., $49,600
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $499,709
    Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa., $245,131
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $500,000
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio., $494,547
    Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, Okla., $485,414
    University of Wisconsin-Madison, Madison, Wis., $379,234
    University of Wyoming, Laramie, Wyo., $149,858

NIFA also provided funds through the Small and Medium-sized Farm program, which
provides farmers and ranchers assistance in their decision making with respect
to management strategies, new technologies, sustainability, competitiveness, and
viability. Funded projects focus on developing new disciplinary or
multidisciplinary models to assist agricultural landowner's decision-making in
scale management strategies and technologies to enhance economic efficiency and
sustainability. This includes the viability and competitiveness of small and
medium-sized dairy, poultry, livestock, crop, forestry, and other commodity
operations.

Fiscal year 2014 Small and Medium-Sized Farms include:

University of Arkansas, Fayetteville, Ark., $499,978
    Purdue University, West Lafayette, Ind., $471,462
    Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kan., $499,995
    University of Massachusetts, Amherst, Mass., $499,380
    Alcorn State University, Lorman, Miss., $499,794
    Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio, $384,913
    Oregon State University, Corvallis, Ore., $499,996
    University of Vermont, Burlington, Vt., $499,978

NIFA made the awards through the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative's
(AFRI) Foundational Program, which supports projects that sustain and enhance
agricultural and related activities in rural areas and to protect the
environment, enhance quality of life, and alleviate poverty. Topical issues
include, but are not limited to, the interactions between agriculture,
environment, and communities in rural areas; demographic changes and impacts;
consumer preferences or behavior; decision-making under uncertainty; market
structure and performance; policy design and impact; or agriculture's impact on
the environment.

The purpose of AFRI is to support research, education, and extension work by
awarding grants that address key problems of national, regional, and multi-state
importance in sustaining all components of food and agriculture. AFRI is NIFA's
flagship competitive grant program authorized under the 2014 Farm Bill and
supports work in six priority areas: 1) plant health and production and plant
products; 2) animal health and production and animal products; 3) food safety,
nutrition and health; 4) bioenergy, natural resources and environment; 5)
agriculture systems and technology; and 6) agriculture economics and rural
communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
