
                              501 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Nawaz urges youth to play role in national development

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 155

LENGTH: 299  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has urged the youth to play its role towards
socio-economic development of Pakistan.

The Prime Minister was addressing a ceremony of second balloting of PM's youth
business loans scheme in Islamabad Wednesday. The Prime Minister expressed the
confidence that the youth securing loans for businesses would prove to be a
harbinger of economic revolution in the country. Loan programme would help
alleviate poverty in the country, Nawaz added.

He said that government has presented a people friendly budget and is committed
to providing relief to Masses. He said, in the first phase, 38,000 applications
for loans received capital under government's initiative for youth empowerment.

He said under fee reimbursement scheme fees of students from underprivileged
areas would benefit deserving students and improve education in country. He said
his government will also distribute one hundred thousand laptops among the
students.

Talking about development projects undertaken by his government prime minister
said Nandipur power project has been completed in record eight months time. He
said 21,000 Mega Watts of electricity would be added in national grid in next 8
to 10 years.

Prime minister on this occasion lauded efforts of Finance Minister Ishaq Dar and
Maryam Nawaz for making youth loan scheme a success. Finance Minister Ishaq Dar
while addressing the function said government is focusing on development of
marginalized segments of society.

Around 5,200 loan applications were selected successful in second draw. Nawaz
Sharif distributed cheques among the successful applicants of the youth loan.

The initiative was designed to provide subsidized financing at 8% mark-up per
annum for 100, 000 beneficiaries through the National Bank of Pakistan and First
Women Bank.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Nawaz urges youth to play role in national development

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 154

LENGTH: 299  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has urged the youth to play its role towards
socio-economic development of Pakistan.

The Prime Minister was addressing a ceremony of second balloting of PM's youth
business loans scheme in Islamabad Wednesday. The Prime Minister expressed the
confidence that the youth securing loans for businesses would prove to be a
harbinger of economic revolution in the country. Loan programme would help
alleviate poverty in the country, Nawaz added.

He said that government has presented a people friendly budget and is committed
to providing relief to Masses. He said, in the first phase, 38,000 applications
for loans received capital under government's initiative for youth empowerment.

He said under fee reimbursement scheme fees of students from underprivileged
areas would benefit deserving students and improve education in country. He said
his government will also distribute one hundred thousand laptops among the
students.

Talking about development projects undertaken by his government prime minister
said Nandipur power project has been completed in record eight months time. He
said 21,000 Mega Watts of electricity would be added in national grid in next 8
to 10 years.

Prime minister on this occasion lauded efforts of Finance Minister Ishaq Dar and
Maryam Nawaz for making youth loan scheme a success. Finance Minister Ishaq Dar
while addressing the function said government is focusing on development of
marginalized segments of society.

Around 5,200 loan applications were selected successful in second draw. Nawaz
Sharif distributed cheques among the successful applicants of the youth loan.

The initiative was designed to provide subsidized financing at 8% mark-up per
annum for 100, 000 beneficiaries through the National Bank of Pakistan and First
Women Bank.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Nawaz urges youth to play role in national development

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 154

LENGTH: 299  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has urged the youth to play its role towards
socio-economic development of Pakistan.

The Prime Minister was addressing a ceremony of second balloting of PM's youth
business loans scheme in Islamabad Wednesday. The Prime Minister expressed the
confidence that the youth securing loans for businesses would prove to be a
harbinger of economic revolution in the country. Loan programme would help
alleviate poverty in the country, Nawaz added.

He said that government has presented a people friendly budget and is committed
to providing relief to Masses. He said, in the first phase, 38,000 applications
for loans received capital under government's initiative for youth empowerment.

He said under fee reimbursement scheme fees of students from underprivileged
areas would benefit deserving students and improve education in country. He said
his government will also distribute one hundred thousand laptops among the
students.

Talking about development projects undertaken by his government prime minister
said Nandipur power project has been completed in record eight months time. He
said 21,000 Mega Watts of electricity would be added in national grid in next 8
to 10 years.

Prime minister on this occasion lauded efforts of Finance Minister Ishaq Dar and
Maryam Nawaz for making youth loan scheme a success. Finance Minister Ishaq Dar
while addressing the function said government is focusing on development of
marginalized segments of society.

Around 5,200 loan applications were selected successful in second draw. Nawaz
Sharif distributed cheques among the successful applicants of the youth loan.

The initiative was designed to provide subsidized financing at 8% mark-up per
annum for 100, 000 beneficiaries through the National Bank of Pakistan and First
Women Bank.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

Pakistan: Maryam Nawaz urges women to benefit from PM Youth Business Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Jan. 17 -- Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth

Business Loan Scheme, Maryam Nawaz on Thursday urged the country's

women to fully benefit from the loan scheme, as under this scheme

50 percent funds have been allocated for them.

Maryam Nawaz was presiding over a review and coordination

meeting of the PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme here.

The Chairperson PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme said it was a

non-political and merit-based programme.

She said the guarantor's requirement under the youth business

loan scheme has been relaxed and in this respect, a circular has

also been sent to all the branches of the National Bank

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Minister Kiyingi promises softer approach in recovering YLP funds

BYLINE: JULIUS OCUNGI

LENGTH: 365  words


State minister for Youth and Children Affairs Florence Nakiwala Kiyingi has said
she will take a 'friendly' approach in ensuring the recovery of the Youth
Livelihood Project [YLP] funds from defaulters

Gulu. State minister for Youth and Children Affairs Florence Nakiwala Kiyingi
has said she will take a 'friendly' approach in ensuring the recovery of the
Youth Livelihood Project [YLP] funds from defaulters. According to Ms Kiyingi,
much as those who have defaulted on the loan have impeded on the government
project, there isn't need to harass or arrest them. "As minister, I want to
ensure that the tracking of youth who have defaulted on the loans is done in a
friendly manner. With this approach, they will also be put to task to pay and
encourage others to acquire the loans," Ms Kiyingi said. Ms Kiyingi made the
remarks on Tuesday during a YLP sensitisation meeting for districts and
municipality stakeholders within Acholi and West Nile sub-regions at Palema
Crown Hotel in Gulu Municipality. The minister said the YLP has so far benefited
more than 100,000 in the past two years, adding that they are keenly monitoring
the programme without sabotaging its impact. "It is pretty much known that the
YLP money is to be paid back, but there were so many issues that were circulated
during campaigns that the money was free. We are, however, now taking approaches
to inform and educate the youth that the money is to be paid back because it is
a loan," she said. The Gulu RDC, Capt Santos Okot Lapolo, during the meeting,
however, raised concerns on the limited operation funds his office receives to
monitor the youth groups, arguing that it is the reason they have failed to
recover money from many youth groups in the district. In 2013, government
earmarked Shs265 billion for the YLP to empower the poor and unemployed youth
countrywide. The money In Gulu District, 51 youth groups received Shs389m under
the programme in the 2014/15 Financial year, but only Shs190m has been
recovered. In Pader District, only Shs2.3m has so far been repaid out of the
Shs263m disbursed to 47 youth groups. In Agago District, out of Shs404m
disbursed to 35 youth groups, only Shs16m has been repaid.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             August 17, 2015 Monday

Youth groups abandon Uwezo for other loan facilities

BYLINE: NICHOLAS KOMU

LENGTH: 491  words


Some of the youths say the process in the other saccos was shorter and easier.

Youth groups in Nyeri County are abandoning the Uwezo Fund and seeking funding
from other local financial institutions, a survey has revealed.
The flagship Vision 2030 programme aims to empower youth, women groups and
persons living with disabilities but seems to be losing popularity among the
youth in Nyeri.


Some of the youths told Nation.co.ke that they were turning to saccos and
corporates for financial support saying that the process was shorter and easier.

They added that the saccos are able to offer SME credit unlike Uwezo Fund which
sets the minimum loan given to Sh50,000.
Despite Uwezo funding being interest-free, these groups are opting to pay the 1
per cent interest charge that comes with the loans arguing that these financial
institutions also offer continuous guidance and oversight on their ideas and
projects.
NEED GUIDANCE
"Despite Uwezo giving bigger loans, there really isn't much guidance or
follow-up after that.
"It really isn't just monetary support we seek but also guidance," said Faith
Munyiri an official of Dynamic Young Enterprise, a youth group based in Nyeri
Town.
Peter Muraguri, a 25 year old student at Karatina University and a chicken
farmer, also said that he tried acquiring funds through the Uwezo programme, a
move which never materialised forcing him to turn to a local sacco.
"I waited for months but eventually I just had to turn to a sacco. It was much
easier that way," said Muraguri.
James Macharia, a research and development officer at Taifa Sacco in Nyeri, said
in an interview that the sacco had been receiving numerous credit applications
from youth groups who were seeking small loans or had given up on the
application hustles associated with the Uwezo Fund.
"We receive lots of applications. Some of these young people apply for as little
as Sh5,000," said Mr Macharia.
ENTREPRENEURIAL IDEAS
Youths around the county have for a long time sat on entrepreneurial ideas
unable to incubate them into actual businesses due to lack of adequate funding
hence turning to vices like alcoholism.
"This county possesses youths with brilliant ideas in fields of entrepreneurship
and ICT and that is why local corporates are coming in to support these ideas,"
said Mr Macharia.
Local financial institutions, in a bid to support entrepreneurship, have been
holding forums to draw young innovators and thereafter offering them with
financial support.
Speaking on the matter, Ms Agnes Mugai, the chairman of the Uwezo Fund
committee, told Nation.co.ke that the reason the youth groups are opting to seek
loans from other institutions could be their failure to meet the minimum
requirements for Uwezo.  "These groups are running to other institutions because
they have failed to meet the (Uwezo) requirements.
"The funds are available and we are willing to train the groups on the process
(of getting them)," Ms Mugai said.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2015 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Iftikhar for private sector participation in PM's scheme

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 046

LENGTH: 379  words


Vice President, SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Iftikhar Ali Malik has
called for due participation of private sector for making the Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme very successful and role model for the future. "We
are the businessmen. We can better guide for the best possible use of this
business loan amount," Malik said while talking to media here.

Malik also offered that the applicants who are granted this loan will be
provided short trainings and orientation at the private sector's facilities/
industries to make these loans very productive and help the educated youth to
emerge as successful businessmen of the country. "It would be more proper and
productive to first give orientation and basic training to these youngsters
before providing them with money from the national exchequer," Malik maintained.

For better and safe utilisation of the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, Malik suggested that boards should be formed:  starting from the main
cities down to the town level in the country.

These boards should have at least one representative of FPCCI or any chamber
associated with FPCCI on the recommendation by FPCCI. Malik, who is also the
former president Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry
(FPCCI) and leading exporter, urged the Government to divert most of this
business loan fund to rural areas of the country to discourage migration of the
rural population to the urban areas in search of business or employment.

The youth should be guided and facilitated to start their businesses near their
door step. The focus should be on the projects of agriculture, value-addition of
agriculture products, livestock, fish and cattle farming, and other rural based
projects. He called upon the Government to hold seminars, presentations and
workshops in collaboration with the chambers and trade bodies throughout the
country for the youth interested to start their business through the PM's Youth
Business Loan Scheme.

He offered that FPCCI Head Office and its zonal offices besides the chambers'
premises will be available for these seminars etc. He said the private sector
will also contribute to this national cause by giving apprenticeship to these
would-be businessmen youth at their factories and businesses.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Iftikhar for private sector participation in PM's scheme

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 046

LENGTH: 379  words


Vice President, SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Iftikhar Ali Malik has
called for due participation of private sector for making the Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme very successful and role model for the future. "We
are the businessmen. We can better guide for the best possible use of this
business loan amount," Malik said while talking to media here.

Malik also offered that the applicants who are granted this loan will be
provided short trainings and orientation at the private sector's facilities/
industries to make these loans very productive and help the educated youth to
emerge as successful businessmen of the country. "It would be more proper and
productive to first give orientation and basic training to these youngsters
before providing them with money from the national exchequer," Malik maintained.

For better and safe utilisation of the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, Malik suggested that boards should be formed:  starting from the main
cities down to the town level in the country.

These boards should have at least one representative of FPCCI or any chamber
associated with FPCCI on the recommendation by FPCCI. Malik, who is also the
former president Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry
(FPCCI) and leading exporter, urged the Government to divert most of this
business loan fund to rural areas of the country to discourage migration of the
rural population to the urban areas in search of business or employment.

The youth should be guided and facilitated to start their businesses near their
door step. The focus should be on the projects of agriculture, value-addition of
agriculture products, livestock, fish and cattle farming, and other rural based
projects. He called upon the Government to hold seminars, presentations and
workshops in collaboration with the chambers and trade bodies throughout the
country for the youth interested to start their business through the PM's Youth
Business Loan Scheme.

He offered that FPCCI Head Office and its zonal offices besides the chambers'
premises will be available for these seminars etc. He said the private sector
will also contribute to this national cause by giving apprenticeship to these
would-be businessmen youth at their factories and businesses.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Iftikhar for private sector participation in PM's scheme

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 046

LENGTH: 379  words


Vice President, SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Iftikhar Ali Malik has
called for due participation of private sector for making the Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme very successful and role model for the future. "We
are the businessmen. We can better guide for the best possible use of this
business loan amount," Malik said while talking to media here.

Malik also offered that the applicants who are granted this loan will be
provided short trainings and orientation at the private sector's facilities/
industries to make these loans very productive and help the educated youth to
emerge as successful businessmen of the country. "It would be more proper and
productive to first give orientation and basic training to these youngsters
before providing them with money from the national exchequer," Malik maintained.

For better and safe utilisation of the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, Malik suggested that boards should be formed:  starting from the main
cities down to the town level in the country.

These boards should have at least one representative of FPCCI or any chamber
associated with FPCCI on the recommendation by FPCCI. Malik, who is also the
former president Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry
(FPCCI) and leading exporter, urged the Government to divert most of this
business loan fund to rural areas of the country to discourage migration of the
rural population to the urban areas in search of business or employment.

The youth should be guided and facilitated to start their businesses near their
door step. The focus should be on the projects of agriculture, value-addition of
agriculture products, livestock, fish and cattle farming, and other rural based
projects. He called upon the Government to hold seminars, presentations and
workshops in collaboration with the chambers and trade bodies throughout the
country for the youth interested to start their business through the PM's Youth
Business Loan Scheme.

He offered that FPCCI Head Office and its zonal offices besides the chambers'
premises will be available for these seminars etc. He said the private sector
will also contribute to this national cause by giving apprenticeship to these
would-be businessmen youth at their factories and businesses.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Iftikhar for private sector participation in PM's scheme

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 046

LENGTH: 379  words


Vice President, SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Iftikhar Ali Malik has
called for due participation of private sector for making the Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme very successful and role model for the future. "We
are the businessmen. We can better guide for the best possible use of this
business loan amount," Malik said while talking to media here.

Malik also offered that the applicants who are granted this loan will be
provided short trainings and orientation at the private sector's facilities/
industries to make these loans very productive and help the educated youth to
emerge as successful businessmen of the country. "It would be more proper and
productive to first give orientation and basic training to these youngsters
before providing them with money from the national exchequer," Malik maintained.

For better and safe utilisation of the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, Malik suggested that boards should be formed:  starting from the main
cities down to the town level in the country.

These boards should have at least one representative of FPCCI or any chamber
associated with FPCCI on the recommendation by FPCCI. Malik, who is also the
former president Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry
(FPCCI) and leading exporter, urged the Government to divert most of this
business loan fund to rural areas of the country to discourage migration of the
rural population to the urban areas in search of business or employment.

The youth should be guided and facilitated to start their businesses near their
door step. The focus should be on the projects of agriculture, value-addition of
agriculture products, livestock, fish and cattle farming, and other rural based
projects. He called upon the Government to hold seminars, presentations and
workshops in collaboration with the chambers and trade bodies throughout the
country for the youth interested to start their business through the PM's Youth
Business Loan Scheme.

He offered that FPCCI Head Office and its zonal offices besides the chambers'
premises will be available for these seminars etc. He said the private sector
will also contribute to this national cause by giving apprenticeship to these
would-be businessmen youth at their factories and businesses.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

Iftikhar for private sector participation in PM's scheme

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 046

LENGTH: 379  words


Vice President, SAARC Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Iftikhar Ali Malik has
called for due participation of private sector for making the Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme very successful and role model for the future. "We
are the businessmen. We can better guide for the best possible use of this
business loan amount," Malik said while talking to media here.

Malik also offered that the applicants who are granted this loan will be
provided short trainings and orientation at the private sector's facilities/
industries to make these loans very productive and help the educated youth to
emerge as successful businessmen of the country. "It would be more proper and
productive to first give orientation and basic training to these youngsters
before providing them with money from the national exchequer," Malik maintained.

For better and safe utilisation of the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, Malik suggested that boards should be formed:  starting from the main
cities down to the town level in the country.

These boards should have at least one representative of FPCCI or any chamber
associated with FPCCI on the recommendation by FPCCI. Malik, who is also the
former president Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry
(FPCCI) and leading exporter, urged the Government to divert most of this
business loan fund to rural areas of the country to discourage migration of the
rural population to the urban areas in search of business or employment.

The youth should be guided and facilitated to start their businesses near their
door step. The focus should be on the projects of agriculture, value-addition of
agriculture products, livestock, fish and cattle farming, and other rural based
projects. He called upon the Government to hold seminars, presentations and
workshops in collaboration with the chambers and trade bodies throughout the
country for the youth interested to start their business through the PM's Youth
Business Loan Scheme.

He offered that FPCCI Head Office and its zonal offices besides the chambers'
premises will be available for these seminars etc. He said the private sector
will also contribute to this national cause by giving apprenticeship to these
would-be businessmen youth at their factories and businesses.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Encouraging entrepreneurship

BYLINE: Malik Muhammad Ashraf

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 15

LENGTH: 1098  words


An incisive appraisal of developed countries reveals that their phenomenal
economic growth was propelled by entrepreneurship. Countries like the US, Japan,
Denmark, Germany, Taiwan show how entrepreneurship can play such a big role in
the economic development of a country, and are role models for other nations
aspiring to achieve self-sustained growth in this ever increasing competitive
global market.

Entrepreneurship serves as a channel for the spill-over of knowledge acquired in
one organisation through innovative activity in a new start-up. Start-ups ensure
that the costly inventions and creative ideas created in one industry or
business concern are shared, commercialised and converted into innovative
pursuits that not only revolutionise those industries but also spur economic
growth, job creation and development of a competitive culture within the
country.

To promote entrepreneurship it is important that people with innovative ideas
and skills have access to vital entrepreneurial resources like money, talent and
know-how to initiate new business, especially small and medium size enterprises
which are less volatile and more stable than big and mega industrial ventures
due to their ability to provide the bulk of the jobs in a country. One of the
major objectives of the government and its economic managers is to ensure full
employment or trying to ensure the creations of maximum job opportunities for
the ever-growing labour force. But the fact is that governments can only provide
an enabling environment to spur economic activity which then leads to more jobs
in the private sector.

Our government employs seven to eight percent of the labour force. So like all
other nations the only option available to it is to nudge economic activity in
the private sector through  in the establishment of small- and medium-size
business and industry by making available necessary resources and technical
know-how to the youth entering the labour market. In the past several
initiatives were taken in the public sector to nudge small- and medium-size
businesses in the form of loans to the youth but unfortunately they all failed
due to the rampant corruption in public organisations. The parties in power
favoured their own political workers and in most cases loans were advanced on
fake documents without proper collateral and on the basis of political
influence.

As a result billions of rupees were lost and despite the best efforts of the
State Bank the money could not be recovered. The other reason for the failure of
the efforts was that the other basic ingredients of entrepreneurship - technical
know-how and talent to start a business - were totally neglected while giving
out loans. There was no support available in the public sector for carrying out
research and preparing feasibility reports. The result was that institutions
like Youth Investment Programmes (YIPS) and Small Business Finance Corporation,
the two main financial institutions in the public sector for promoting small and
medium industries and businesses, had to be shut down.

But it is encouraging to note that recognising the importance of small- and
medium-size industries and business, creation of self-employment opportunities
for the youth and learning from the past bitter experience the PML-N government
took a step in the right direction by launching the Prime Ministers Youth
Programme in September 2013; a package comprising the Youth Business Loan
Scheme, Youth Skill Development Programme, Youth Training Programme, programme
for provision of laptops, interest-free loan scheme and Fee Reimbursement Scheme
for Less Developed Areas.

These initiatives were designed to create a culture of entrepreneurship by
making available all the required ingredients to the youth for starting their
own business and enhancing their technical know-how and skills for gainful
employment in different sectors of the economy. The defined objective of this
package was "Enabling the youth and poor segments of the population to get good
opportunities of employment, economic empowerment, acquiring skills needed for
gainful employment, spreading use of computers and imparting on-the-job training
for young graduates to improve probability of getting a productive job".

The flagship initiative of the package was the Youth Business Loan Scheme. The
National Bank of Pakistan and Women Development Bank were entrusted with the
responsibility to disburse these loans amounting to up to two million at a
nominal interest rate of eight percent, ensuring gender equality in advancing
these loans. The step to advance these loans through banks was taken in light of
the unenviable experience of the past, to ensure transparency and eliminate
prospects of political interference. Another very important aspect of the scheme
was that the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (Smeda) carried
out pre-feasibility studies as guidelines for prospective borrowers. These
studies provided a general understanding of the proposed business and were meant
to promote an entrepreneurial culture in the country.

A recent review of this scheme and other initiatives reveals that so far Rs11.03
billion has been sanctioned for 15,101 individuals. Though the progress is much
below the hundred thousand mark for a variety of reasons, the programme is
absolutely on track. In view of its importance, transparency and its unblemished
track record so far, other banks like Sindh Bank, HBL, MCB, Habib Metropolitan
Bank, Meezan Bank and UBL are also joining the scheme.

The National Bank is also contemplating to develop pre-feasibilities for almost
100 trades in addition to restructuring the scheme. From now on balloting will
be replaced by the existing loan processing procedures. These measures will
ensure quick disposal of the loan applications and identification of trades
where the applicants can invest profitably.

Under the supporting initiative of the Skill Development Programme, 22,000
students have been imparted training in different skills. In the second phase of
the programme students from seminaries will also be eligible to apply. Under the
Laptop Scheme the HEC has distributed 32,000 laptops among PhD, MPhil and MS
students.

Similarly 50,000 students from 78 universities have been paid back their fees by
HEC. However, from now on the HEC will make upfront payments to the eligible
students at the time of admission. Under the interest-free loan scheme Rs1.75
billion has been given to 17,588 applicants. These are encouraging results and
there is a need to pursue these initiatives more vigorously.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

Maryam Nawaz urges women to benefit from PM Youth Business Loan Scheme

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 16

LENGTH: 101  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme, Maryam Nawaz on
Thursday urged the country's women to fully benefit from the loan scheme, as
under this scheme 50 percent funds have been allocated for them.

Maryam Nawaz was presiding over a review and coordination meeting of the PM's
Youth Business Loan Scheme here.

The Chairperson PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme said it was a non-political and
merit-based programme.

She said the guarantor's requirement under the youth business loan scheme has
been relaxed and in this respect, a circular has also been sent to all the
branches of the National Bank.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

Maryam Nawaz urges women to benefit from PM Youth Business Loan Scheme

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 16

LENGTH: 101  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme, Maryam Nawaz on
Thursday urged the country's women to fully benefit from the loan scheme, as
under this scheme 50 percent funds have been allocated for them.

Maryam Nawaz was presiding over a review and coordination meeting of the PM's
Youth Business Loan Scheme here.

The Chairperson PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme said it was a non-political and
merit-based programme.

She said the guarantor's requirement under the youth business loan scheme has
been relaxed and in this respect, a circular has also been sent to all the
branches of the National Bank.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

Maryam Nawaz urges women to benefit from PM Youth Business Loan Scheme

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 16

LENGTH: 101  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme, Maryam Nawaz on
Thursday urged the country's women to fully benefit from the loan scheme, as
under this scheme 50 percent funds have been allocated for them.

Maryam Nawaz was presiding over a review and coordination meeting of the PM's
Youth Business Loan Scheme here.

The Chairperson PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme said it was a non-political and
merit-based programme.

She said the guarantor's requirement under the youth business loan scheme has
been relaxed and in this respect, a circular has also been sent to all the
branches of the National Bank.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Maryam Nawaz urges women to benefit from PM Youth Business Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 103  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme, Maryam Nawaz on Thursday urged the country's
women to fully benefit from the loan scheme, as under this scheme
50 percent funds have been allocated for them.
      Maryam Nawaz was presiding over a review and coordination
meeting of the PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme here.
      The Chairperson PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme said it was a
non-political and merit-based programme.
      She said the guarantor's requirement under the youth business
loan scheme has been relaxed and in this respect, a circular has
also been sent to all the branches of the National Bank.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday

Loan scheme fulfilment of PM's commitments: Maryam Nawaz

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 336

LENGTH: 176  words


Chairperson of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Maryam Nawaz said the
launching of loans is in fulfilment of Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif's
election commitments.

Addressing the launching ceremony, Maryam Nawaz said others only made pledges
but the PML (N) government despite financial crunch has successfully announced
six youth welfare programmes including Youth Business Loans.

Maryam Nawaz said there are only three conditions for the applicants - they
should be Pakistani, holder of valid Computerized National Identity Card and
should have a guarantor.

The Chairperson said that forms of the Youth Business Loans would be available
from Monday and these would be issued free of cost.

Special counters have been set up at banks and Small and Medium Enterprises
Development Authority (SMEDA) offices to facilitate applicants and guide them.

She also explained the procedure for processing of applications and other
details of the Youth Business Loans.

The Chairperson said necessary checks have been put in place to ensure
transparency of the Loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday

Loan scheme fulfilment of PM's commitments: Maryam Nawaz

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 336

LENGTH: 176  words


Chairperson of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Maryam Nawaz said the
launching of loans is in fulfilment of Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif's
election commitments.

Addressing the launching ceremony, Maryam Nawaz said others only made pledges
but the PML (N) government despite financial crunch has successfully announced
six youth welfare programmes including Youth Business Loans.

Maryam Nawaz said there are only three conditions for the applicants - they
should be Pakistani, holder of valid Computerized National Identity Card and
should have a guarantor.

The Chairperson said that forms of the Youth Business Loans would be available
from Monday and these would be issued free of cost.

Special counters have been set up at banks and Small and Medium Enterprises
Development Authority (SMEDA) offices to facilitate applicants and guide them.

She also explained the procedure for processing of applications and other
details of the Youth Business Loans.

The Chairperson said necessary checks have been put in place to ensure
transparency of the Loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Loan scheme fulfilment of PM's commitments: Maryam Nawaz

SECTION: Vol. V No. 335

LENGTH: 176  words


Chairperson of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Maryam Nawaz said the
launching of loans is in fulfilment of Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif's
election commitments.

Addressing the launching ceremony, Maryam Nawaz said others only made pledges
but the PML (N) government despite financial crunch has successfully announced
six youth welfare programmes including Youth Business Loans.

Maryam Nawaz said there are only three conditions for the applicants - they
should be Pakistani, holder of valid Computerized National Identity Card and
should have a guarantor.

The Chairperson said that forms of the Youth Business Loans would be available
from Monday and these would be issued free of cost.

Special counters have been set up at banks and Small and Medium Enterprises
Development Authority (SMEDA) offices to facilitate applicants and guide them.

She also explained the procedure for processing of applications and other
details of the Youth Business Loans.

The Chairperson said necessary checks have been put in place to ensure
transparency of the Loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday

PM assures transparency in Youth Loan Scheme

BYLINE:  Younis Chandio & Jani Khaskheli

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 363

LENGTH: 519  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on Friday assured that the disbursements
under Youth Business Loan Scheme would be made transparently and the violators
of merit would be dealt with strictly. "Neither me nor any authority in the
National Bank of Pakistan can favour anyone to get loan under this scheme. I
even do not have such powers," the Prime Minister said addressing the launching
ceremony of the scheme here.

Federal Minister for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Senator
Pervaiz Rashid and Sindh Chief Minister Qaim Ali Shah and other senior
government officials were also present on the occasion. Earlier on his arrival,
the Prime Minister was received by the Sindh Chief Minister.

Describing it as social cancer, the Prime Minister expressed the government's
resolve to curb favouritism, vowing to enforce the merit policy at all costs. He
said he had envisioned the loan scheme during his previous tenure but it could
not materialize as the government could not complete its term. He said the loan
scheme would help boost the country's GDP (gross domestic product) and support
the families of borrowers as well as of those allied with their businesses. He
recalled that the recovery rate of Yellow Cab Scheme was almost 99 per cent and
hoped that the youngsters would also pay back this loan honestly.

The Prime Minister said the conditions for guarantors in the Loan Scheme had
been eased keeping in view the difficulties faced by the youth. Now anyone,
including the blood relatives having net worth of 1.5 times of the loan amount
could give the guarantee. Moreover, any government officer of Grade-15 with
eight or more years of remaining service could be a guarantor, he added. He said
even more than one person with cumulative net worth of more than 1.5 times of
the loan amount could give collective guarantees for a single applicant. Even,
the applicant having required net worth could give his own guarantee. The
applicant could have his bank account in any bank, including National Bank of
Pakistan, the Prime Minister said.

He said," We have to trust the youth and give them financial independence to
play a positive role in the national economy". The Prime Minister said in the
past, loans were given only to influential ones and entities, while the small
borrowers were neglected. "We have decided to give loans to small borrowers in
order to give benefit to the skilled youth and lower strata of the society. This
is a programme launched for the youth, who are the builders of Pakistan," he
said. Later, the Prime Minister met the applicants and inquired about their
plans after getting the loan.

The applicants enthusiastically interacted with the Prime Minister and said the
loan scheme would help them utilize their skills not only for own benefit, but
also for families and the society. Speaking about infrastructure projects in
Sindh, the Prime Minister said the government had a comprehensive plan to build
road network in Hyderabad and Karachi. The Japanese government had shown
interest in Karachi Circular Railway Project, which would be initiated soon, he
added.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                October 31, 2016

U.S.$29 Billion Loan - 10 Things FG Must Consider for the Sake of the Youths -
Ben Bruce

BYLINE: Ademola Adebayo

LENGTH: 397 words


President Muhammadu Buhari, last week sought the approval of the National
Assembly for external borrowing plan of $29.960 billion to execute key
infrastructure projects across the country between 2016 and 2018.

According to the president, the loan was very necessary, in view of the serious
infrastructure deficit in the country,

Senator Ben Murray Bruce is however cautioning the Federal Government on the
usage of the loan.

See ten things he wants the FG to consider for the sake of Nigerian youths:

1-I'm never against taken loans, but they should be spent exclusively on
developing Nigeria not developing our elite #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

2-We are being told what FG plans to spend the loan on, but how much of those
expenditures affect the youths? #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

3-People of my age won't be the ones to repay this loan. Its the youth who will,
repay, so it must benefit them, not us #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

4-We elders must have a rethink. We must think of our youth and ways to bequeath
assets to them, not liabilities #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

5-Elected officials still earn ridiculously high salaries in the midst of
poverty. Let's address that before we borrow #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

6-Elected officials still move about in 10-20 car convoys costing hundreds of
millions. Let's fix that before borrowing #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

7-We want to borrow $29 billion for our youth to repay back yet not one youth is
in the Federal Executive Council #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

8-We have not implemented the Orosanye Report and we want to borrow? It will be
like pouring water into a basket #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

9-Before we pile on debt that our youth will have to repay lets at least plug
all areas of waste in our government #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

10-If we don't do the right thing, this loan will turn our youths from leaders
of tomorrow to debtors of tomorrow! #29BillionDollarLoan

- Ben Murray-Bruce (@benmurraybruce) October 28, 2016

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Friday Times

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

Trickle down effect

LENGTH: 829  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Provinces, under which youth affairs fall after the 18th Amendment, have not
been taken on board for launching the youth schemes worth Rs 20b. This is
claimed by officials from the provinces.

Political opponents of Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz term the programme a
political gimmick to pacify the unemployed youth of the country.

"They have been just trying to use the money to attract the youth," says Shah
Farman, spokesperson of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government. "The KP government has
not been taken on board by the prime minister," he says.

Farman claims the KP government is doing the same thing in a better way. "The
PTI government in KP has approved economic schemes of over Rs3.5 billion for the
youth, with a major chunk going to interest-free loans for jobs and
self-employment opportunities."

The size of loan under the KP scheme ranges from Rs50,000 to Rs200,000.
Permanent residents of KP holding valid computerised national identity cards and
having age limit of 18 to 50 years can apply for loan.

"If the prime minister was serious about the youth, he should have announced
funds to the youth affairs departments of the provinces," he says.

The Sindh government has already initiated the Waseela-e-Haq Scheme worth Rs12
billion for the jobless youth, which is aimed at providing self-employment
opportunities to over 35,000 jobless youth in the age group of 19-35 years with
a minimum qualification of matriculation. The approved businesses for loans
range from transport to cattle-raising and from auto-workshop to pharmaceutical
business. The loan is given to an applicant selected through the draw.

Interestingly, the youth affairs ministry in Punjab is also not aware of the
details of the project. "We have not received anything about the prime
minister's youth scheme yet. We do not know how it would be delivered and
through which department," says a senior official of the Punjab government on
the condition of anonymity. "The measures related to actually activating the
youth department are under process in Punjab. There are two groups in the
department -- bureaucrats who want to establish a youth directorate because it
would give them authority, while the second group wants to establish a
foundation or a commission."

"Some donor agencies have shown interest to invest money in the youth
department," he says, adding, "None of the youth-related schemes in the past was
implemented through the department. This is for the first time that the
department has been asked to look into matters related to internship programmes
for youth. The infrastructure of the department would only be developed if
political governments show the political will."

Though the projects about youth should be ideally implemented through provinces
it should be seen if provinces have the infrastructure to launch such schemes.

Youth affairs in all provinces are still managed by sports departments. Only
Sindh has successfully constituted youth affairs directorate but it has its own
ethnic dimensions. The directorate mostly looks into issues related to urban
youth while matters of rural youth in Sindh are dealt under the Waseela-e-Haq
Scheme as part of Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP) initiative.

The provinces, except Punjab, have not yet finalised the youth policy. Even in
Punjab, a youth festival is arranged by the Sports Department. "Schemes for
youth are a good initiative. PML-N has a relatively good track record on such
schemes in Punjab," says Iqbal Haider Butt, a Lahore-based expert on youth
affairs who has been involved in preparing youth policies in Punjab and other
provinces.

"There are some serious infrastructure-related problems in youth departments in
provinces. We have suggested establishing youth foundations, instead of youth
affairs directorates, in the provinces," he says. "Bureaucratic structure of
directorates is very traditional that slows down the process while foundations
have different rules of business and they also involve political stakeholders."

"At present, youth-related affairs in provinces are divided among education,
sports, and social affairs department. We need to make it a one window
operation," says Butt.

Since the state does not have jobs for the youth now, it has been focusing on
providing loans and training, which is good in a way and may develop
entrepreneurship in Pakistani youth. But the government should also focus on
establishing infrastructure for the purpose," he concludes

Government officials second Butt's opinion. Syed Abdullah Jan, a senior official
of the ministry of environment, sports, and youth affairs of Balochistan, says
youth affairs department in his province is not a priority. "We have no
infrastructure. It is an allied department of the ministry of environment," he
says, adding, "The federal government has not shared any details of its youth
programme with us. We have not received any information on the schemes and do
not know who would implement the programme in Balochistan," he says.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

PM-Youth---2---ISLAMABAD

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


About the first scheme,Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said the
'Micro Interest Free Loans'is especially focussed upon the
financially weak segments of society.Under this scheme, a total of
Rs 3.5 billion would be earmarked in the current financial year,
which would benefit about 250,000 people.No interest would be
charged on these loans.


    He also announced Small Business Loan Scheme exclusively for
the educated youth willing to initiate their private businesses.
   The Prime Minister said 50 percent loans would be specified
for the women.Under this scheme,skilled individuals would get loans
worth Rs 0.5 million to Rs 2 million each to help start
their work in agriculture sector or to open the workshop.
   "The markup rate on this loan would be 8 percent as the
remaining would be borne by the government.Initially,the National
Bank of Pakistan and First Women Bank will extend this loan," said
the Prime Minister, adding that the government had allocated Rs 5
billion for the scheme.
   The third initiative,he said was Youth Training Scheme under
which the youth having completed 16-year education from accredited
educational institutes would be provided training so that they may
find suitable job opportunities locally or abroad.
   He also prayed that every citizen may get job opportunity in
the country without going abroad.
   The Prime Minister said during the on-job-training,the youth
will be paid Rs 10,000 stipend monthly for one year and Rs4 billion
have been allocated for the scheme that would benefit around 50,000
graduates.
   Under the Youth Skill Development Scheme, he said youngsters would be
trained to help them earn their livelihood respectfully.The youth aged upto 25
years and with education upto eighth grade would be entitled to avail this
facility.
   "These youths will be trained for six months and will be paid
Rs5,000 monthly as stipend.However the charges of the training
institutes will be borne by the government," he said,adding Rs 800 million have
been specified for the purpose.
    The fifth scheme is about providing assistance to youth of
underdeveloped areas for their tuition fees.He said the government had decided
not let any talented youth remain uneducated if his parents were unable to meet
his educational expenses.
   The government would pay for the tuition fees of all such
deserving students at masters level and above. For this purpose, an
amount of 1.2 billion have been allocated which would cover the
expenses of some 30,000 students with an average of Rs 40,000
yearly.
   Under the Prime Minister's Scheme for Provision of Laptops,
one million students would be given laptops with an amount of Rs 4
billion reserved for the project.
    The Laptop Scheme, which was first introduced in Punjab, had been extended
to the federal level in view of the importance of information technology.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Youth Loans

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The Farm Service Agency makes loans to youth to establish and operate
agricultural income-producing projects in connection with 4-H clubs, FFA and
other agricultural groups. Projects must be planned and operated with the help
of the organization advisor, produce sufficient income to repay the loan and
provide the youth with practical business and educational experience. The
maximum loan amount is $5000.





 Youth Loan Eligibility Requirements:



     Be a citizen of the United States (which includes Puerto Rico, the Virgin
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands)
or a legal resident alien

     Be 10 years to 20 years of age

     Comply with FSA's general eligibility requirements

     Be unable to get a loan from other sources

     Conduct a modest income-producing project in a supervised program of work
as outlined above

     Demonstrate capability of planning, managing and operating the project
under guidance and assistance from a project advisor. The project supervisor
must recommend the youth loan applicant, along with providing adequate
supervision.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Youth Loans

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency has
issued the following news release:





 The Farm Service Agency makes loans to youth to establish and operate
agricultural income-producing projects in connection with 4-H clubs, FFA and
other agricultural groups. Projects must be planned and operated with the help
of the organization advisor, produce sufficient income to repay the loan and
provide the youth with practical business and educational experience. The
maximum loan amount is $5000.





 Youth Loan Eligibility Requirements:



     Be a citizen of the United States (which includes Puerto Rico, the Virgin
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands)
or a legal resident alien

     Be 10 years to 20 years of age

     Comply with FSA's general eligibility requirements

     Be unable to get a loan from other sources

     Conduct a modest income-producing project in a supervised program of work
as outlined above

     Demonstrate capability of planning, managing and operating the project
under guidance and assistance from a project advisor. The project supervisor
must recommend the youth loan applicant, along with providing adequate
supervision.



 Stop by the county office for help preparing and processing the application
forms.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                 February 28, 1992, Friday, UNAVAILABLE EDITION

Ontario honors young entrepreneurs

BYLINE: BY DONNA JEAN MACKINNON TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 349 words


Thirteen young entrepreneurs were honored yesterday for starting businesses that
provide everything from medical services to holographs.

The entrepreneurs honored at the Sheraton Centre used seed money from the
Ontario government's Youth Start-Up Capital program to get their businesses
going.

"The thirteen young people we are honoring today have translated their ideas
into successful businesses. In doing so, they have demonstrated initiative,
creativity and innovative thinking," said Ed Philip, minister of industry, trade
and technology. "To see them is to see Ontario's entrepreneurial spirit in its
early bloom."

The students, who operate profitable part-time businesses ranging from a summer
convenience store, run by William Chatson, 16, of Cloyne, Ont., to a window
cleaning service operated in London by Joshua Hynes, 21, were helped by a
student venture loan.

Among those recognized were people between the ages of 18 and 29 who have
started flourishing full-time businesses.

In 1987, Stephen Leafloor, for example, received a $ 4,000 youth venture loan
that he used to purchase equipment to start a holograph distribution company.

Last year, Leafloor's Starlight Holographic Inc., in Ottawa, grossed $ 325,000.

Youth venture loans range from $ 3,000 to $ 7,500 and are interest-free for the
first year. Recipients have five years to pay the loans back.

To qualify, a young person must be prepared to make a contribution equal to 20
per cent of the loan. The proposed business must operate in Ontario and be new.

According to the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Technology, in 1991, youth
venture loans helped launch 1,500 independent businesses. These businesses
created more than 5,000 jobs and generated nearly $ 100 million in sales.

Since 1987, 90 youth venture awards have been given for outstanding achievement.
All ninety businesses are still thriving.

The Royal Bank, which gives the venture loans and the Ontario Chamber of
Commerce, which offers advice and support to the young business people are
partners in the ministry's program.


LOAD-DATE: February 29, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo (Pickett): Receiving young entrepreneur honors yesterday are
(left to right) Matt Condie, Lynda Eng, Kelly Ryan, Neil Herrewynen, Manon
LeBlanc, Laurie Prete (wife of winner Perry Prete) and Stephen Leafloor.

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              527 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             October 8, 2012 Monday

Chouhan promises 'yuva Kendras', loans to youth

LENGTH: 335 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Oct. 8 -- Vivekananda Yuva Kendra' will be estabshed in all panchayats
and districts across the state. Besides, a loan guarantee scheme will be started
to engage the youth in the economic development of the State.

Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan made the announcements after a visit to the
Vivekananda Memorial in Chicago, where the latter had delivered his historic
address to the Parliament of World Religions in 1893 to a tremendous applause.

"Vivekananda Yuva Kendras will engage the youth in creative social and economic
development of the State," Chouhan said. The youth of the state would use the
platform not only to positively channelise their energy towards personality
development, but also to extend help to various other activities, including
sanitation, literacy and poverty alleviation at the village and district level,
he said.

Chouhan, who is on an eight-day visit to the US, said he had promised the loan
guarantee scheme for the youth as part of his objective to establish a network
of small and medium cottage industries spread over the State.

"We will soon start providing 24-hour uninterrupted power supply in all
villages. A loan guarantee scheme would help the youth realise their potential
by establishing cottage industries," he said.

Under the scheme, banks would help the launch of cottage industries through
loans guaranteed by the State Government.

"The State Government will provide guarantees so that banks do not hesitate in
giving loans to the deserving youth willing to start their own cottage
industry," he said, adding that "lakhs of youths would benefit from this and
accelerate the economic development of the State,"

Chouhan said it was natural to make such an announcement from the "sacred place"
where Swami Vivekananda delivered his famous and historic address in 1893.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Friday Times

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

SIX-POINT AGENDA for the youth

LENGTH: 820  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


On May 9, 2013, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, while concluding his election
campaign, had promised the youth to give them jobs and laptops so they can
progress in practical life. After becoming the PM, Sharif unveiled his initial
plan for the youth, announcing six different schemes for youth worth Rs20
billion.

The six schemes include: micro interest free loans, youth skills development
scheme; small business loans scheme, scheme for provision of laptops, youth
training scheme, and scheme for reimbursement of fee of students from the less
developed areas. The major part of the programme, which was supposed to start in
late 2013, will be starting in January 2014 now.

The prime minister has directed that 50 per cent loans should be reserved for
women in the micro interest free loans scheme and the procedure for acquiring
loans should be made simple with the shortest possible time for release. He has
also directed that youth from less developed areas, including Balochistan,
Gilgit-Baltistan, and Pakistani-administered Kashmir be given priority in these
schemes.

According to officials in the PM's secretariat, the scheme for reimbursement of
fee of deserving students will commence from mid-November, while loan scheme for
the youth will start at the end of the current year. Also, 100,000 laptops will
be distributed to youth across Pakistan from January 2014 onwards. The total
declared cost of the schemes is Rs20 billion at least for now.

Dr Rashid Amjad, an economist and director of Graduate Institute of Development
Studies (GIDS), says such plans have been made to eradicate the socio-economic
problem of Pakistan -- that is unemployment. "Unemployment is creating unrest
amongst the youth. So, if we can find employment for them we can also have
demographic dividend. In this connection, any initiative is important."

Although Dr Amjad believes providing self-employment and targeting the eligible
youth is a good step in principle, he suggests two things: "First, such schemes
need to be well-targeted and transparent and its impact should be properly
monitored. Secondly, we must understand that this direct intervention will only
provide employment at a small level. For best results, the security and energy
situation must be improved."

He says the government must ensure these loans are granted on concessional
rates, targeting less-developed.

But can the PM's youth schemes be seen as a long term policy?

Political economist, Dr S. Akbar Zaidi, in his 2012 research paper on youth and
Pakistan, says if the state fails to harbour this increasing youth in the
country and provide jobs to them, it will be mounting to pave the way for
instability, possibly even anarchy. He points out that the number of people in
the young age group (15-49 years) and the total labour force are projected to
nearly double by 2050, which needs a growth strategy that focuses on creating
employment and have high employment elasticity.

Dr Kaiser Bengali, an eminent economist, is unsure if these schemes will
contribute significantly to the economy and employment rates. "First, there was
no clear mention of such allocations in the federal budget for the current
fiscal year. Second, the economic impact of such schemes is zero," he says.

He adds unemployment is not because people don't have money but because they
don't have jobs. It's an issue of demand and supply. "There is a serious problem
in the supply line of jobs. The government is strengthening the supply side.
But there is no increase in the demand side. There is no selling point for them
in a situation where industry is already suffering from a crisis. We need to
create a macro-economic framework. Jobs will be created through the formal
industry."

Bengali informs such schemes were started in the late 1980s but they all failed
to create a positive impact, except giving moments of pleasure to the
politicians -- "The assumption is that these youth will do business with this
amount but there are no buyers".

In Bengali's view, such schemes will not create any impact -- "And even women
amongst them will benefit less from these schemes. Besides broadening macro
framework, there is a need to review the industry tax rate and bring investment
in the country making the environment conducive."

Pakistan Bureau of Statistics 2011, shows the rate of unemployment at 5.7per
cent in the country, which is more than Central Asian and Latin American
countries. One out of every 10 people of the country's population adds to the
pool of the unemployed.

The unemployment rate increased from 6 to 6.5per cent during the
October-December period of 2012, according to the latest Labour Force Survey for
the second quarter of 2012-13. In urban areas, the unemployment rate increased
by 2per cent to 10.1per cent in the past fiscal year. While unemployment in
rural areas increased to 5per cent from 4.3per cent, which indicated an alarming
increase in the unemployment rate.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Mark-up on youth loans slashed by two percent

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 258

LENGTH: 237  words


The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) Thursday cut the interest rate by 2 percent for
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans (PMYBL). The SBP has advised presidents
and Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) of all banks, through circular IH and SMEFD
Circular Letter No 13 of 2015, that with effect from July 1, 2015 mark-up rate
for the existing as well as new borrowers under Prime Minister's Youth Business
Loans Scheme has been reduced from 8 percent to 6 percent.

The government will continue to pay the difference of the cost at KIBOR+500 bps
to all executing agencies. According to SBP, all other instructions on the
subject will remain unchanged. The federal government introduced the Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans scheme, in November 2013, with a mark-up subsidy
and partial guarantee facility for extension of small business loans up to Rs
2,000,000.

Under the scheme, small business loans will focus on unemployed youth,
especially educated youth is looking for establishing or extending business
enterprises and all men/women holding CNIC, aged between 21 and 45 years with
entrepreneurial potential to apply from designated branches mapped with area of
residence/business.

The federal government allocated some Rs 5 billion in the budget FY13 and
announced to bear up to 5 percent losses on the portfolio of bank under this
scheme. As per the scheme, tenor of loan is up to 7 years with six (6) months
grace period.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday

KB struggles to reach out to youths with limited branches

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Feb. 27 -- The state-owned Karmasangsthan Bank (KB) could not live
up to the billing in disbursement of credit among youths due to its limited
number of branches and shortage of manpower, sources concerned said.

"The KB's collateral-free employment loans for youths are in high demand across
the country. But we can't reach out to them because of our limited number of
branches," sources said. Besides, the shortage of manpower at the existing
branches is also hampering the loan disbursement.

The KB has been striving to scale up lending to small entrepreneurs and
unemployed youths since the beginning to speed up creation of jobs in the
country, an official said Tuesday.

"Our credit programmes for youths have become extremely popular, because our
loans are collateral-free and we charge interest at the rates of only six-twelve
per cent, the lowest in the country," he said.

Another high official of the KB said, "We are establishing necessary branches
and employing the required manpower to offer better services to the clients. We
are not facing any difficulty in disbursing loans to the youths."

He said the bank disbursed over Tk 16 billion in loans among 273,175 youths
since the inception to address the joblessness through self-employment.

About one million people are benefiting from the KB's youth employment finance
service.

Besides, monitoring units at its branches are supervising the borrowers'
activities to make sure they are investing the money in potential sectors.

"We directed every branch to reach out to at least 100 entrepreneurs. As a
result, the number of borrowers increased gradually," a source in the bank
said."We have been able to disburse loans among a greater number of people, as
the government is now focussing on the KB and ensuring availability of adequate
finance for it," the source said.

The number of its branches across the country stood at 208 at the end of the
fiscal 2010-11 against 160 in 2009-10. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from The Financial Express. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: Loan scheme fulfillment of PM's commitments: Maryam Nawaz

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 10 -- Chairperson of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans
Maryam Nawaz said the launching of loans is in fulfillment of Prime Minister
Muhammad Nawaz Sharif's election commitments.

Addressing the launching ceremony, Maryam Nawaz said others only made pledges
but the PML (N) government despite financial crunch has successfully announced
six youth welfare programmes including Youth Business Loans.

Maryam Nawaz said there are only three conditions for the applicants - they
should be Pakistani, holder of valid Computerized National Identity Card and
should have a guarantor.

The Chairperson said that forms of the Youth Business Loans would be available
from Monday and these would be issued free of cost.

Special counters have been set up at banks and Small and Medium Enterprises
Development Authority (SMEDA) offices to facilitate applicants and guide them.

She also explained the procedure for processing of applications and other
details of the Youth Business Loans.

The Chairperson said necessary checks have been put in place to ensure
transparency of the Loans

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Pakistanis download 3 million online forms for loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 788

LENGTH: 301  words


Gaining huge popularity across Pakistan day by day, the Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme has gained formal response of at least 3 million citizens,
according to a parliamentary secretary. Rana Muhammad Afzal Khan, the
parliamentary secretary, revealed the online statistics of the scheme; claiming
that approximately 5 million forms have been downloaded while 3 million forms
have been submitted. However, the loan scheme faced strict criticism from the
religious circles of the country due to the involvement of interests in the
provided money for business. The huge number of forms' submission was seen after
special notices of members of national assembly clarifying that the loan will
not be given to every person. Earlier in last week, online statistics of Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) showed that at least 2.1
million Pakistanis downloaded application forms seeking business loans under the
Prime Minister Youth Loan Scheme.

Newly announced scheme for provision of business loans amongst Pakistani youths
on merit basis is collecting large-scale popularity amongst the citizens as 2.1
million online forms have been downloaded till now while 1.1 million people got
the forms in last two days. According to SMEDA website records, 56 feasibility
studies in English language were uploaded on the official web before two months.

Pre-feasibility forms' download were made before the formal announcement of PM's
loan scheme while in last two days 1 million more downloads were recorded. SMEDA
has established 25 special youth centres in sixteen prominent cities for the
purpose of youth guidance, consultancy and technical information. Pakistanis
have praised the initiation of the loans' scheme and called it as a significant
positive step of the federal government.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

PM assures transparency in Youth Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 528  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif
on Friday assured that the disbursements under Youth Business Loan
Scheme would be made transparently and the violators of merit would
be dealt with strictly.


      "Neither me nor any authority in the National Bank of Pakistan
can favour anyone to get loan under this scheme. I even do not have
such powers," the Prime Minister said addressing the launching
ceremony of the scheme here.
      Federal Minister for Information, Broadcasting and National
Heritage Senator Pervaiz Rashid and Sindh Chief Minister Qaim Ali
Shah and other senior government officials were also present on the
occasion.
      Earlier on his arrival, the Prime Minister was received by the
Sindh Chief Minister.
      Describing it as social cancer, the Prime Minister expressed the
government's resolve to curb favouritism, vowing to enforce the merit
policy at all costs.
      He said he had envisioned the loan scheme during his previous
tenure but it could not materialize as the government could not
complete its term.
      He said the loan scheme would help boost the country's GDP
(gross domestic product) and support the families of borrowers as
well as of those allied with their businesses.
      He recalled that the recovery rate of Yellow Cab Scheme was
almost 99 per cent and hoped that the youngsters would also pay back
this loan honestly.
      The Prime Minister said the conditions for guarantors in the
Loan Scheme had been eased keeping in view the difficulties faced
by the youth.
      Now anyone, including the blood relatives having net worth of
1.5 times of the loan amount could give the guarantee. Moreover, any
government officer of Grade-15 with eight or more years of
remaining service could be a guarantor, he added.
      He said even more than one person with cumulative net worth
of more than 1.5 times of the loan amount could give collective
guarantees for a single applicant. Even, the applicant having required
net worth could give his own guarantee.
      The applicant could have his bank account in any bank,
including National Bank of Pakistan, the Prime Minister said.
      He said," We have to trust the youth and give them financial
independence to play a positive role in the national economy".
      The Prime Minister said in the past, loans were given only to
influential ones and entities, while the small borrowers were
neglected.
      "We have decided to give loans to small borrowers in order to
give benefit to the skilled youth and lower strata of the society.
This is a programme launched for the youth, who are the builders of
Pakistan," he said.
      Later, the Prime Minister met the applicants and inquired
about their plans after getting the loan. The applicants
enthusiastically interacted with the Prime Minister and said
the loan scheme would help them utilize their skills not only for
own benefit, but also for families and the society.
      Speaking about infrastructure projects in Sindh, the Prime
Minister said the government had a comprehensive plan to build
road network in Hyderabad and Karachi. The Japanese government
had shown interest in Karachi Circular Railway Project,
which would be initiated soon, he added.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                           October 23, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Fresh help for new businesses

SECTION: EDUCATION;FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 405 words


A NOT-FOR-PROFIT organisation chosen to deliver the Government Start-Up Loans
scheme is calling for more would-be entrepreneurs to come forward after
supporting more than 40 businesses so far.

Youth Enterprise CIC is working alongside Stoke-on-Trent City Council, Knights
Solicitors and Staffordshire University to distribute funding under the scheme
designed to get new business ideas off the ground.

Initially, the loans were only available to people aged between 18 and 30.

But now Youth Enterprise is looking to help those aged over 30 after the age cap
was removed.

The loan is now available to anybody over the age of 18 who lives in England and
is interested in starting a business.

As well as providing funding, Start-Up Loans also mentors young entrepreneurs
with business experts from Youth Enterprise working with applicants to develop
their idea. They also help them to present their business proposals to members
of the loan panel.

The average loan is around £4,500 which must be paid back within five years at a
fixed-rate of interest. Across the country, about 35,000 people have formally
registered an interest in a loan and nearly 8,000 start-ups have been helped.
Last month Prime Minister David Cameron approved another £34 million for the
Start-Up Loans scheme that will support around 7,600 businesses.

Ben Dyer, director of Youth Enterprise, based in Stoke, said he hoped more
people would take advantage of the help on offer through the scheme.

"We are delighted to be chosen as a delivery partner for Start-Up Loans and are
looking forward to supporting more businesses," he added.

"We are receiving applications on a daily basis and the number of businesses we
are helping is rapidly growing."

A dedicated website for the scheme has been established for the Youth Enterprise
Start-Up Programme (YES-UP) as well as a Facebook page. The Government has said
that specific support for ex-Forces personnel will also be available. Mr Cameron
said: "I am determined to do all I can to support the British economy and that
includes helping small businesses and budding entrepreneurs to get on.

"In the last two years we have helped tens of thousands of people to turn their
ideas into a viable business, and this additional support will help thousands
more.

"My message is simple: if you have drive, determination and are prepared to work
hard, we will back you."

Is your firm taking on staff? Email businessdesk@thesentinel.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Youth Enterprise director Ben Dyer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                      Copyright 2013 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                              July 6, 2012 Friday

Young entrepreneurs create a sustainable future

BYLINE:

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 833 words


Are you between the ages of 18 and 34 and have a brilliant idea for creating a
business, yet aren't sure where to start to make your dream a reality? If you've
answered yes to this question, this month's column is definitely a "must read"
for you!

It's a well-known fact that our economy is being fueled by small business
owners, and today's young entrepreneurs will most likely own tomorrow's thriving
enterprises.

By providing young people with the proper tools and information on how to setup
and maintain a solid business, we are helping to build a vibrant future for all
of us, especially in our rural communities which have experienced tough economic
times of late.

Currently young entrepreneurs represent approximately 25 per cent of our total
loan client base.

One such client is Chris Harborne, who was the 2011 winner of the Young
Entrepreneur of the Year Award for the Southeast region. Chris is the sole owner
of Downtown Digital, a computer store in Sackville, New Brunswick, as well as
part-owner of Specnet Technologies Inc., which operates two other similar stores
in the Halifax area.

He says "Luckily I had tremendous support from the community, my Halifax
partners, and my family. This has been my dream and I look forward to being part
of a chain of stores just like mine, providing clients with exceptional service
and up-to-date technologies."

We, at the Community Business Development Corporation (CBDC) Westmorland Albert,
recognize the need to nurture young entrepreneurs, and to this end have a
specific financial product, namely the CBDC Youth Loan, which is tailored to
meet the needs of the budding young business person.

The CBDC Youth Loan offers up to $20,000 per eligible borrower in the form of a
repayable personal loan. Currently our particular CBDC interest rate on this
loan is prime plus 2 per cent, is interest free for the first year, and is the
lowest rate we are permitted to charge. Repayment terms can be flexible and
loans will normally be unsecured, however, security can be taken where deemed
appropriate by the CBDC.

Loans are to be used for your business and, as you can imagine, most of these
youth loans are start-up ventures. We also can assist with the costs of
providing valuable training to ensure that your business starts off on the right
foot and that you gain important management skills to run your business.

Business activities can include start-ups, expansions, or modernization of a
commercial activity for a Youth Borrower between the ages of 18 - 34. The
business may be either a year-round or seasonal business activity, and loans may
be used to finance any costs of the business including fixed assets, start-up
costs, and/or working capital. Leasehold improvements and franchise purchases
are also eligible.

Enterprise Greater Moncton and Enterprise South-East both have Youth
Entrepreneurship Development Officers who can guide the young business owner in
their search for specific programs which are geared towards helping them
succeed. The Canadian Youth Business Foundation (CYBF) loan for $15,000 is one
such program. For those considering starting a seasonal summer operation only,
they can assist you in an application for the Student Entrepreneurship program
which provides students with a valuable entrepreneurship experience. The Student
Entrepreneurship component is a unique part of the Government of New Brunswick's
summer employment programming. It offers interest-free loans to students who
wish to create summer employment and gain valuable business experience by
operating their own business. Retail shops, craftspeople, painting operations,
computer companies, lawn care businesses and many other original ventures have
received funding under entrepreneurship programs in the past.

The Student Entrepreneurship component provides an interest-free loan of up to
$3,000 to help students start a summer business that will create at least one
full-time student summer job and provide the applicant with a valuable business
experience. If the loan has been repaid in full, students may be reimbursed up
to 1/3 of the loan, provided that all program regulations and requirements have
been met.

To obtain more information about youth-oriented programs or to find out about
summer Entrepreneurship camps, visit the nearest Enterprise Agency in your area.
Feel free to call Belén Welch of Enterprise Greater Moncton at (506) 858-9550 or
Kim Landry of Enterprise South-East at (506) 533-3390.

Interested young entrepreneurs can view the full list of criteria that must be
met in order to receive funding under the CBDC Youth Loan online at
http://www.cbdc.ca/featured_programs or you can call our office at (506)
532-8312 and speak to any of our helpful staff.

? Karen Robinson is the executive director of CBDC Westmorland Albert,
past-president of the N.B. Association of CBDCs, and is currently representing
N.B. on the Executive Committee of the Atlantic Association of CBDCs. Building
Business appears the last Friday of the month.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             January 5, 2014 Sunday

PM: Court to prove someone guilty or innocent

BYLINE:  Salim Ahmed

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 064

LENGTH: 527  words


State, Constitution real petitioners in Nov 3 case Lahore: Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif Saturday said "it is for the court to decide whether the action of
November 3 fell under the purview of the Article-6 of the Constitution.

Talking to a private television channelâ(EURO)s the premier said the case is
before the court of law and it would not be appropriate to say something on it
but putting aside merits of the case, however, he said he would say the state of
Pakistan and the Constitution are plaintiff in this case.

He said, if everyone is equal before the law then everyone should be held
accountable. He added it has to be decided by the court if someone was innocent
or not. If the law is equal for everyone then everyone is answerable to the
courts, he said, adding, It is court's duty to prove someone guilty or innocent.

While addressing a function in connection with the launching of Prime Minister's
Youth Loan Programme organized by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) at Okara
Sports Complex, Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has expressed the hope that
Youth Business Loan will make the youth financially self-reliant apart from
helping in alleviating poverty and creating job opportunities.

Nawaz said that he is fully convinced that the youth will play their due role in
the country as they have the spiritâ(EURO)s resolve and determination to put the
country on road to prosperity. He said the government has fulfilled its election
promise by launching this scheme to make the youth self-reliant financially.

The premier said youth belonging to minorities should also get benefit from this
scheme as there are equal opportunities for them. He said that the young
generation belonging to all parts of the country is applying for loans. He said
young women in large number are also benefiting from the schemeâ(EURO)s which
will bring prosperity to their families. He said conditions for the issuance of
loans have now been relaxed to enable the youth to take maximum benefit from the
scheme.He said transparency is being ensured in every aspect of this
schemeâ(EURO)s which will create new employment opportunities in various sectors
of the economy.

Nawaz Sharif said Rs 100 billion allocation for the loan scheme reflected his
trust in youth, who would put the country on the road to progress. He said youth
had immense potential and could play a positive role in the country's progress.
The youth remained deprived of their right to progress during last 65 years and
the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz government decided to bring them into the
mainstream by providing financial facilities through the banking sector. Even
developed countries like Japan, Germany and Britain had provided financial
assistance to the youth to enable them set up their own businesses, he added.
"Only those countries made progress that followed the constitution in letter and
spirit. I believe the 60 percent youth population will not let us down and make
the country proud," he added.

He said the loan scheme was for the whole country, including Federally
Administred Tribal Areas, Gilgit-Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan and Punjab.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams are being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

BYLINE:  Younis Chandio & Jani Khaskheli

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 338

LENGTH: 454  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate common man applying for loan and
also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful to
reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country. PML-N
MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi Memon
said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday. In this regards,
the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from PML-N, four other
members from business community and banking sector, she said. Besides this, the
monitoring team would have some covered members to check the whole activity from
receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of forms at banks to make
the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto. The
micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said. The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided
to the youth of Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and
remaining burden of the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful. In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the
skills of youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business
plan in more than 50 areas of business, Memon said. Any one applying for loan
have one guarantor possessing good creditability as standards set by the banks
to ensure the repayment of public money and also best utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form. After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible
for balloting to be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans
ranging from one hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the
program said. The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces
in the scheme and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said. PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving
economic indicators and also reduce the corruption index, she said. Besides
this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also apply
for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams are being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

BYLINE:  Younis Chandio & Jani Khaskheli

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 338

LENGTH: 454  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate common man applying for loan and
also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful to
reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country. PML-N
MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi Memon
said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday. In this regards,
the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from PML-N, four other
members from business community and banking sector, she said. Besides this, the
monitoring team would have some covered members to check the whole activity from
receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of forms at banks to make
the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto. The
micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said. The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided
to the youth of Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and
remaining burden of the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful. In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the
skills of youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business
plan in more than 50 areas of business, Memon said. Any one applying for loan
have one guarantor possessing good creditability as standards set by the banks
to ensure the repayment of public money and also best utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form. After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible
for balloting to be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans
ranging from one hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the
program said. The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces
in the scheme and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said. PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving
economic indicators and also reduce the corruption index, she said. Besides
this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also apply
for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams are being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

BYLINE:  Younis Chandio & Jani Khaskheli

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 338

LENGTH: 454  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate common man applying for loan and
also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful to
reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country. PML-N
MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi Memon
said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday. In this regards,
the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from PML-N, four other
members from business community and banking sector, she said. Besides this, the
monitoring team would have some covered members to check the whole activity from
receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of forms at banks to make
the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto. The
micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said. The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided
to the youth of Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and
remaining burden of the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful. In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the
skills of youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business
plan in more than 50 areas of business, Memon said. Any one applying for loan
have one guarantor possessing good creditability as standards set by the banks
to ensure the repayment of public money and also best utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form. After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible
for balloting to be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans
ranging from one hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the
program said. The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces
in the scheme and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said. PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving
economic indicators and also reduce the corruption index, she said. Besides
this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also apply
for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams are being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

BYLINE:  Younis Chandio & Jani Khaskheli

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 338

LENGTH: 454  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate common man applying for loan and
also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful to
reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country. PML-N
MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi Memon
said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday. In this regards,
the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from PML-N, four other
members from business community and banking sector, she said. Besides this, the
monitoring team would have some covered members to check the whole activity from
receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of forms at banks to make
the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto. The
micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said. The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided
to the youth of Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and
remaining burden of the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful. In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the
skills of youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business
plan in more than 50 areas of business, Memon said. Any one applying for loan
have one guarantor possessing good creditability as standards set by the banks
to ensure the repayment of public money and also best utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form. After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible
for balloting to be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans
ranging from one hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the
program said. The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces
in the scheme and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said. PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving
economic indicators and also reduce the corruption index, she said. Besides
this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also apply
for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Govt can not provide job to all youth: CEC LAHDC Leh

LENGTH: 565 words

DATELINE: LEH


LEH, Aug. 26 -- Reiterating that government can't provide job for all, and
therefore, the educated youth of Leh district must know the reality and change
their mind set for self employment which has greater scope and better business
potential with vast entrepreneurship loan schemes through various financial
institutions.

This was stated by the CEC, Leh Rigzin Spalbar while addressing an Awareness cum
Loan Mela organized today at Leh by the J&K Entrepreneurship Dev. Institute (J&K
EDI) under National Minorities Development & Finance Corporation Loan Scheme.

The Executive Councilor Tourism, Mohd. Shafi Lassu, the Councilors of LAHDC,
Leh, the Director, J&K EDI, Dr. M.I.Parrey, the Chief Operating Officer, J&K
EDI, Zamir Qadri, Sarpanches, Naib Sarpanches, district officers and
representatives from various bankers attended the Mela.

Welcoming this first ever awareness camp for the public representatives of Leh
district on a very important issue of employment generation, CEC said that the
biggest challenge ahead of Leh is how to appropriately motivate the educated
youth towards entrepreneurship and make full use of the available recourses and
schemes. CEC termed that there is a serious lack in dissemination of information
about the employment schemes among the youth as a result most of the youth do
not know how to avail the schemes and what is its benefit . He strongly felt the
need to educate each and every youth of Leh district specially the female
candidates who registered with the Employment Deptt and motivate them towards
potential trades saying that females of Leh district have comparatively less job
opportunity than males. Spalbar urged the public representatives to seriously
contribute to address the employment issue playing active role in information
sharing of employment schemes as well as inspiring the youths towards self
employment.

CEC strongly advocated to make the procedure of loan simplify and flexible on
Ladakh's context keeping in mind the good track record of loan recovery in Leh
district. He appreciated the initiatives of J&K EDI in Leh and expressed hope
that such awareness camps and dissemination of information about innovative
business schemes would play a great role in minimize the employment crisis in
Leh district and assured that LAHDC, Leh would do every efforts in proper
implementation of these schemes for larger youth interest.

The EC Tourism Shafi Lassu speaking on the occasion stressed the need to educate
every candidates about the norms and benefit of financial schemes and also urged
to make hassle free loan so that more and more educated youth come forward for
self employment without hanging around for Govt. jobs.

The Director, J&K EDI Dr. Parrey told that 100% people in Ladakh comes under
minority population and said that this is a great opportunity for every educated
youth of Ladakh to avail loan schemes of J&KEDI and start their business. He
urged the public representatives of Leh to identify and recommend at least 2 to
3 candidates from their respective areas for J&K EDI schemes saying that there
is no limitation on project cost and they can take the advantage of these
financial loan with a very low interest.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday

Micro credit scheme: 50 percent loans be reserved for women, Prime Minister
tells MoF

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 306

LENGTH: 364  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has directed the Finance Ministry that 50 percent of
the envisaged micro interest-free loan under the Prime Minister Programme should
be reserved for women.

Sources said the Prime Minister was also informed that Central Developing
Working Party has recently approved Rs 23.496 billion for Prime Minister
Programme for provision of laptops to talented students. Nawaz Sharif was
chairing a meeting to review the Prime Minister's Youth Programme on Wednesday.

The meeting was attended by Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, Information Minister
Pervaiz Rashid, Minister of State for Information Technology Anusha Rehman,
Special Assistant to Prime Minister Mussadiq Malik, Secretary Finance, Dr Waqar
Masood Khan and other senior officials. The interest-free loan programme is
designed to support 0.25 million financially vulnerable for which Rs 3 billion
have been earmarked.

The Prime Minister said the government would ensure the youth is gainfully
employed and helped in all respects. The Premier was also informed that
initially 0.25 million youth would be provided with loan and 100,000 laptops
would be provided to the talented students when the scheme would be launched in
January 2014.

Officials of Finance Ministry briefed the Prime Minister about all the features
of the youth programme and was informed that so far around 0.5 million
suggestions have been received from the general public, of which practicable
suggestions have been included in the programme.

The Prime Minister's youth program comprises six schemes including Qarze-Hassana
(interest-free loan), small business loans, youth training scheme, youth skills
development scheme, provision of laptops and scheme for reimbursement of fee for
students of less-developed areas.

Moreover, the Prime Minister directed that youth from less-developed areas
including Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu Kashmir be given priority
in these schemes, and 100 percent transparency and merit be ensured.

Nawaz said the government wants to provide various opportunities to the youth
including skilled education, trainings, employment and scholarships so that they
could contribute positively to all fields.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

CM's bonanza for youths- easy loans, subsidy for startups

SECTION: BHOPAL

LENGTH: 458 words


BHOPAL: In a bonanza to the youths the Madhya Pradesh chief minister announced
100% loan guarantee by the state government for establishing self-employment
units costing up to Rs 25 lakh. Similarly, up to 20% margin money and loan
guarantee on industries worth up to Rs 50,000 will also be given by the state
government. Chouhan was addressing the Yuva Panchayat at Jamboree Maidan here on
Wednesday held under the series of Swami Vivekananda Mahotsav Samaroh.

Chouhan said that the state government will also give interest on education
guarantee loans. Loan fairs will be held in all districts for making available
higher education loans. Assistance worth up to Rs 15 lakh will be given to
talented students for studies abroad.

Announcing the "Maa tujhe pranam yojna" for youths, Chouhan said that under the
scheme, youths will be taken on visit to border areas. Coaching will be imparted
to youths in Madhya Pradesh in water sports, martial arts and shooting with aim
to encourage them to win Olympics medal. The quantum of sports prize money will
be doubled and mukhyamantri yuva olympics will be held at village, development
block up to state-level. Its winners will be taken on visit to Vivekananda Rock
Memorial, Kanyakumari. Activities of NSS and NCC will be expanded in colleges.

Chouhan announced to bring issuance of duplicate marksheets, migration
certificates and TC under the purview of the Public Service Delivery Guarantee
Act and 11 colleges will be developed as community colleges. For SC, ST
students, 20 post-matric boys and 20 post-matric girls hostels will be
established.

Wi-fi facility will be extended in colleges and internet facility in schools. A
campaign will be launched to upgrade laboratories in all colleges. Similarly,
the first vocational university of the country will be established in Madhya
Pradesh to impart job- oriented courses to youths. Placement cells will be set
up in all colleges at the district level and Vivekananda Yuva Kendras will be
established in all districts. Engineering colleges are being opened at Jhabua,
Shahdol and Naugaon.

He said that a mukhyamantri yuva contractor yojna will be launched for the
benefit of engineering pass outs. Besides, chief minister's internship scheme
will also be launched. Loans worth up to Rs 10 lakh each will be made available
to youths to start custom hiring centres.

Public relations minister Laxmikant Sharma said that the state government is
committed to giving right direction to youths through Yuva Panchayat held to
mark 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda. State BJP president Narendra
Singh Tomar said that initiative has been taken for the first time in the state
to establish direct dialogue with youth power.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday

PM youth business loan programme

BYLINE:  Rakhshanda Khan Rakhshy

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 132

LENGTH: 756  words


In Pakistan it is normal for the political parties to make tall promises during
the election campaigns to misguide them and give them false hopes and attract
them just for getting their votes. Normally after winning the elections these
pre- election promises are conveniently forgotten.

The Pakistan Muslim League (N) however has taken a very bold step to fulfil some
of the significant promises made during the electioneering campaign. it is a
unique political party which has taken concrete steps in a very short period
after coming to power. They decided to keep most of the promises they had made
during the election campaign.

Immediately after coming to power they began to pay attention to the problems
being faced by the common man. The most irritating problem being faced by the
Pakistanis was loadshedding and this got top priority by the government.

The loadshedding problem was tackled in a unique manner and the circular debt
menace was solved in record time as a short term measure but at the same time
efforts were initiated to find a long time solution and these efforts are
continuing to date. other problems which drew the attention of the newly
installed government also required short term solutions as well as long term
solutions.

In the short period of time that this government has been in power, they have
taken significant measures to control the rising inflation, increase industrial
production , increase exports, decrease the rate of crime in the country,
rectified many problems in the Pakistan railways, screened out incompetent and
dishonest persons from state enterprises , improved the education system in the
country and improve the economy as well as tackle the internal and external
security threats vis-a-vis the scourge of terrorism.

Perhaps the most important and significant thing that the PML (N) Governemnt
have done is to recognise 'youth ' as the most important resource of the country
and they have set about in utilising this resource to the maximum national
advantage.

it is a lucky thing that we are blessed with a very high ratio of 'human
resource' in the form of the younger portion of population in our country. we
are among those few countries of the world which possess a high percentage of
youth in our population and are lucky that they can be activated to accelerate
national development. the prime minister Mr. Muhammad Nawaz sharif has
formulated a vibrant, dynamic and futuristic policy for the youth to cultivate
this human resource positively and to the maximum .

Now holding of youth festivals, granting scholarships to talented and bright
students, apprentice schemes for students in government departments and semi
government organisations are some or the good steps taken in this regard. The
latest initiative by the prime minister to launch a 'youth business loan scheme'
which is called the "prime minister's youth business loan programme" is a very
bold and long term step for the unemployed younger lot who need to have
financial resources to get launched in business.

this scheme envisages granting of loans on very soft terms and easy pay back
conditions for the convenience of the recipients.

indeed it is a revolutionary step as it places a lot of trust in the youth of
Pakistan and gives them a lot of confidence in them. in other words it is an act
of 'empowering' 'the youth of Pakistani youth to a very great extent. the
government has set aside a huge sum of Rs 3.7 billion for this purpose and the
terms and conditions are very favourable to the loanees. Each loanee will be
given upto a maximum of Rs 2 million. the procedure for applying for the loan is
very simple and least number of verifications are required before grant of these
loans.

Loans are to be granted in a transparent manner through a public ballot, first
of which was held on the 28th of February 28, 2014 at the convention centre in
Islamabad. The jam packed audience was addressed by the prime minister, Mr.
Muhammad Nawaz Sharif. The finance minister Mr. Ishaq Dar and Maryam Nawaz
Sharif, who is also the chairperson of the programme.

The team made responsible for looking after this scheme is headed by Ms Mariam
Nawaz Sharif, the very capable and dedicated daughter of the prime minister, who
has been largely responsible for formulating the details of the programme and
making the scheme responsive to the requirements of the youth of Pakistan. She
has also strived to serve the original purpose of getting the youth to enter the
mainstream of business and commercial environment of the country.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday

Pakistan: PM assures transparency in Youth Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 546  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, Jan. 4 -- Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif

on Friday assured that the disbursements under Youth Business Loan

Scheme would be made transparently and the violators of merit would

be dealt with strictly.

"Neither me nor any authority in the National Bank of Pakistan

can favour anyone to get loan under this scheme. I even do not have

such powers," the Prime Minister said addressing the launching

ceremony of the scheme here.

Federal Minister for Information, Broadcasting and National

Heritage Senator Pervaiz Rashid and Sindh Chief Minister Qaim Ali

Shah and other senior government officials were also present on the

occasion.

Earlier on his arrival, the Prime Minister was received by the

Sindh Chief Minister.

Describing it as social cancer, the Prime Minister expressed the government's
resolve to curb favouritism, vowing to enforce the merit

policy at all costs.

He said he had envisioned the loan scheme during his previous

tenure but it could not materialize as the government could not

complete its term.

He said the loan scheme would help boost the country's GDP

(gross domestic product) and support the families of borrowers as

well as of those allied with their businesses.

He recalled that the recovery rate of Yellow Cab Scheme was

almost 99 per cent and hoped that the youngsters would also pay back

this loan honestly.

The Prime Minister said the conditions for guarantors in the

Loan Scheme had been eased keeping in view the difficulties faced

by the youth.

Now anyone, including the blood relatives having net worth of

1.5 times of the loan amount could give the guarantee. Moreover, any

government officer of Grade-15 with eight or more years of

remaining service could be a guarantor, he added.

He said even more than one person with cumulative net worth

of more than 1.5 times of the loan amount could give collective

guarantees for a single applicant. Even, the applicant having required

net worth could give his own guarantee.

The applicant could have his bank account in any bank,

including National Bank of Pakistan, the Prime Minister said.

He said," We have to trust the youth and give them financial

independence to play a positive role in the national economy".

The Prime Minister said in the past, loans were given only to

influential ones and entities, while the small borrowers were

neglected.

"We have decided to give loans to small borrowers in order to

give benefit to the skilled youth and lower strata of the society.

This is a programme launched for the youth, who are the builders of

Pakistan," he said.

Later, the Prime Minister met the applicants and inquired

about their plans after getting the loan. The applicants

enthusiastically interacted with the Prime Minister and said

the loan scheme would help them utilize their skills not only for

own benefit, but also for families and the society.

Speaking about infrastructure projects in Sindh, the Prime

Minister said the government had a comprehensive plan to build

road network in Hyderabad and Karachi. The Japanese government

had shown interest in Karachi Circular Railway Project,

which would be initiated soon, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Nawaz assures transparency in Youth Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 479  words


HYDERABAD: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday assured that disbursements
under Youth Business Loan Scheme would be made transparently and the violators
of merit would be dealt strictly.

"Neither me nor any authority in the National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) can favour
anyone to get loan under this scheme. Even I do not have such powers," he said
while addressing the launching ceremony of the scheme here.

Federal Minister for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Senator
Pervaiz Rashid and Sindh Chief Minister Qaim Ali Shah and other senior
government officials were also present on the occasion.

Earlier on his arrival, the prime minister was received by the Sindh chief
minister.

Describing it as social cancer, PM Sharif expressed the government's resolve to
curb favouritism, vowing to enforce the merit policy at all costs.

He said he had envisioned the loan scheme during his previous tenure but it
could not materialise as the government could not complete its term.

The loan scheme would help boost the country's GDP (gross domestic product) and
support the families of borrowers as well as of those allied with their
businesses, he said.

Sharif claimed that recovery rate of the Yellow Cab Scheme during his last
tenure was almost 99 per cent and hoped that the youngsters would also pay back
this loan honestly.

Conditions for guarantors in the Loan Scheme had been eased keeping in view the
difficulties faced by the youth, he said.

Now anyone, including the blood relatives having net worth of 1.5 times of the
loan amount could give the guarantee. Moreover, any government officer of
Grade-15 with eight or more years of remaining service could be a guarantor, he
added.

He said that even more than one person with cumulative net worth of more than
1.5 times of the loan amount could give collective guarantees for a single
applicant. Even, the applicant having required net worth could give his own
guarantee.

The applicant could have his bank account in any bank, including National Bank
of Pakistan, said the premier.

"We have to trust the youth and give them financial independence to play a
positive role in the national economy."

The prime minister said in the past, loans were given only to influential and
entities, while the small borrowers were neglected.

"We have decided to give loans to small borrowers in order to give benefit to
the skilled youth and lower strata of the society. This is a programme launched
for the youth, who are the builders of Pakistan," he said.

Later, Prime Minister Sharif met the applicants and inquired about their plans
after getting the loan.

Speaking about infrastructure projects in Sindh, he said the government had a
comprehensive plan to build road network in Hyderabad and Karachi.

The Japanese government had shown interest in Karachi Circular Railway Project,
which would be initiated soon, the prime minister added.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

WCCI lauds Prime Minister youth loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 342

LENGTH: 241  words


Women entrepreneurs and female youth have termed the launching of Prime Minister
Youth Loan Scheme as a milestone decision of incumbent Pakistan Muslim
League-Nawaz led government to create self-employment opportunities for youth,
especially women.

"Youth have courage and zeal to start own business, but unfortunately due to
lack of financial support they can not start their own business," said Rohi
Zahir Shah, President Women Chamber of Commerce and Industry (WCCI) Peshawar,
while talking to Business Recorder here on Friday.

"Women also lack any source of income to run businesses but now with this
scheme, would be able to start businesses at their own level," she added. She
also lauded the allocation of 50 percent quota for women in the scheme, and
extension to Federally Administered Tribal Areas. She expressed the hope that
the loan will be distributed in transparent and fair manner, to extend benefits
to genuine and deserving people through the scheme. She said a mechanism should
be devised to ensure 100 percent disbursement of loan, and to make the scheme
more successful and result-oriented.

Rabia Khan, WCCI Youth Forum member also lauded the announcement of this loan
scheme for youth, saying the step would create self-employment opportunities for
a millions of youth in the country. She said the national economy would be
further stabilised by contribution of youth, and put country on path of
development and progress as well.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

WCCI lauds Prime Minister youth loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 342

LENGTH: 241  words


Women entrepreneurs and female youth have termed the launching of Prime Minister
Youth Loan Scheme as a milestone decision of incumbent Pakistan Muslim
League-Nawaz led government to create self-employment opportunities for youth,
especially women.

"Youth have courage and zeal to start own business, but unfortunately due to
lack of financial support they can not start their own business," said Rohi
Zahir Shah, President Women Chamber of Commerce and Industry (WCCI) Peshawar,
while talking to Business Recorder here on Friday.

"Women also lack any source of income to run businesses but now with this
scheme, would be able to start businesses at their own level," she added. She
also lauded the allocation of 50 percent quota for women in the scheme, and
extension to Federally Administered Tribal Areas. She expressed the hope that
the loan will be distributed in transparent and fair manner, to extend benefits
to genuine and deserving people through the scheme. She said a mechanism should
be devised to ensure 100 percent disbursement of loan, and to make the scheme
more successful and result-oriented.

Rabia Khan, WCCI Youth Forum member also lauded the announcement of this loan
scheme for youth, saying the step would create self-employment opportunities for
a millions of youth in the country. She said the national economy would be
further stabilised by contribution of youth, and put country on path of
development and progress as well.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

One million to benefit from interest-free loans

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 76

LENGTH: 815  words


Announcing that interest-free loan scheme with Rs 3.5 billion will benefit
around one million people, Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz Sharif said Tuesday
that micro-finance schemes were aimed at playing role of a catalyst in political
and economic growth with the main focus on bringing positive change in the lives
of poor segments of society.

Prime Minister expressed these views while chairing a meeting to review progress
on the interest-free loan scheme here on Tuesday. The scheme started with a sum
of Rs 3.5 billion would benefit around one million people with half the
beneficiaries would be women. The disbursement of interest-free loans would
start in the third week of coming June.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif said micro-finance schemes would give a
boost to productive economic activities in the country. The prime minister
further said, "I am convinced that if our youth are given proper guidance and
financial support through micro credit schemes and better access to innovative
technology, they can play their positive role in development of the country."

The meeting was also attended by Minister for Finance Ishaq Dar, Chairperson
Prime Minister Youth Scheme (PMYS) Ms Mariam Nawaz, Secretary Finance Dr Waqar
Masood and other high government officials attended the meeting.

Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Scheme Maryam Nawaz briefed the prime minister
on the progress on youth scheme. She said, "Today we have fulfilled another
promise made with the youth of Pakistan." "Transparency and merit are hallmark
of our programme and we believe in disbursing capital and imparting skills for
development of our youth."

She briefed the PM that government had earmarked Rs 3.5 billion for the
interest-free loan for the beneficiaries from all over the country, which would
be disbursed through Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund. Each federating unit has
been given share as per the NFC Award with the primary focus on rural areas.

Each beneficiary will receive up to Rs 50,000 through the Interest-Free Loan
Scheme and one million people will get the benefit from the scheme. Proper loan
centres and business support centres will be formed to facilitate the
beneficiaries, she further said.

Maryam also briefed the PM about progress on the other programme of PMYS. She
told the premier that training of selected youths in PM Youth Skill Development
Programme had commenced from May 12. Some 25,000 youths, of the underdeveloped
areas from all over the country, would be imparted training in 100 disciplines
under this programme. The duration of training programme is 4-6 months for
various disciplines and will cost Rs 800 million. About 35 per cent quota is
allocated for female keeping in view the government's policy of empowering the
women in the country.

The allocation of seats is according to the population in the federating units,
based on NFC Award. The basic aim of the scheme was to train the youth in
different disciplines to make them self-sufficient. The Skill Development
Programme was focused to channel the talent and energies of the youths so that
they could earn their livelihood and meet the challenges of the modern world,
she said.

Maryam told the premier that the PM Fee Disbursement Scheme would benefit
approximately 33,000 eligible students, during the current financial year. The
students doing M Phil and PhD from 59 districts will avail provision of tuition
fee and other education charges. The government will meet all the expenses, she
said.

Briefing the prime minister on PM Laptop Scheme, chairperson of PMYS said that
all MS, M Phil and PhD scholars of public sector universities would be eligible.
There will be a special quota for disabled, she added. The students would be
selected upon their performance, she said. Bright students of polytechnic
institutions will also be eligible.

PM was told that the M/s HAIER Electrical Appliances, the company which got the
contract will assemble 10,000 laptops in Pakistan and from next year 100 per
cent distributed laptops will be assembled in Pakistan. Every laptop will have
an EVO device with three months of free-internet connection. The company will
also offer internship to selected students. The company will establish e-
education rooms in two universities where 14 software will be installed free of
cost. The distribution of laptops will start in June with first tranche of
10,000 laptops.

PM said, "Establishment of assembling plants is a step in the right direction I
am happy that this scheme was examined and vetted by Transparency International
and is being appreciated by them," PM added.

Meeting also reviewed the arrangements of 2nd ballot of PM Youth Business Loan
Scheme. Maryam said that next balloting of youth loan scheme would be carried
out next month. "I am personally supervising the program and ensuring
coordination between all the departments for better efficiency," she added.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

One million to benefit from interest-free loans

BYLINE: Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 76

LENGTH: 815  words


Announcing that interest-free loan scheme with Rs 3.5 billion will benefit
around one million people, Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz Sharif said Tuesday
that micro-finance schemes were aimed at playing role of a catalyst in political
and economic growth with the main focus on bringing positive change in the lives
of poor segments of society.

Prime Minister expressed these views while chairing a meeting to review progress
on the interest-free loan scheme here on Tuesday. The scheme started with a sum
of Rs 3.5 billion would benefit around one million people with half the
beneficiaries would be women. The disbursement of interest-free loans would
start in the third week of coming June.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif said micro-finance schemes would give a
boost to productive economic activities in the country. The prime minister
further said, "I am convinced that if our youth are given proper guidance and
financial support through micro credit schemes and better access to innovative
technology, they can play their positive role in development of the country."

The meeting was also attended by Minister for Finance Ishaq Dar, Chairperson
Prime Minister Youth Scheme (PMYS) Ms Mariam Nawaz, Secretary Finance Dr Waqar
Masood and other high government officials attended the meeting.

Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Scheme Maryam Nawaz briefed the prime minister
on the progress on youth scheme. She said, "Today we have fulfilled another
promise made with the youth of Pakistan." "Transparency and merit are hallmark
of our programme and we believe in disbursing capital and imparting skills for
development of our youth."

She briefed the PM that government had earmarked Rs 3.5 billion for the
interest-free loan for the beneficiaries from all over the country, which would
be disbursed through Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund. Each federating unit has
been given share as per the NFC Award with the primary focus on rural areas.

Each beneficiary will receive up to Rs 50,000 through the Interest-Free Loan
Scheme and one million people will get the benefit from the scheme. Proper loan
centres and business support centres will be formed to facilitate the
beneficiaries, she further said.

Maryam also briefed the PM about progress on the other programme of PMYS. She
told the premier that training of selected youths in PM Youth Skill Development
Programme had commenced from May 12. Some 25,000 youths, of the underdeveloped
areas from all over the country, would be imparted training in 100 disciplines
under this programme. The duration of training programme is 4-6 months for
various disciplines and will cost Rs 800 million. About 35 per cent quota is
allocated for female keeping in view the government's policy of empowering the
women in the country.

The allocation of seats is according to the population in the federating units,
based on NFC Award. The basic aim of the scheme was to train the youth in
different disciplines to make them self-sufficient. The Skill Development
Programme was focused to channel the talent and energies of the youths so that
they could earn their livelihood and meet the challenges of the modern world,
she said.

Maryam told the premier that the PM Fee Disbursement Scheme would benefit
approximately 33,000 eligible students, during the current financial year. The
students doing M Phil and PhD from 59 districts will avail provision of tuition
fee and other education charges. The government will meet all the expenses, she
said.

Briefing the prime minister on PM Laptop Scheme, chairperson of PMYS said that
all MS, M Phil and PhD scholars of public sector universities would be eligible.
There will be a special quota for disabled, she added. The students would be
selected upon their performance, she said. Bright students of polytechnic
institutions will also be eligible.

PM was told that the M/s HAIER Electrical Appliances, the company which got the
contract will assemble 10,000 laptops in Pakistan and from next year 100 per
cent distributed laptops will be assembled in Pakistan. Every laptop will have
an EVO device with three months of free-internet connection. The company will
also offer internship to selected students. The company will establish e-
education rooms in two universities where 14 software will be installed free of
cost. The distribution of laptops will start in June with first tranche of
10,000 laptops.

PM said, "Establishment of assembling plants is a step in the right direction I
am happy that this scheme was examined and vetted by Transparency International
and is being appreciated by them," PM added.

Meeting also reviewed the arrangements of 2nd ballot of PM Youth Business Loan
Scheme. Maryam said that next balloting of youth loan scheme would be carried
out next month. "I am personally supervising the program and ensuring
coordination between all the departments for better efficiency," she added.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan: Provinces to get equitable share under Youth Business Loan Scheme: PM

LENGTH: 352  words

DATELINE: SWAT


SWAT, Jan. 16 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Wednesday said all provinces would
get equitable share under the PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme.

Addressing the applicants of loan hailing from Swat, Malakand and Dir, the Prime
Minister said the loans would be dispensed in accordance with the population
ratio of each province.

The Prime Minister said if the received applicants from a province were less in
number, the other provinces would not fill the gap. Instead, he said, the loans
for that particular province would be transferred to next month.

He said the applications for business loans would be decided purely on merit
regardless of affiliation with any political group.

He said neither prime minister nor a minister could recommend a person seeking
loan under this scheme.

Nawaz said as a prime minister, he had the responsibility to give utmost support
and patronage to the youth of this country.

Prime Minister Sharif urged the youth to get self-reliant by prudently utilizing
the business loans and contribute to the national economy.

He asked the youth of Khyber Pukhtunkhwa and Federally Administered Tribal Areas
particularly to benefit from this scheme as they had faced huge challenges in
the recent past for their sacrifices for peace in their area.

He said this was the first time that banks were catering to common people
seeking loans.

He mentioned that eighty per cent people in China, America, United Kingdom,
France and Germany belonged to middle class who had a major contribution to the
economies of their countries.

Nawaz Sharif interacted with several loan aspirants and inquired about their
plans for business.

Governor KPK Engineer Shaukatullah, Minister for Information Senator Pervaiz
Rasheed, Minister for Religious Affairs Sardar Muhammad Yusuf, Advisor to PM
Amir Muqam, Deputy Speaker National Assembly Murtaza Javed Abbasi and Chairman
National Bank of Pakistan Muneer Kamal were present

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

'Youth loan scheme a roaring success'

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 310

LENGTH: 232  words


The Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme is a roaring success, said the
Chairperson of the Prime Minister's Youth Programme Leila Khan on Thursday.

'The 93 per cent recovery of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme is a
big evidence of its remarkable success,' she said while chairing a meeting of
the National Bank of Pakistan's team working on the Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loans Scheme here.

She expressed satisfaction at the momentum gained in disbursement of loans among
potential entrepreneurs under the scheme. It was informed that the National Bank
of Pakistan has so far disbursed Rs17.1 billion among 17,045 borrowers across
the country.

The recovery rate of the loans is 93%, which is a remarkable achievement in the
context of banking sector average in this regard,, not only in the local market
but internationally as well.

Ms Leila Khan appreciated the efforts of the National Bank of Pakistan in
streamlining the loan application processing and disbursement process through a
proactive approach under the Active Sales Model.

She hoped that the NBP would further capitalise on its achievements made,
especially in December 2016 when the bank distributed 6,669 loans worth Rs6.3
billion among the potential entrepreneurs.

"It is also heartening to note that the entrepreneurship culture is being
promoted in the country as per the vision of the prime minister," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                  June 5, 1996

Making fund accessible to rural youths

BYLINE: By Abu Yamin Salam

SECTION: National; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: Malacca


MALACCA, Tues. - A system to make accessible RM20 million a year from
Tabung Kumpulan Wang Amanah Pembagunan Ekonomi Belia to more people in the
rural areas is being finalised.

Youth and Sports Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin said the Treasury was
negotiating with several banks on the matter before choosing the network.

He said an effective banking system was needed to ensure proper
disbursement of loan and collection of payments.

"The Government has approved RM100 million for the fund under the
Seventh Malaysia Plan and RM20 million is to be issued each year for small
scale businesses through a bank," he told reporters after giving a talk on
the youth entrepreneurship development fund at Maktab Rendah Sains Mara in
Jasin, 35km from here today.

Pending the appointment of the bank, loans would be given out through
the respective State Culture, Youth and Sports offices.

Muhyiddin said his Ministry was also negotiating with the Treasury on
the possibility of bringing forward the balance each year in anticipation
of better response from the young business community.

"At present the more important issue is getting youths to make optimum
use of the loan facility provided by the fund," he said.

"Equally important is getting them to pay back the loan."

Muhyiddin said the fund was frozen in 1992, four years after it was
introduced, due to bad loan servicing, with repayments received from only
40 per cent of borrowers.

About RM27 million was issued in the four years to 1,720 borrowers, most
of whom are engaged in small businesses like cottage industries, food
processing and handicraft making.

"However, after studying the problems, the Government decided to re-
launch the two-pronged scheme to provide entrepreneurship training and
exposure to the youths, besides helping them in their business ventures,"
he said.

He also said legal action would be taken against those who deliberately
refused to settle their debts, while those with technical problems would
be given extra time to do so.

Some amount of flexibility is accorded in the present scheme whereby
borrowers only start repayment after one year of receiving the loan, as
against six months in the previous schedule.

The borrowers can settle their loans in three, five or 10 years
depending on the amount they borrow.

In his address to some 600 youths, Muhyiddin said the present maximum
loan was RM50,000 at two per cent interest.

He said there were requests for the maximum rate to be increased but the
Ministry felt that the original amount was reasonable as most people only
borrowed between RM10,000 and RM30,000.

Muhyiddin also emphasised the need for youths to change their
perspective towards business and entreprenuership.


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1996 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              554 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

JS Bank to offer subsidized loans to cab drivers

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 336

LENGTH: 195  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Leila Khan on Monday chaired a
meeting on Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme at Prime Minister's
Office with a delegation from JS Bank, led by its President and CEO, Khalid
Imran.

During the meeting, JS Bank apprised the Chairperson of its commitment to offer
a financing facility under Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme, in
collaboration with CAREEM, an online cab booking service.

Under this arrangement, JS Bank will offer subsidized loans at 6% mark-up rate
to potential cab drivers for buying cars to run their cab service business. The
cabs under this scheme will be properly insured, and fitted with tracker
facility.

JS Bank, one of the leading SME financing banks with around Rs. 11 Billion SME
portfolio, is processing loan applications under this scheme initially through
its 15 hub branches in 10 major cities across the country.

Ms Leila Khan, Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme appreciated the
efforts of JS Bank in developing a viable banking product for creating more
business and employment opportunities for youth, using the platform of Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Youth loan scheme

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. XLIX No. 353

LENGTH: 601  words


Since the announcement of the youth loan scheme by Maryam Nawaz, the Chairperson
of the scheme while her father the Prime Minister and his Finance Minister
looked on, has become the subject of much criticism. The latest salvo against
the scheme was hurled by parliamentarians for what was termed 'tough conditions'
for the loans that include the need for a guarantor who must show proof of
assets one a half times the loan or in the event that there is no guarantor the
prospective borrower must show assets one a half times the loan amount
requested. One, of course, can understand a bank's insistence that collateral be
sufficient to ensure a return of the loan, a standard normal operating procedure
for banks throughout the world; however critics legitimately point out that no
guarantor other than a close family member would be willing to take the risk of
being a guarantor and may opt to lend the money rather than act as a guarantor
with associated risks and interest payments. Similarly, if a borrower has one a
half times the amount he/she may also opt not to borrow. In short, this scheme
as it stands today would not be conducive to the unemployed and the poor to
benefit from. In its defence the government has pointed out that conditions were
set by banks.

To make the youth scheme a success the government needs to first identify its
target group and then proceed with setting up an appropriate mechanism to meet
its objectives. The Prime Minister stated that the scheme envisages loans of
between one lakh and 20 lakhs. The range of loans implies that the target group
is not only the poor and the vulnerable with no collateral and with possibly no
guarantor requiring microfinance (loans up to 3 lakh rupee - a component of
Benazir Income Support Programme targeting women as well as their male
relatives) but also someone who desires to set up a small enterprise. State Bank
of Pakistan has a separate legal framework under which microfinance banks are
allowed to operate and includes a minimum paid up capital for a nation-wide
microfinance of 1 billion rupees. Thus a well thought out scheme would have
separated those requiring microfinance from those wanting to set up small-scale
enterprises and revisited the BISP eligibility with possible expansion to
include the educated youth (men and women).

In spite of being more than 50 microfinance banks in Pakistan there is a lot of
room for improvement. Microfinance banks lack funding (which could be provided
through the youth scheme), require capacity building (which again could be
undertaken by the government) and product innovation must be supported.

Those who wish to borrow from 3 or 4 lakhs up to 20 lakhs must be allowed to pay
the rate of interest that was originally agreed. Thus if the rate agreed is 8
percent per annum then that must be the rate applicable till the loan is repaid.
However, problems may occur if a borrower is unable to meet the repayment as
scheduled and vigilance is required to ensure that the borrower is not simply
relying on a loan write off - a malaise rooted in political compulsions and much
in evidence in our banking sector with high non-performing loans (NPLs). It is
hoped that the lending banks be granted independence to monitor and verify the
state of the business prior to identifying a loan as an NPL.

To conclude, there are several impediments to the youth loan scheme that require
ironing out and the government would be well advised not to dismiss concerns and
good advice by the opposition and instead use them to meet its primary objective
namely to make the scheme a resounding success.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Youth loan scheme

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. XLIX No. 353

LENGTH: 601  words


Since the announcement of the youth loan scheme by Maryam Nawaz, the Chairperson
of the scheme while her father the Prime Minister and his Finance Minister
looked on, has become the subject of much criticism. The latest salvo against
the scheme was hurled by parliamentarians for what was termed 'tough conditions'
for the loans that include the need for a guarantor who must show proof of
assets one a half times the loan or in the event that there is no guarantor the
prospective borrower must show assets one a half times the loan amount
requested. One, of course, can understand a bank's insistence that collateral be
sufficient to ensure a return of the loan, a standard normal operating procedure
for banks throughout the world; however critics legitimately point out that no
guarantor other than a close family member would be willing to take the risk of
being a guarantor and may opt to lend the money rather than act as a guarantor
with associated risks and interest payments. Similarly, if a borrower has one a
half times the amount he/she may also opt not to borrow. In short, this scheme
as it stands today would not be conducive to the unemployed and the poor to
benefit from. In its defence the government has pointed out that conditions were
set by banks.

To make the youth scheme a success the government needs to first identify its
target group and then proceed with setting up an appropriate mechanism to meet
its objectives. The Prime Minister stated that the scheme envisages loans of
between one lakh and 20 lakhs. The range of loans implies that the target group
is not only the poor and the vulnerable with no collateral and with possibly no
guarantor requiring microfinance (loans up to 3 lakh rupee - a component of
Benazir Income Support Programme targeting women as well as their male
relatives) but also someone who desires to set up a small enterprise. State Bank
of Pakistan has a separate legal framework under which microfinance banks are
allowed to operate and includes a minimum paid up capital for a nation-wide
microfinance of 1 billion rupees. Thus a well thought out scheme would have
separated those requiring microfinance from those wanting to set up small-scale
enterprises and revisited the BISP eligibility with possible expansion to
include the educated youth (men and women).

In spite of being more than 50 microfinance banks in Pakistan there is a lot of
room for improvement. Microfinance banks lack funding (which could be provided
through the youth scheme), require capacity building (which again could be
undertaken by the government) and product innovation must be supported.

Those who wish to borrow from 3 or 4 lakhs up to 20 lakhs must be allowed to pay
the rate of interest that was originally agreed. Thus if the rate agreed is 8
percent per annum then that must be the rate applicable till the loan is repaid.
However, problems may occur if a borrower is unable to meet the repayment as
scheduled and vigilance is required to ensure that the borrower is not simply
relying on a loan write off - a malaise rooted in political compulsions and much
in evidence in our banking sector with high non-performing loans (NPLs). It is
hoped that the lending banks be granted independence to monitor and verify the
state of the business prior to identifying a loan as an NPL.

To conclude, there are several impediments to the youth loan scheme that require
ironing out and the government would be well advised not to dismiss concerns and
good advice by the opposition and instead use them to meet its primary objective
namely to make the scheme a resounding success.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Youth loan scheme

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. XLIX No. 353

LENGTH: 601  words


Since the announcement of the youth loan scheme by Maryam Nawaz, the Chairperson
of the scheme while her father the Prime Minister and his Finance Minister
looked on, has become the subject of much criticism. The latest salvo against
the scheme was hurled by parliamentarians for what was termed 'tough conditions'
for the loans that include the need for a guarantor who must show proof of
assets one a half times the loan or in the event that there is no guarantor the
prospective borrower must show assets one a half times the loan amount
requested. One, of course, can understand a bank's insistence that collateral be
sufficient to ensure a return of the loan, a standard normal operating procedure
for banks throughout the world; however critics legitimately point out that no
guarantor other than a close family member would be willing to take the risk of
being a guarantor and may opt to lend the money rather than act as a guarantor
with associated risks and interest payments. Similarly, if a borrower has one a
half times the amount he/she may also opt not to borrow. In short, this scheme
as it stands today would not be conducive to the unemployed and the poor to
benefit from. In its defence the government has pointed out that conditions were
set by banks.

To make the youth scheme a success the government needs to first identify its
target group and then proceed with setting up an appropriate mechanism to meet
its objectives. The Prime Minister stated that the scheme envisages loans of
between one lakh and 20 lakhs. The range of loans implies that the target group
is not only the poor and the vulnerable with no collateral and with possibly no
guarantor requiring microfinance (loans up to 3 lakh rupee - a component of
Benazir Income Support Programme targeting women as well as their male
relatives) but also someone who desires to set up a small enterprise. State Bank
of Pakistan has a separate legal framework under which microfinance banks are
allowed to operate and includes a minimum paid up capital for a nation-wide
microfinance of 1 billion rupees. Thus a well thought out scheme would have
separated those requiring microfinance from those wanting to set up small-scale
enterprises and revisited the BISP eligibility with possible expansion to
include the educated youth (men and women).

In spite of being more than 50 microfinance banks in Pakistan there is a lot of
room for improvement. Microfinance banks lack funding (which could be provided
through the youth scheme), require capacity building (which again could be
undertaken by the government) and product innovation must be supported.

Those who wish to borrow from 3 or 4 lakhs up to 20 lakhs must be allowed to pay
the rate of interest that was originally agreed. Thus if the rate agreed is 8
percent per annum then that must be the rate applicable till the loan is repaid.
However, problems may occur if a borrower is unable to meet the repayment as
scheduled and vigilance is required to ensure that the borrower is not simply
relying on a loan write off - a malaise rooted in political compulsions and much
in evidence in our banking sector with high non-performing loans (NPLs). It is
hoped that the lending banks be granted independence to monitor and verify the
state of the business prior to identifying a loan as an NPL.

To conclude, there are several impediments to the youth loan scheme that require
ironing out and the government would be well advised not to dismiss concerns and
good advice by the opposition and instead use them to meet its primary objective
namely to make the scheme a resounding success.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Youth loan scheme

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. XLIX No. 353

LENGTH: 601  words


Since the announcement of the youth loan scheme by Maryam Nawaz, the Chairperson
of the scheme while her father the Prime Minister and his Finance Minister
looked on, has become the subject of much criticism. The latest salvo against
the scheme was hurled by parliamentarians for what was termed 'tough conditions'
for the loans that include the need for a guarantor who must show proof of
assets one a half times the loan or in the event that there is no guarantor the
prospective borrower must show assets one a half times the loan amount
requested. One, of course, can understand a bank's insistence that collateral be
sufficient to ensure a return of the loan, a standard normal operating procedure
for banks throughout the world; however critics legitimately point out that no
guarantor other than a close family member would be willing to take the risk of
being a guarantor and may opt to lend the money rather than act as a guarantor
with associated risks and interest payments. Similarly, if a borrower has one a
half times the amount he/she may also opt not to borrow. In short, this scheme
as it stands today would not be conducive to the unemployed and the poor to
benefit from. In its defence the government has pointed out that conditions were
set by banks.

To make the youth scheme a success the government needs to first identify its
target group and then proceed with setting up an appropriate mechanism to meet
its objectives. The Prime Minister stated that the scheme envisages loans of
between one lakh and 20 lakhs. The range of loans implies that the target group
is not only the poor and the vulnerable with no collateral and with possibly no
guarantor requiring microfinance (loans up to 3 lakh rupee - a component of
Benazir Income Support Programme targeting women as well as their male
relatives) but also someone who desires to set up a small enterprise. State Bank
of Pakistan has a separate legal framework under which microfinance banks are
allowed to operate and includes a minimum paid up capital for a nation-wide
microfinance of 1 billion rupees. Thus a well thought out scheme would have
separated those requiring microfinance from those wanting to set up small-scale
enterprises and revisited the BISP eligibility with possible expansion to
include the educated youth (men and women).

In spite of being more than 50 microfinance banks in Pakistan there is a lot of
room for improvement. Microfinance banks lack funding (which could be provided
through the youth scheme), require capacity building (which again could be
undertaken by the government) and product innovation must be supported.

Those who wish to borrow from 3 or 4 lakhs up to 20 lakhs must be allowed to pay
the rate of interest that was originally agreed. Thus if the rate agreed is 8
percent per annum then that must be the rate applicable till the loan is repaid.
However, problems may occur if a borrower is unable to meet the repayment as
scheduled and vigilance is required to ensure that the borrower is not simply
relying on a loan write off - a malaise rooted in political compulsions and much
in evidence in our banking sector with high non-performing loans (NPLs). It is
hoped that the lending banks be granted independence to monitor and verify the
state of the business prior to identifying a loan as an NPL.

To conclude, there are several impediments to the youth loan scheme that require
ironing out and the government would be well advised not to dismiss concerns and
good advice by the opposition and instead use them to meet its primary objective
namely to make the scheme a resounding success.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            December 2, 2011 Friday

HNB partnership to empower youth skills

LENGTH: 322  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Dec. 2 -- Empowering the youth of Sri Lanka, the Hatton National Bank
(HNB) entered into partnership with eight leading corporate businesses to
broadbase opportunities for youth under its Yauwanabhimana initiative.

The programme is aimed at providing those between 18 to 30 years with resources,
skills and tools they need to become more employable individuals with the
ability to obtain employment in the corporate sector or successfully manage
self-employment endeavours of their own.

The eight partner entities of the youth empowerment programme are Hayleys, CIC,
DIMO, Dialog, Holcim, the British Council, the Colombo University and the World
University Society of Canada.

This initiative is a collective power of respected corporate businesses and will
adopt a clinical process following an in-depth research.

There will be five key areas of focus such as corporate business, construction,
telecommunication, mechanical engineering and agriculture to harness youth
potential, HNB Managing Director and CEO Rajendra Theagarajah said.

"We need to prevent the uprisings that Sri Lanka experienced in the past by
offering the youth to embark on a journey to realize their full potential. The
aspirations of young people could be fuelled through initiatives such as
Yauwanabhimana and that could change their mindset to go beyond expectations,"
HNB Marketing and Retail Deputy General Manager Chandula Abeywickrama said.

The HNB Yauwanabhimana will also provide special financial services such as
savings, lending and loan facilities.

These also include education loans, vehicle loans, personal loans, housing loans
and micro finance loans tailored to suit the requirements of a budding
generation of business minded youth. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Miadhu (Maldives)

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Govt could provide better financing schemes based on public " support- President

BYLINE: Moosawaheed

LENGTH: 210  words


President Abdulla Yameen Abdul Gayoom has said that " Government could provide
better financing schemes based on the " support received from the public.

He made this remark at the ceremony held to " hand over the loan documents to
the successful applicants of the " Governments loan scheme aimed at modernizing
the traditional vessels " and increase youth engagement in the fisheries sector.
The award " letters were presented at a ceremony held at the Presidents Office.
"

Under the loan scheme, Government issued MVR8.6 million " worth of loans to 14
fishermen and boat owners."

Speaking at the ceremony, President Yameen underlined the " numerous challenges
facing the fisheries sector of the country.

In this " regard, the President expressed hope that the loan scheme would be an
" important initiative to stimulate the youth and improve the " fundamentals of
the Maldivian economy. "

Noting that 60% of the loan scheme was earmarked for the " youth, President
Yameen stated that it was part of the Government " effort to increase youth
involvement in the development of the " countrys economy.

Underscoring the low response received by the youth for such " schemes,
President Yameen urged the Maldivian youth to make best use " of these available
opportunities.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2015 Miadhu
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 28, 2012 Saturday

Pakistan: Rs 12 bln allocated for Wasela-i-Haq programme: Farzana

LENGTH: 541 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Jan. 28 -- Sindh Government and Benazir Income Support Programme have
jointly launched 'Wasela-e-Haq Programme' for self-employment of educated youth
of the province by providing soft and interest-free loan of Rs 0.3 million each.

Sindh Government has allocated Rs 12 billion for this

revolutionary programme initiated and directed by President Zardari.

This initiative will be supported and executed within the system

of Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP).

Balloting will be held for this purpose on Friday (Jan. 27) , said Chairperson
of BISP, Ms. Farzana Raja during the

signing ceremony of this new programme, here at the Chief Minister

House on Thursday.

This process would be completed within next one or one and a half

month, she said. The software for this purpose is ready.

Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah, Sindh Ministers including

Syed Murad Ali Shah, Agha Siraj Durrani, Haji Muzzafar Shujra,

Ms. Shazia Atta Mari also witnessed the ceremony.

Ms. Farzana Raja said that under the first phase , around 35,000

youth would be given the loan from a pool of half million youth

through balloting. One year would be given as the grace period and the

re-payment of the loan would start in the second year. The loan would

be provided after re-verification of the successful applicants in the

balloting that they have no other source of income or job. It is

possible that the names of such youth are included in this poop of

half million sorted out from the data available with BISP, but later

they would have been able to get a job.

" Only after reverification of the status of unemployed youth,

we would issue the cheque of loan," he

The youth eligible for this loan should be of 19 to 35 years age

group with minimum qualification of matriculation. The applicants

should not have other source of income. The purpose of this programme

is to support those families who were in genuine need of employment

and livelihood. Both male and female would be covered.

They would also be provided short training so that they could

successfully do their businesses, she said adding that this program is

technology based.

Mr Farzana Raja said that this would Union Council based to ensure

equal support to the people of Sindh.

She said that this programme would be expanded in future and more

youth would be covered as there is a large number of educated un-

employed youth in the province , like in other areas of the country.

She also informed that another programme named 'Wasela-e-Taaleem'

in pipeline under the PISP.

Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah said that providing loan

to around 35,000 youth would actually support at least 0.25 million

people besides generating indirect employment especially in remote

areas.

He said the PPP-led government has spent Rs 100 billion on

different programmes of poverty alleviation and socio-economic uplift

of the people in the province.

Earlier, Sindh Minister for Finance Syed Murad Ali Shah said that

President Asif Ali Zardari had directed Sindh Government and BISP to

start the 'Wasela-e-Haq' programme within ten days. "We demanded 15

days. But today is 9th day , we did our job," he explained.

He said this entire process would be very transparent and merit

based Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Apply for the loan if feeling lucky

LENGTH: 337  words


As many as 15,000 applicants for the 'Youth Business Loan Scheme' will be lent
monthly credit through a lucky draw, said Member National Assembly (MNA) Marvi
Memon, as she explained the mechanism of the government's initiative to help
budding entrepreneurs in running their ventures.

Memon, who is also a coordinator for the loan scheme, said that monitoring
committees are being formed to oversee the project.

The initiative is the government's delivery of a promise made during the
election campaign. The Youth Business Loan, which is part of the larger 'Prime
Minister's Youth Programme', is designed to provide subsidised financing at 8%
mark-up per annum for 100,000 beneficiaries through the National Bank of
Pakistan and First Women Bank..

Memon said one representative from the PML-N and four from the business
community and the banking sector will comprise the district level committees.

The scheme will provide credit of Rs100,000 to Rs2 million to new and old
entrepreneurs.

"The committee will monitor the whole range of activity from submission of forms
to release of loan, its utilisation and repay," said Memon.

Marvi expressed hope that the loan scheme will boost the country's economy and
also help reduce the level of unemployment in the country.

The MNA said that the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA)
has prepared at least 50 business plans which will be shared with the loan
recipients.

"Smeda is being involved to develop the youth's skills and will also help to
develop the business plan in more than 50 areas of business."

FCCI hails initiative

Meanwhile, Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce & Industry (FCCI) President Engineer
Suhail Bin Rashid welcomed the development, saying the initiative will help the
country in overcoming issues of employment and, to an extent, drive the economy
forward as well.

He said that developed countries promote entrepreneurship and pointed out this
as a reason for their prosperity.

Rashid urged the youth to apply for loans and utilise their abilities.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Apply for the loan if feeling lucky

LENGTH: 337  words


As many as 15,000 applicants for the 'Youth Business Loan Scheme' will be lent
monthly credit through a lucky draw, said Member National Assembly (MNA) Marvi
Memon, as she explained the mechanism of the government's initiative to help
budding entrepreneurs in running their ventures.

Memon, who is also a coordinator for the loan scheme, said that monitoring
committees are being formed to oversee the project.

The initiative is the government's delivery of a promise made during the
election campaign. The Youth Business Loan, which is part of the larger 'Prime
Minister's Youth Programme', is designed to provide subsidised financing at 8%
mark-up per annum for 100,000 beneficiaries through the National Bank of
Pakistan and First Women Bank..

Memon said one representative from the PML-N and four from the business
community and the banking sector will comprise the district level committees.

The scheme will provide credit of Rs100,000 to Rs2 million to new and old
entrepreneurs.

"The committee will monitor the whole range of activity from submission of forms
to release of loan, its utilisation and repay," said Memon.

Marvi expressed hope that the loan scheme will boost the country's economy and
also help reduce the level of unemployment in the country.

The MNA said that the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA)
has prepared at least 50 business plans which will be shared with the loan
recipients.

"Smeda is being involved to develop the youth's skills and will also help to
develop the business plan in more than 50 areas of business."

FCCI hails initiative

Meanwhile, Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce & Industry (FCCI) President Engineer
Suhail Bin Rashid welcomed the development, saying the initiative will help the
country in overcoming issues of employment and, to an extent, drive the economy
forward as well.

He said that developed countries promote entrepreneurship and pointed out this
as a reason for their prosperity.

Rashid urged the youth to apply for loans and utilise their abilities.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Apply for the loan if feeling lucky

LENGTH: 337  words


As many as 15,000 applicants for the 'Youth Business Loan Scheme' will be lent
monthly credit through a lucky draw, said Member National Assembly (MNA) Marvi
Memon, as she explained the mechanism of the government's initiative to help
budding entrepreneurs in running their ventures.

Memon, who is also a coordinator for the loan scheme, said that monitoring
committees are being formed to oversee the project.

The initiative is the government's delivery of a promise made during the
election campaign. The Youth Business Loan, which is part of the larger 'Prime
Minister's Youth Programme', is designed to provide subsidised financing at 8%
mark-up per annum for 100,000 beneficiaries through the National Bank of
Pakistan and First Women Bank..

Memon said one representative from the PML-N and four from the business
community and the banking sector will comprise the district level committees.

The scheme will provide credit of Rs100,000 to Rs2 million to new and old
entrepreneurs.

"The committee will monitor the whole range of activity from submission of forms
to release of loan, its utilisation and repay," said Memon.

Marvi expressed hope that the loan scheme will boost the country's economy and
also help reduce the level of unemployment in the country.

The MNA said that the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA)
has prepared at least 50 business plans which will be shared with the loan
recipients.

"Smeda is being involved to develop the youth's skills and will also help to
develop the business plan in more than 50 areas of business."

FCCI hails initiative

Meanwhile, Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce & Industry (FCCI) President Engineer
Suhail Bin Rashid welcomed the development, saying the initiative will help the
country in overcoming issues of employment and, to an extent, drive the economy
forward as well.

He said that developed countries promote entrepreneurship and pointed out this
as a reason for their prosperity.

Rashid urged the youth to apply for loans and utilise their abilities.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            August 28, 2010 Saturday

YSEP cake fails to bake

LENGTH: 630  words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Aug. 28 -- All hopes of self-employment for youth under the
government's Youth Self Employment Programme (YSEP) have faded with the
government failing to implement the programme over the last two years.

Although the CPN (UML)-led government continued the programme with some
extrapolations that had originally been started by the then Maoist-led
government, the current government was able to only provide loans to 80 rickshaw
pullers in Dhangadhi under YSEP. Providing loans to the rickshaw pullers to own
their rickshaws that they were driving on rent was a new addition in the
programme made by the UML-led government the last fiscal year. The achievement
is far lower than that of providing loans to 5,000 rickshaw pullers last year.

But, youths seeking loans to start their own business in agriculture, small
industries, forest related enterprises, based on traditional skills and also for
running training institutes to coach unemployed youths have not got loans.

A senior official at MoF said that the government gave low priority to the
programme as it was initiated by the Maoist-led government. "It is a question of
ownership," said the MoF official. However, the incumbent government has added
the provision of loans to rickshaw pullers and started providing them loans too.

The Federation of Nepalese Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FNCCI) is also not
happy with the non-implementation of YSEP because it had provided training to
many youths willing to seek loans under the programme.

FNCCI Vice-President Pradeep Jung Pandey said that it was a tragedy not to see
the programme implemented although it was meant as an important step to address
the unemployment problem in the country. A total of 108,900 received orientation
training last fiscal year, according to MoF.

Kist Bank is providing loans to the rickshaw pullers. In order to get loans,
they have to open an account in Kist with a minimum balance of Rs 10 and then
they have to add the same amount every day for 22 days to get loan from the bank
to own their rickshaw. The bank grants loans on the 22th day to them. Then, they
should deposit Rs 35 each day to repay the loan. The bank has fixed 12 percent
interest on the loan, of which 60 percent is refunded to the loanee rickshaw
puller.

KIST CEO Kamal Gyawali said the bank had a good experience providing loans to
rickshaw pullers. "We got an additional 100 applications and we will provide
loans to them."

The government has provided Rs 100 million to Kist for this purpose, according
to the MoF. Banks and Financial Institutions (BFIs) have deposited as much as Rs
3.56 billion in the Youth and Small Entrepreneur Self-Employment Fund under
their deprived sector lending head. Nepal Rastra Bank has provisioned that loans
under this programme must be counted as deprived sector lending.

Although the government failed to implement YSEP in other areas, it amended the
existing regulations recently and got these endorsed by the MoF. The government
had promised to implement the programme by making certain changes in the
existing regulations to ensure better repayment.

As per the amendment, the self-employment fund will have a separate office with
a executive vice-chairman to run the programme. "The amendment has given higher
priority to the micro-finance modality with a group guarantee for such loans,"
said Bishnu Prasad Lamsal, joint secretary at the MoF. The ministry has also
said that no BFIs has ever presented a detailed proposal for providing loans to
any individual or group willing to get loans from banks to start a business of
its own. Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                 Copyright 2010 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

Untapped potential

LENGTH: 748  words


Youth enterprise financing has to be a priority area

P Koshy

Access to finance remains a challenge for micro and small enterprises  (MSEs).
Over the years, many high-powered committees have identified this problem and
suggested remedial measures, with limited success. But the banking and the
institutional finance system is still not very receptive to the financial needs
of a young entrepreneur. Why can't youth enterprise financing be viewed as a
priority area?

Young people are three times more likely to be unemployed than adults, and over
75 million youth worldwide are looking for work, says ILO. And in India too the
unemployment rate among the youth is high, at 10.5%. Funding youth ventures
should receive high government priority. It is to be addressed as an essential
initiative for creating more jobs in the economy.

Innovative and creative thinking is needed to resolve the challenges of this era
of market upheavals and rapid changes. It is often the youth who come up with
innovative ideas and business plans with promise. It is also true that they
often face rejection from a traditional banker. Jobs could be created in new
areas such as alternative energy technologies, resource/waste management &
recycling, and cultural, entertainment and new media sectors, where often youth
have an upper hand and interest.

The MV Nair committee on priority sector lending (2012) observed that financing
by banks under the MSE category-in which most start-ups fall-remains stagnant
and progress has been largely in terms of percentage share of credit flow, and
not in terms of the number of new ventures financed. The committee recommended
for a minimum annual growth rate of 15% in the number of accounts.

Finance remains an issue for educated young entrepreneurs when they venture into
a business of their own. Attending a professional educational programme often
involves paying a huge amount as fees. Education as an investment can surely pay
in a knowledge economy, if it is supported by additional and continuous finance
for the youth, in easy terms, post-education for launching their business
ventures. Repayment of educational loans may become an issue for banks in the
near future, in the absence new jobs to match the skills of emerging fresh
graduates.

The issue is also that of the approach of banks to new era enterprises in the
knowledge economy. Financing knowledge-based entities should be looked at with
more ease and an open mind, fully appreciating the opportunities offered by many
emerging sectors.

Funding youth entrepreneurs should be a priority and new schemes have to evolve.
For SMEs to create more jobs as well as for start-up ventures to take birth,
finance should not be a challenge. A boom in the business and technical
educational infrastructure in the country is producing lakhs of fresh
technically qualified people every year. Educational institutions have to go a
step forward, and encourage the youth to come up with their ventures and provide
them support, mentoring and facilities within the campus, by setting up business
incubators and linking them with financial institutions.

In  the UK, the government there encourages young people to launch ventures
through a scheme called "start-up loan". This has some similarities to a typical
education loan. Start-up loans provide budding entrepreneurs between the ages of
18 and 30 a series of support, including access to a business mentor and
capital. While an education loan could prove a burden if the student doesn't get
a job in the stipulated period, a start-up loan, available immediately after
education after 18 years of age, in contrast, would help the student earn and
contribute to the economy in many ways.

In yet another case, in Hull, UK, a 'youth enterprise bank' was set up in 2004.
Many stakeholders are involved such as City Council, Hull Youth Council, Chamber
of Commerce, University of Hull and local entrepreneurs. The youth enterprise
bank gives loans to young people to develop their enterprises.

In India, educational institutions can take the lead in creating entrepreneurs
through the business incubator scheme on a large scale, going beyond the
incubation and Udyami Mitra programmes of the government. For the banks to
achieve 15% growth in new loan accounts annually would mean targeting
educational institutes and incubation centres. Maybe, there is a meeting point
for finance and entrepreneurship here.

The author is associated with Samadhan Foundation. email: caushie@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                            January 21, 2011 Friday

Job scheme set to make a comeback

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 389  words


KATHMANDU: A government programme providing credit to the youth for various
self-employment activities like professional farming, small trade, animal
farming and cottage industries is being resuscitated.

The programme, which was announced in 2008, has received 6 lakh applications
within three years of commencement. However, it was discontinued after providing
self-employment loans to 28 rickshaw pullers.

The Youth and Small Entrepreneur Self-employment Fund Secretariat (YSESS) has
now been given a target to cater to the needs of 20,000 youth seeking credit
under the scheme in the current fiscal year. The secretariat has accelerated the
programme by improving its institutional set-up and evaluating proposals
forwarded by banks that are to sanction loans to the unemployed youth, according
to Secretariat Executive Director Dilli Raj Aryal. "Our target is to provide
loans to 20 thousand youth this year," Aryal informed. He said that the
secretariat will soon publish vacancy announcement to hire around a dozen
employees on contract basis to run its office.

The secretariat will be shifting to a rented house at Anamnagar within a week
from a single room on the ministry premises to increase public access. In
addition, the secretariat has called for financial and technical proposals from
training institutes to run trainings in the districts for loan beneficiaries.

During the initial days of the programme, Kist Bank had provided loan to 28
youth to purchase rickshaws in Dhangadhi. But it met with stiff opposition from
the local rickshaw owners.

"We have sanctioned 28 loans to purchase rickshaws. We also provided them with
rickshaws and trained them, but local authorities are yet to register the
rickshaws."

As per the provisions, interested youths can apply and upon being accepted can
receive short-term training. The banks then provide loans at interest rates
ranging from 10 per cent to 12 per cent.

The Secretariat now has a bank balance of Rs 4.5 billion,one-third of which
comes from banks and financial institutions' allocations for deprived sections
of the community. The government has, for the last three years, been adding Rs
1.1 billion to the fund. However, lack of institutional mechanism to run the
programme and banks developing cold feet were responsible for the programme's
suspension, according to Aryal.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     April 9, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Business loans plan launched for young jobless

BYLINE: CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 161 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


A new national initiative will enable unemployed young people to borrow up to $
15,000 to start their own businesses.

Details of the Canadian Youth Business Foundation -- which will provide loans to
jobless Canadians aged 18 to 29 -- are being announced today in Ottawa. The
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Royal Bank of Canada will sponsor the new
foundation, along with the Canadian Youth Foundation, a non-profit research
group that focuses on national youth issues.

Young entrepreneurs must meet three key requirements to be eligible, says Lucie
Bohac Konrad, executive director of the Canadian Youth Foundation.

Candidates must have some training or experience in a small business, a business
plan and a mentor in the business community.

Konrad said a pilot project will start in Ontario in May. Once established, the
program will roll out across the country.

Officials would not release details of how the loan program would work.


LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Government committed to empowering youth: Nawaz

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 1 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said on Friday that the PML-N
government was committed to empowering the youth by providing them Rs 3.7
billion in easy loans.

The prime minister said this would not only help the country but also strengthen
national economy. Speaking at the first balloting ceremony of the PM Business
Youth Loan Programme, Nawaz said that in the past up to 70 percent of youth
population had no access to loans, as only the influential businessmen were
eligible to get loans from banks. He said the youth would lead the nation,
noting that in the developed countries 80 percent of youth were playing their
role in strengthening the economy.

The prime minister said these youth would come forward and start their own
businesses in various sectors which would not only benefit them but also others
who would be employed in these businesses. Nawaz recalled that he had not raised
the slogan of changing the destiny of the nation just to get votes, rather he
was committed to providing jobs to people and make them respectable citizens.

Prime Minister Nawaz said that around 36,000 applications were received for the
loans -2,800 from Punjab, 600 from Islamabad Capital Territory, 3,500 from
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, 100 from Gilgit-Baltistan, 1,000 from Balochistan and 3,000
from Sindh. Out of these applications, he said, 6,000 were selected for
balloting, of which 5,399 would be given loans. The premier said the applicants
were selected according to the provincial quota and said the target for 2014 is
100,000 applicants. He said that the successful candidates would be informed
through SMS.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said that country's GDP showed a growth of five
percent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17 percent increase
in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded 6.6 percent till December
2013. He said that in the beginning, the government had to take some tough
decisions. "Nothing was done for the uplift of country in the past and that was
why the people were suffering from long hours of power load shedding," said
Nawaz, adding that reducing the energy crisis was the top priority of his
government.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 12, 2010 Tuesday

India: Of employment generation scheme

LENGTH: 1203  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Jan. 12 -- Performance of all banks operating in J&K State is being
reviewed today (January 11, 2010) in the 78th State Level Bankers' committee
meeting to be presided by the State finance minister Abdul Rahim Rather.
Basically it is the credit dispensation of 33 banks (20 nationalised banks, 4
private banks, 2 regional banks & 7 cooperative banks) having around 1250
branches to various sectors of economy for the first half of the current
financial year (as on September 30, 2009) which will be focused and reviewed. As
per the data available on the website of J&K SLBC, total outstanding credit of
these banks at the end of the September 2009 is Rs.15,893.32 Crore. Among major
credit sharing players, it is J&K Bank which has the largest share of Rs.11,062
Crore comprising 70% in the aggregate outstanding credit.

State Bank of India's share is Rs.1,425.76 Crore (9 per cent) and Punjab
National Bank has a share of Rs.794.86 Crore which is just 5 per cent of the
total outstanding credit. Once again it is the dismal performance of banks in
government sponsored schemes, which is a major concern. Take the case of Swaran
Jayanti Gram Swarozgar Yojana (SGSY). The objective of the scheme is to bring
poor families above poverty line by providing them income generating asets
through amix of bank credit and government subsidy. The ticket size of the loan
is Rs. 0.50 lakh to Rs. 3 lakhs. Under annual credit plan 2009-10, banks were
given a target to cover 10,992 such persons and disburse loans to the tune of
Rs.59.74 Crore. But at the end of September 2009, banks have disbursed Rs.12.46
Crore to 2,637 beneficiaries (achievement of 21% and 24% in financial and
physical terms respectively). J&K Bank is the major contributor with Rs.5.40
Crore. State Bank of India has given loans to the tune of Rs.1.27 Crore, while
as Punjab National Bank has contributed just Rs.0.49 Crore. In 2008 two central
government schemes Prime Minister's Rojgar Yojana (PMRY) and Rural Employment
Generation Programme (REGP) were merged and a new credit linked subsidy
programme- Prime Minister's Employment Generation Programme (PMEG) was
introduced. With the objective to generate employment opportunities in rural as
well as urban areas of the country through setting up of new self-employment
ventures/ projects/ micro enterprises, the ticket size of the loan has been
fixed at Rs.25 lakhs for manufacturing sector and Rs.10 lakhs for the
business/service sector. The government shall be extending 15 to 35 per cent
subsidy under the programme. The banks, under the programme, have covered just
931 youth with a credit disbursement of Rs.21.42 crore as against the annual
target of Rs.119.87 Crore for 5,135 youth. This is just 18 per cent achievement
of the given target. Notably, out of 931 units, J&K Bank is major contributor as
it has financed 657 units. State Bank of India has financed 82 units, while as
and Punjab National Bank has contributed 40 units. The state government
sponsored scheme, well known as J&K State Employment Scheme (JKSES), was
introduced as a financial way out for the local entrepreneurs in individual
capacity or in joint venture/ groups to carve out their living by establishing
small units. The ticket size of the loan scheme ranges from Rs. 2 lakhs to Rs.10
lakhs depending upon the line of activity. Besides interest subsidy by the
government, the scheme envisages government assistance by way of margin money
contribution up to 15 per cent of the project cost. Under the schemes, banks
have disbursed an amount of Rs.14.21 Crore to 710 beneficiaries during the
period under review against the annual target of Rs.99.09 Crore for 5,861
beneficiaries, thus registering an achievement of 14% in financial terms and 12%
of the physical target. Here again, whatever the achievement of the given
target, J&K Bank has emerged as the major contributor with disbursement of
Rs.9.19 Crore to 440 units. SBI and PNB have contributed just Rs.1.98 Crore to
115 units and 1.68 Crore to 97 units respectively. We have a central government
scheme - Swaran Jayanti Shahri Rozgar Yogna (SJSRY) - tailored to provide
employment to unemployed/ under employed urban poor youth through establishment
of self-employment ventures. This is a scheme to support skill development and
training programmes to enable the urban poor to have employment opportunities
also. Maximum loan of Rs.2 loan is given to individuals and for urban women self
help groups there is no ceiling in the loan amount under the scheme. The
objective of the schemes stands defeated here, as the banks have disbursed an
amount of Rs.1.55 Crore to 294 beneficiaries (as on September 30, 2009) against
the target of Rs.12.09 Crore for 2,331 beneficiaries, thus recording mere 13%
achievement. Why government sponsored schemes have failed in our state to engage
unemployed youth in self employment ventures? We have seen a youth financed by
the bank for his self employment venture outside the ambit of government
sponsored schemes, shows enthusiasm in his line of activity and gives his best
to earn and repay the loan well on time. Contrary to this, a youth is financed
under any of these government sponsored schemes, looks out more for creating
situations to avoid repayment of the loan. It is in this case, the
identification of the youth by the sponsoring agencies is questionable.
Instances galore that at the time of processing a case, the youth who is
referred as beneficiary, is given an impression that chances are bright that the
loan amount may be waived off in future apart from getting government subsidy.
Taking advantage of the meaning of word 'beneficiary' - one who receives
anything as a gift- the youth is given to understand that he doesn't need to
think of repaying the loan. This kind of official backing, which is not without
a cost, is ironical. Scenario It is a hard fact that the banks' substantial
amount blocked in these schemes is primarily because of most of the time
selection of borrowers has not been prudently done. There are cases of the
beneficiaries of these schemes who are government employees. There is need to
launch an investigation into these fake beneficiaries, who have failed to repay
the loan taken under these government sponsored schemes, on war footing. The
cases should be registered against them and the officials of the sponsoring
agencies responsible for sponsoring them to the banks. Meanwhile, even as the
state government is organizing 5 days employment fair at each district to
disseminate information to the general public and youth in particular, about
these self employment schemes/programmes being implemented by various
departments/agencies, the need of the hour is to have a transparent way of
identifying genuine unemployed youth. In the identification process, the role of
banks should not be over looked. In fact, banks should be allowed to identify
such youth in their area of operation and bring them under the ambit of self
employment schemes, be it state or central government sponsored scheme.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

CM: Loans to be provided to 5 lakh youths

LENGTH: 542 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, July 18 -- Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that under
Chief Minister's Self Employment Scheme and Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana, loans
will be provided to 5 lakh youths in the state this year. Lands will be
identified for industries of young entrepreneurs in every district.

Chouhan was addressing a state-level self employment convention here Sunday.
Panchayats and Rural Development Minister Gopal Bhargava, Animal Husbandry,
Cottage and Village Industries and Environment Minister Antar Singh Arya, Urban
Development and Housing Minister Maya Singh, Minister of State for MSME
(Independent charge) Sanjay Pathak, Minister of State for Backward Classes and
Minorities Welfare and Woman and Child Development Lalita Yadav and Chief
Secretary Anthony de Sa were present on the occasion.

The Chief Minister said that loans upto Rs one crore will be provided to 10,000
youths this year to set up industrial units under Mukhyamantri Yuva Udyami
Yojana and Central government's Start-Up Project. Amount of loan under
Mukhyamantri Arthik Kalyan Yojana will be increased from Rs 20,000 to Rs 50,000.
Limit of loan under Mukhyamantri Swarozgar Yojana will also be increased from Rs
50,000 upto Rs 10 lakh.

Beneficiary Guarantee Card will be issued under this scheme. Land diversion
process will be simplified for youths who set up industries on their own land.
Minimum one small industry will be established in every panchayat. Young
entrepreneurs will be provided training and marketing facilities. Unemployment
will be removed by laying a network of small and cottage industries throughout
state.

The Chief Minister urged youths to become employers and not job seekers. He said
that one who is enterprising succeeds. Last year, loans were provided to 71,000
youths in the state. These youths have provided jobs to a number of people in
their small industries. He said that youths should fulfill their dreams and
contribute to state and country's success. They should work with passion and
dedication. Government will remove all hurdles in their way.

Central Bank of India's ED RP Lodha said that pace of progress can be
accelerated by availing loans from banks. Banks are always ready to help young
entrepreneurs. Co-founder and Director of telexco.com Prashant Chouhan also
spoke on the occasion.

An MoU was signed between telexco.com and Laghu Udyog Nigam. telexco.com will
provide marketing e-platforms to products of Madhya Pradesh's young
entrepreneurs. The Chief Minister released Profile Book focusing on successful
young entrepreneurs. He inaugurated exhibition of successful young entrepreneurs
products and enquired young entrepreneurs about their products.

The Chief Minister felicitated excellent performer districts and officers under
Mukhyamantri Swarozgar Yojana. Successful young entrepreneurs shared their
experiences. A documentary on Mukhyamantri Yuva Udyami Yojana was also screened.

At the outset, Principal Secretary MSME VL Kanta Rao delivered the welcome
address. Minister of State for MSME Sanjay Pathak proposed a vote of thanks.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

Marvi says PM Nawaz finalizes laptop, scholarship scheme

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 21

LENGTH: 289  words


Chief Coordinator, Prime Minister Youth Loan Business Program, Miss. Marvi Memon
has said that Prime Minister Mian Nawaz Sharif has finalized the scheme of
distribution of laptop and scholarships among students, adding that the
government also withdrew the condition of guarantee of gazetted officer in PM
Loan Scheme.

She said this during her visit to Turbat, on Tuesday. Talking to students, she
said: "Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif will announce the scheme of
distribution of laptop and scholarships among male and female students soon as
he has finalized the scheme".

She said that the federal government has withdrawn the condition of gazetted
officer for getting loan from Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme. She
said that Prime Minister has also allocated 50 percent quota for women in the
loan scheme. "Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif assigned me task to visit Balochistan
to hear the problems of Baloch brethren and sisters so that these could be
resolved on priority basis," she said.

She said that applicants applied for loan could contact at Help Line-0800-77000
if they faced any difficulty in the bank. She reviewed the applications for
loans submitted to National Bank Turbat and directed the officials concerned to
initiate proceedings on them.

"PM wants to see youth of the country including Balochistan to be able to
initiate their own business to earn their livelihood respectfully, therefore, he
launched Youth Business Loan Scheme," she said.

Provincial Coordinator, PM Youth Business Loan Scheme, Sardar Naqibullah Tareen
was also present.

Earlier, Miss. Marvi Memon held meetings with different delegation and assured
them their legitimate issues would be taken up at government level and be
resolved.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

Marvi says PM Nawaz finalizes laptop, scholarship scheme

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 21

LENGTH: 289  words


Chief Coordinator, Prime Minister Youth Loan Business Program, Miss. Marvi Memon
has said that Prime Minister Mian Nawaz Sharif has finalized the scheme of
distribution of laptop and scholarships among students, adding that the
government also withdrew the condition of guarantee of gazetted officer in PM
Loan Scheme.

She said this during her visit to Turbat, on Tuesday. Talking to students, she
said: "Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif will announce the scheme of
distribution of laptop and scholarships among male and female students soon as
he has finalized the scheme".

She said that the federal government has withdrawn the condition of gazetted
officer for getting loan from Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme. She
said that Prime Minister has also allocated 50 percent quota for women in the
loan scheme. "Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif assigned me task to visit Balochistan
to hear the problems of Baloch brethren and sisters so that these could be
resolved on priority basis," she said.

She said that applicants applied for loan could contact at Help Line-0800-77000
if they faced any difficulty in the bank. She reviewed the applications for
loans submitted to National Bank Turbat and directed the officials concerned to
initiate proceedings on them.

"PM wants to see youth of the country including Balochistan to be able to
initiate their own business to earn their livelihood respectfully, therefore, he
launched Youth Business Loan Scheme," she said.

Provincial Coordinator, PM Youth Business Loan Scheme, Sardar Naqibullah Tareen
was also present.

Earlier, Miss. Marvi Memon held meetings with different delegation and assured
them their legitimate issues would be taken up at government level and be
resolved.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

Marvi says PM Nawaz finalizes laptop, scholarship scheme

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 21

LENGTH: 289  words


Chief Coordinator, Prime Minister Youth Loan Business Program, Miss. Marvi Memon
has said that Prime Minister Mian Nawaz Sharif has finalized the scheme of
distribution of laptop and scholarships among students, adding that the
government also withdrew the condition of guarantee of gazetted officer in PM
Loan Scheme.

She said this during her visit to Turbat, on Tuesday. Talking to students, she
said: "Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif will announce the scheme of
distribution of laptop and scholarships among male and female students soon as
he has finalized the scheme".

She said that the federal government has withdrawn the condition of gazetted
officer for getting loan from Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme. She
said that Prime Minister has also allocated 50 percent quota for women in the
loan scheme. "Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif assigned me task to visit Balochistan
to hear the problems of Baloch brethren and sisters so that these could be
resolved on priority basis," she said.

She said that applicants applied for loan could contact at Help Line-0800-77000
if they faced any difficulty in the bank. She reviewed the applications for
loans submitted to National Bank Turbat and directed the officials concerned to
initiate proceedings on them.

"PM wants to see youth of the country including Balochistan to be able to
initiate their own business to earn their livelihood respectfully, therefore, he
launched Youth Business Loan Scheme," she said.

Provincial Coordinator, PM Youth Business Loan Scheme, Sardar Naqibullah Tareen
was also present.

Earlier, Miss. Marvi Memon held meetings with different delegation and assured
them their legitimate issues would be taken up at government level and be
resolved.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

Marvi says PM Nawaz finalizes laptop, scholarship scheme

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 21

LENGTH: 289  words


Chief Coordinator, Prime Minister Youth Loan Business Program, Miss. Marvi Memon
has said that Prime Minister Mian Nawaz Sharif has finalized the scheme of
distribution of laptop and scholarships among students, adding that the
government also withdrew the condition of guarantee of gazetted officer in PM
Loan Scheme.

She said this during her visit to Turbat, on Tuesday. Talking to students, she
said: "Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif will announce the scheme of
distribution of laptop and scholarships among male and female students soon as
he has finalized the scheme".

She said that the federal government has withdrawn the condition of gazetted
officer for getting loan from Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme. She
said that Prime Minister has also allocated 50 percent quota for women in the
loan scheme. "Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif assigned me task to visit Balochistan
to hear the problems of Baloch brethren and sisters so that these could be
resolved on priority basis," she said.

She said that applicants applied for loan could contact at Help Line-0800-77000
if they faced any difficulty in the bank. She reviewed the applications for
loans submitted to National Bank Turbat and directed the officials concerned to
initiate proceedings on them.

"PM wants to see youth of the country including Balochistan to be able to
initiate their own business to earn their livelihood respectfully, therefore, he
launched Youth Business Loan Scheme," she said.

Provincial Coordinator, PM Youth Business Loan Scheme, Sardar Naqibullah Tareen
was also present.

Earlier, Miss. Marvi Memon held meetings with different delegation and assured
them their legitimate issues would be taken up at government level and be
resolved.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

KP youths given Rs892m as interest-free loan under PM Youth Business Loan Scheme

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 137

LENGTH: 352  words


The government has disbursed 8,261 business loans worth Rs 8 billion amongst
potential  entrepreneurs across the country under PM's Youth Business Loan
(PMYBL) Scheme in last two and half years, said official sources.

As many as 64,114 applications have been received for interest-free loans under
PMYBL scheme in last two and half  years. Out of which 8,261 have received
loans, 16,423  applications have so far been sanctioned for onward disbursement
of loans.

According to breakup, 161 business loans worth  Rs 157.85 million were disbursed
amongst the potential  entrepreneurs of Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) in the last
two and half years.

Likewise, 157 business loans worth Rs 166 million were disbursed among the
applicants of Baluchistan, Rs 209 million were disbursed amongst 215 youth
aspirants of Islamabad Capital Territory (ICT), yet other 55 loans worth Rs 44.8
million were disbursed among aspirants of Gilgit-Baltistan, 918 young
entrepreneurs of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa were given Rs 892 million as interest-free
loan to pursue their business.

Similarly, a sum of Rs 5,727.83 million has been disbursed among 6,003 young
applicants of Punjab and Rs 7,04.80 million among 752 youngsters hailing from
Sindh province.

As many as 1,105 applications were received from various areas of AJK. Out of
which 286 applications have been sanctioned. 1,403 applications were received
from Baluchistan and 284 applications have been approved for loan. As many as
958 applications have been received from Islamabad Capital Territory (ICT) out
of which 350 applications have been sanctioned for loan disbursement.

As many as 77 applications have been sanctioned out of a total of 163
applications received from aspiring youth belonging to Gilgit-Baltistan. While
5,750 applications have been received from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, out of which
1,720 have so far been approved.

While 12,491 applications ave so far been sanctioned out of a total of 48,358
received from Punjab province.

Likewise, a total of 6,377 applications have been received from Sindh province,
out of which 1,215 has so far been approved for loan disbursement.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Surprise visits conducted at NBP branches to review Youth Loan Scheme

SECTION: Vol. XXXVIII No. 203

LENGTH: 243  words


On the directives of Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme Maryam Nawaz
Sharif, a monitoring team headed by Advisor to Chairperson MNA Leila Khan
conducted surprise visits to various branches of National Bank of Pakistan to
review disbursement of Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) here
on Tuesday.

The monitoring team was apprised by the senior management of the National Bank
of Pakistan on the overall progress and loan disbursement status of the Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme.

Briefing the team, the NBP's executives informed that the PMYBLS is moving on
the right track as per vision of the political leadership.

It was further briefed that the procedure for the disbursement of loans to the
youth has been made beneficiary-friendly on the directives of the Chairperson
PMYP.

The senior bank management informed that the loan approval decision would be
centralized at the head office level in order to avoid unnecessary delays at the
branch level in disbursing loans to the potential beneficiaries and all the
regional heads have been directed to facilitate the successful applicants of the
PMYBLS by establishing dedicated counters at all the branches of the NBP.

The PMYP team was further apprised on the region wise status and progress of the
PMYBLS.

It was decided that a proper monitoring mechanism with status update of the loan
beneficiaries would be installed to track the progress of loan disbursement by
the bank.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    NewsDay

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

Youth council demands fund administration review

LENGTH: 327  words


ZIMBABWE Youth Council (ZYC) Harare Province has called for a review of the
chairing and administration of the $10 million Kurera Youth Fund financed by Old
Mutual (OM) amid revelations of an 85% default rate among the beneficiaries.

PAIDAMOYO MUZULU
SENIOR REPORTER

ZYC Harare chairman Acie Lumumba said it was time the Ministry of Youth,
Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment relooked at the manner OM was
administering the fund as there was conflict of interest within the group
running all the operations of the fund.

OM released the $10 million loan to the youth fund as part of its indigenisation
plan where the Ministry of Youth received 2,5% shareholding of the behemoth
financial services company.

The loan fund is insured by RM Insurance and the fund is administered by CABS,
both wholly owned subsidiaries of OM.

"Old Mutual should not monopolise the running of the fund," Lumumba said.

"The Ministry of Youth, Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment should take full
responsibility of assessing youth projects and recommend them for funding by the
selected independent bank or institution which will be managing the fund."

However, statistics availed yesterday at the Press conference showed that there
was a high default rate among the beneficiaries of the first loan tranche.

The fund approved 3 601 of the 22 000 applications it received. Approved
projects were cumulatively funded to the tune of

$5,2 million. The average loan size for the projects was $1 400.

"Non-performing loans stood at 79.4% and is projected to hit 85% in the fourth
quarter," the statistics read.

The majority of the approved projects (53%) were in agriculture with the
remainder (47%) going to distribution and mining enterprises. The beneficiaries
were largely male youths who constituted 65% with the remainder going to
females.

It was also revealed that youths from Harare, Manicaland, Mashonaland West and
Mashonaland Central provinces constituted the majority of the beneficiaries.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1279


                             Copyright 2014 NewsDay
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

PPP raises objections to Prime Minister's Youth Loan Business Scheme

BYLINE:  AAMIR SAEED

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 339

LENGTH: 669  words


Top leadership of Pakistan People's Party has labelled prime minister's Youth
Loan Business Scheme a parallel system to Benazir Income Support Programme's
Waseela-e-Haq project and plan to raise objections on the scheme in the
parliament.

The BISP's Waseela-e-Haq scheme is for the beneficiary families currently
receiving cash transfers under the programme. Micro-financing of up to Rs
300,000 is provided to the families that are selected randomly amongst the
beneficiaries.

The BISP has been running the micro-financing scheme with the collaboration of
Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF). It is the primary responsibility of
the PPAF to provide skills to families selected through balloting and help them
establish their desired businesses.

Small loans up to Rs 300,000 are provided to the beneficiary families in two
instalments and proper follow-ups ensure that the beneficiary has invested the
amount in the business for which he/she availed.

The PPP leadership is of the view that there was no need to initiate a separate
loan scheme while the BISP was already doing the same thing in a more efficient
and professional way.

The BISP micro-financing is only for women beneficiaries but the recipient can
hand over the small loan to a nominee like her son or husband.

On the other hand, the prime minister's loan scheme is for educated and skilled
youth - with 50 percent for males and 50 percent females. The prime minister
launched the Youth Business Loan initiative on Saturday with Rs100 billion
allocated for the current financial year.

The scheme envisages providing Rs 100,000 to Rs 2,000,000 to 100,000 unemployed
youth in the first phase. It is not yet clear how much of the allocated amount
would be dedicated for micro finance and how much for small loans of up to 20
lakhs.

The prime minister's loan scheme may overlap the BISP's Waseela-e-Haq programme
as some of its beneficiaries might also avail loans from the prime minister's
scheme. At the moment, the BISP is providing financial aid to around 5.1 million
poor families across the country.

Chairman BISP former Senator Enver Baig, however, said the BISP is a separate
programme and would continue its functions smoothly as it has its own separate
funds to run different projects across the country.

"The BISP provides financial aid to only those families who are identified in
the poverty survey while the prime minister's loan scheme is open for general
public," Baig said, adding that beneficiaries of the BISP could also avail the
loan scheme if they fulfil the required criterion.

PPP Senator Farhatullah Babar told Business Recorder on Tuesday that the prime
minister's loan scheme was flawed as the government has neither disclosed source
of funds for the scheme nor a mechanism to get back the loan from the
beneficiaries.

"There was no need to launch a parallel scheme to the BISP as the latter was
already providing monetary benefits to poor people across the country," he said.

Babar said that the top leadership of his party has discussed the loan scheme at
length and decided to raise valid objections on the scheme. "Leader of
Opposition in the National Assembly Syed Khursheed Shah will raise the issue on
floor of the house and demand the government to brief parliamentarians on the
loan scheme," he added.

Dr Abid Sulehri, Executive Director Sustainable Development Policy Institute,
said the scheme is not bad but the real thing is to ensure transparency to get
the desired results.

He said that if the loans are given to people in a transparent manner and then
they are helped to initiate their businesses, this would have positive impact on
overall economy of the country.

"The basic purpose of the loan scheme should be making people entrepreneurs so
that they could generate their own resources and ultimately help the economy of
the country," he added.

Sulehri said that if the loans are utilised properly by the educated and skilled
youth, this would also help bring down the spiralling unemployment in the next
couple of years.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 26, 2011 Friday

Pakistan: CM approves vegetable market on Kahna Kachha Says Rs 1 billion loans
to help youth

LENGTH: 1104 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Aug. 26 -- Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif has approved in
principle setting up of a modern fruit and vegetable market at Kahna Kachha on
Ferozepur Road and constituted a committee to take all possible measures for the
completion of the project within a year.

He also issued instructions for provision of necessary facilities as soon as
possible in the vegetable market shifted from Kot Lakhpat.

He was presiding over a meeting regarding the project of setting up fruit and
vegetable market, here on Wednesday. Member National Assembly Muhammad Afzal
Khokhar, Members Provincial Assembly Mian Naseer Ahmed, Ramzan Siddique Bhatti,
Malik Saiful Malook, the Agriculture secretary, the Vegetable Market project
director and experts were also present.

Addressing the meeting, the chief minister said that a large piece of land had
been selected at Kacha where a well-designed fruit and vegetable market would be
set up which would be equipped with the latest facilities.

He said that the project would introduce a new culture and promote economic and
trade activities. He said that the site for the market was nearest to the
Motorway, Ring Road and railway crossing which would be of great benefit for the
public. He also issued instructions for contacting railway authorities for
linking fruit and vegetable market to the railway system.

He also gave instructions to the committee set up under the chairmanship of MNA
Afzal Khokhar to visit Turkey, Thailand and China to review the model of such
markets in these countries for setting up the modern fruit and vegetable market
in Lahore.

He also issued instructions to extend maximum facilities to the middlemen of the
vegetable market shifted from Kot Lakhpat so that they could pursue their
business activities without any problem.

Earlier, Agriculture secretary Cap (r) Arif Nadeem gave a briefing on the
project of fruit and vegetable market at Kacha. The participants in the meeting
also gave their proposals in this regard.

Kalma CHOWK Flyover: Appreciating the performance of NLC in completing Kalma
Flyover in a record period of time, the Punjab chief minister said Wednesday
that the project was a masterpiece of modern architecture and a unique example
of transparency and speedy completion. He was talking to Quarter-Master General
(QMG) Lt. Gen. Sajjad Ghani, NLC Director General, Maj. Gen. Junaid Rehmat and
Sector Incharge Brig. Shahid Majeed who called on him here on Wednesday and
discussed various development projects.

Lahore Transport Company Chairman Kh. Ahmed Hasaan, the Planning & Development
chairman, the Communication & Works secretary and the Lahore commissioner were
also present. NLC authorities also presented a model of Kalma Flyover to the CM.

Shahbaz Sharif Wednesday said that the Punjab government had evolved a
revolutionary project of self-employment under which loans worth one billion
rupees would be given to the youth to help them stand on their own feet. The
skilled youth would be given preference under the scheme and the upper limit of
loans would be Rs. 50,000, the chief minister said and added that
self-employment scheme would result in generation of job opportunities as well
as promotion of economic activities.

The CM also issued instructions for setting up a committee to devise a strategy
within a few days in the light of which the scheme would be started in 36
districts of the province.

He was presiding over a meeting here on Wednesday for the provision of loans to
the youth under self-employment scheme.

The chief secretary, the Planning & Development chairman, the secretaries of
Finance, Law and Social Welfare, the chairmen of TEVTA and the Punjab Vocational
Training Council, the Akhuwat executive director and experts were also present.

The chief minister said that the Punjab government was implementing a
comprehensive policy for generation of job opportunities in the province which
included projects like Yellow Cab Scheme, distribution of one hundred thousand
laptops among talented students and self-employment scheme for the youth. He
said that a majority of population comprised youth and provision of loans to
them under self-employment scheme would help them stand on their own feet as
well as eliminate unemployment. He said that loans of one billion rupees will be
offered during the first year while this amount will gradually be increased each
year. He said that self-employment scheme will prove to be a milestone in the
elimination of unemployment and provision of job opportunities to the youth. He
said that self-employment scheme for the welfare of the youth will be continued
forever and setting up of a permanent institution for the project should also be
considered. He issued instructions for selecting an audit-company of
international repute for self-employment scheme and said that Punjab Small
Industries Corporation will distribute these loans through Akhuwat. He said that
Akhuwat has a wide experience of public service and provision of loans and will
execute this welfare project in a transparent manner. He said that loans will be
given to the youth under self-employment scheme in all districts of the province
and special committees comprising experts and persons enjoying good repute will
also be formed at the district level for monitoring the loans. He said that such
youth should be given preference in the provision of loans as are experienced in
various skills and trades so that they could set up such businesses as could not
only leave a positive impact on economy but also generate further employment
opportunities. He directed that the guiding policy for the provision of loans
and other matters should soon be given a final shape so that the scheme could be
started at the earliest. He said that Akhuwat should further enhance its
capacity and submit a plan within seven days for the distribution of loans under
the scheme.

Earlier, the Punjab Small Industries Corporation managing director gave a
detailed briefing on self-employment scheme. He said that the steering committee
for self-employment scheme, the Punjab Small Industries Corporation and Akhuwat
had finalized the strategy for self-employment scheme.

Akhuwat executive director Dr. Amjad Saqib said that 55 branches of Akhuwat were
operational and it was fully capable of implementing the scheme. He said that
the revolutionary project of the Punjab government would be implemented in a
transparent manner Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Govt committed to empower youth: Nawaz, Easy loans to help strengthen economy,
First balloting of Youth Business Loan held

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday said the PML-N government was
committed to empower the youth by providing them Rs 3.7 billion easy loans as it
would not only help the country but also strengthen national economy. Speaking
at the first balloting ceremony of PM Business Youth Loan Programme here, the
Prime Minister said that in the past upto 70 percent of youth population had no
access to loans, as only the influential businessmen were eligible to get loans
from banks. He said the youth would lead the nation as in the developed
countries 80 percent youth were playing their role in strengthening the economy.

He said these youth would come forward by starting their own businesses in
various sectors which would not only benefit them but they would also be in a
position to provide jobs to other persons.

The Prime Minister recalled that he had not raised the slogan to change destiny
of the nation just for getting votes, but it was the commitment to provide jobs
to people and make them respectable citizens.

He said around 36,000 applications including 2800 from Punjab, 600 from
Islamabad Capital Territory, 3500 from KPK, 100 from Gilgit Baltistan, 1000 from
Balochistan and 3000 from Sindh, were received.

He said out of these applications 6000 were selected for balloting, of which
5399 would be given loans.

He said the applicants were selected according to the provincial quota and said
the target for 2014 is 1,00,000 applicants.

The Prime Minister said that the successful candidates would be informed through
SMS. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said that country's GDP showed a growth of five
percent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17 percent increase
in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded 6.6 percent till December
2013.

He said in the beginning, the government had to take some tough decisions.

The Prime Minister said that nothing was done for the uplift of country in the
past and that was why the people were suffering from long loadshedding.

He said it was top priority of the government to reduce energy crisis, adding
the present government after coming into power, reduced the loadshedding
duration through better management and would further reduce it through best
policy.

He said there was still 7000 MW of shortfall in demand and supply and the
government would not only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000 MW
of electricity.

The Prime Minister said work on Karachi-Lahore Motorway would be started very
soon where Lahore-Multan, Sukkar-Multan and Sukkar-Hyderabad sections would be
completed. Chairperson Prime Minister Business Youth Programme Maryam Nawaz on
the occasion said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital
Territory have been selected through balloting while all the female applications
from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit Baltistan and Azad Jammu and
Kashmir had been approved.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Nairobi Star (Nairobi)

                           February 1, 2012 Wednesday

Youth Fund to Loan Sh180 Million for Agri-Business Projects

BYLINE: Winfred Kagwe

LENGTH: 306 words


The Youth Enterprise Development Fund has set aside over Sh179.7 million to lend
to youths in an effort to woo them towards agribusiness.

YEDF will advance Sh358,444 to each youth group,dubbed AgriVijana Loan, to
acquire greenhouses, drip irrigation system,water tank, seeds, fertilisers, crop
protection, training and insurance for the crops.

It has partnered with agriculture technologies company, Amiran Kenya, to to
provide the farm inputs, and education they need to venture into lucrative
modern farming. "The reason for giving this sector specific loans is that
despite strides towards industrialisation, Kenya is still an agri-based
economy," said Mwatata Mwangala, CEO of YEDF. He said farming is the way to go,
not only to create youth employment but also the whole economy and for food
security.

The project initially targets about 5000 youths in all constituencies who will
be in groups of 10. The repayment interest will be 8 per cent with a grace
period of at least four months given, which is adjustable depending on the crop
maturation period. The group must however show they have access to land and
water and be able to raise at least 10 per cent of the initial investment and be
registered to get the loan.

The money for AgriVijana loans is part of the sh1.75 billion that the government
has so far released to the revolving fund. Pinhas Moskovich, MD of Amiran said
despite availability of water, good climate and manpower , the Kenyan youths
have not considered farming as worthwhile business , given that the average
local farmer is aged 65. "youth do not see future in farming, they see it as
work to do in retirement, yet it an industry driving other industries," he said.
He said the Amiran Farmers Kit was created with the aim of allowing small scale
farmers affordable access to modern agricultural technologies .

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              March 2, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: Govt committed to empower youth: Nawaz, Easy loans to help strengthen
economy, First balloting of Youth Business Loan held

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 2 -- Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday said the PML-N
government was committed to empower the youth by providing them Rs 3.7 billion
easy loans as it would not only help the country but also strengthen national
economy. Speaking at the first balloting ceremony of PM Business Youth Loan
Programme here, the Prime Minister said that in the past upto 70 percent of
youth population had no access to loans, as only the influential businessmen
were eligible to get loans from banks. He said the youth would lead the nation
as in the developed countries 80 percent youth were playing their role in
strengthening the economy.

He said these youth would come forward by starting their own businesses in
various sectors which would not only benefit them but they would also be in a
position to provide jobs to other persons.

The Prime Minister recalled that he had not raised the slogan to change destiny
of the nation just for getting votes, but it was the commitment to provide jobs
to people and make them respectable citizens.

He said around 36,000 applications including 2800 from Punjab, 600 from
Islamabad Capital Territory, 3500 from KPK, 100 from Gilgit Baltistan, 1000 from
Balochistan and 3000 from Sindh, were received.

He said out of these applications 6000 were selected for balloting, of which
5399 would be given loans.

He said the applicants were selected according to the provincial quota and said
the target for 2014 is 1,00,000 applicants.

The Prime Minister said that the successful candidates would be informed through
SMS. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said that country's GDP showed a growth of five
percent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17 percent increase
in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded 6.6 percent till December
2013.

He said in the beginning, the government had to take some tough decisions.

The Prime Minister said that nothing was done for the uplift of country in the
past and that was why the people were suffering from long loadshedding.

He said it was top priority of the government to reduce energy crisis, adding
the present government after coming into power, reduced the loadshedding
duration through better management and would further reduce it through best
policy.

He said there was still 7000 MW of shortfall in demand and supply and the
government would not only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000 MW
of electricity.

The Prime Minister said work on Karachi-Lahore Motorway would be started very
soon where Lahore-Multan, Sukkar-Multan and Sukkar-Hyderabad sections would be
completed. Chairperson Prime Minister Business Youth Programme Maryam Nawaz on
the occasion said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital
Territory have been selected through balloting while all the female applications
from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit Baltistan and Azad Jammu and
Kashmir had been approved

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                 April 6, 1996

Youth trust fund raised to RM100m

SECTION: National; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 312 words

DATELINE: Johor Baru


JOHOR BARU, Fri. - The Finance Ministry agreed to increase the allocation
for the Youth Economic Trust Fund from RM50 million to RM100 million.

Youth and Sports Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin said today that he
welcomed the increase which will result in RM20 million in loans being
given out annually for five years.

He expects the fund to provide start-up capital to about 5,000 new
businesses.

"We have negotiated with the Ministry for the money to be channelled
through selected financial institutions and banks.

"Since there are usually about two or three partners in each business,
an estimated 10,000 youths can be helped in becoming young entrepreneurs
each year through the programme," Muhyiddin said after attending a
briefing at the State Youth and Sports Department.

He said he instructed the fund's committee, headed by the ministry's
secretary-general, to quicken the processing of the applications.

"We have set a deadline of four weeks for processing so that those who
apply are not discouraged by delays.

"Only genuine applications from youths who are sincere about engaging in
business will be entertained."

Muhyiddin said that the response to the fund was encouraging and hoped
those who obtained the loans would not default in payments.

The fund allows youths engaging in business to apply for loans not
exceeding RM50,000.

Applicants will be allowed to engage in any business of their choice and
have a maximum of 10 years to repay the loan, with a service charge of two
per cent a year.

However, once they sign up for the programme and obtain the loans,
applicants will be periodically required to attend business management and
enrichment courses organised by the ministry.

The fund was launched in 1988 under the Youth-in-Business programme.

To date about RM17 million in loans have been given out.


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1996 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              585 of 997 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited, All Rights
                                    Reserved

                        ICD Research - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            Progressive Digital Media company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                December 8, 2016

                           New Community Credit Union

                              321-20th Street West
                               Saskatoon S7M 0X1
                                     Canada

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


COMPANY OVERVIEW

   New Community Credit Union (NCCU) is a full service financial institution. It
provides personalized financial services to its customers. It provides services
including daily banking, home ownership, wealth services, banking services for
youth and borrowing services. It also offers, business accounts, business
lending, electronic services, and card services. It also offers its services
through its service channels including in-branch, ATM network, CU Connect,
internet banking and mobile banking. Its portfolio includes personal accounts
and account packages, youth accounts, US account, online banking, credit and
debit card services, personal loans, home loan, mortgage, wealth management,
prosperity planning, retirement savings plan, education savings plans,
investment loans and other investment solutions. NCCU is headquartered in
Saskatoon, Canada.

BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

   NCCU is a full service financial solution provider based in Canada.

   The company classifies its offerings into two categories: Personal and
Business.

   NCCU's Personal category provides daily banking, home loan and educational
loan facilities. The company's product portfolio includes Daily Banking, Home
Ownership, Wealth Services, Youth, and Borrowing.

   Through its Daily Banking services, NCCU offers various personal savings
accounts such as personal chequing, MAXIMIZER account, MAXIMIZER basic account,
daily savings accounts, high interest savings, optimum, tax free savings account
and heritage account. It also offers various account packages including
Electronic Package, which is designed for members who prefer to do most of their
banking online and electronically; Premium Package, to economically manage
several banking transactions ranges from cash withdrawals to account transfers;
and Superior Package, for members who have active daily banking activity. It
also offers Youth Accounts, specially designed for our younger members and
students. NCCU offers three types of youth accounts including Kirby Kangaroo
Club, nCharge Network, and Graduate. Kirby Kangaroo Club is designed for its
members aged 0-11. It includes no service charges, ATM or direct payment access,
and a chance to open a term deposit with CAD100 minimum initial deposit. nCharge
Youth account is designed to help members aged between 12 to 18, whereas
Graduate account designed to meet the needs of those who are college or
university students. It also offers electronic services including online banking
and other services such as MemberDirect internet banking, Interact e-Transfers,
overdraft protection, e-statements, PreAuthorized Debits, automatic transfers
and electronic funds transfer services. Its US Account helps members regarding
fund transaction to or from any account in the US. It also offers debit and
credit card services including MEMBER CARD debit card, MasterCard and Global
Payment MasterCard. It also provides services for lost or stolen cards.

   Under Home Ownership, the company provides loans and mortgages. NCCU offers
various home loans against mortgages. The company's mortgage options include 20%
down NCCU conventional mortgage, 5% down CMHC Mortgage, and 5% down Genworth
Mortgage. All these mortgages are available with 1-5 year term options. The
company also provides refinancing options and options to move mortgage from
other financial institutions to NCCU.

   The company along with Credential Asset Management, provides wealth services
to investors including expert advice and guidance on growing and protecting
their money and to help them build a mutual funds portfolio. NCCU also offers
various registered savings plans such as registered retirement savings plan,
registered retirement income fund, registered education savings plan, registered
disability savings plan, and tax free savings account; investment plans,
including term investments, index linked deposits, mutual funds, and credential
direct online trading; and investment loans.

   For its younger members, the company offers unique banking, lending, saving
and money management products such as Youth Accounts, Saving for School,
Post-Secondary Students plans, and Youth Investing. Through its saving for
school product, NCCU provides registered education savings plan, investment
accounts and lifelong learning plan. For the post secondary students, it
provides graduate account, student line of credit and student loans.

   Under Borrowing solution, the company offers personal loans such as vehicle
loans, home improvement loans, consolidation loans, and student loan; line of
credit, personal quick loan, investment loans, and mortgages.

   The Business category includes several products for business members. Its
portfolio includes Business Accounts, Business Investing, Starting a Business,
Business Lending, Electronic Services, and Card Services. It offers two types of
business accounts including Commercial Chequing and US Account. Under Business
Investing, it offers planning and investment services. The company through its
Starting a Business and Business Lending product categories, offers commercial
loans, commercial quick loans, commercial line of credit, and commercial
mortgage. Under Electronic Services, it offers online banking and other
convenient services such as MemberDirect Internet Banking and other electronic
services including preauthorized debits, electronic funds transfer, estatements
and direct deposit.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SNAPSHOT
MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
SWOT ANALYSIS
COMPANY STATEMENT
HISTORY
KEY EMPLOYEES

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016


                              586 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Nawaz lauds Swat people's sacrifices for peace

BYLINE:  Jamaluddin

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 15

LENGTH: 432  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said on Wednesday that people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
particularly Swatis, had rendered sacrifices for the establishment of durable
peace in the region.

Addressing a function at Wadudia Hall in Saidu Sharif in connection with the
`youth business loan programme' here, he said that youth were the asset of the
country and the government would take appropriate steps for their uplift to lead
them towards a prosperous future.

Mr Sharif said that he was the prime minister of the entire country and would
serve the people regardless of their party affiliations. He said that his
government would continue to treat all citizens of the country equally.

The loan scheme is for whole nation, he said, adding that loans would be
distributed among the provinces on the basis of population while people would
get them on merit.

He said that the past governments neglected the youth. "We are providing
opportunities to the youth for the first time so that they could be able to
contribute to the country's development," he said.

"All people of Pakistan have the right to get loans for fulfillment of their
needs," the prime minister said and added that banks were not for specific
persons.

He said that the government had provided an opportunity to the youth to make
their future bright.

He urged the youth to play their role in development of the country. He inquired
about applications from the applicants, and told them that the government had
already relaxed conditions for loans. The scheme, he said, would be improved
with the passage of time.

In his speech, the prime minister lauded the people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and
Swat in particular, Pak army and other law-enforcement agencies' personnel for
rendering sacrifices for restoring peace to the Swat district.

He said that people were rendered homeless, but they showed patience even in
that difficult situation.

He said that the people of Swat were in dire need of financial support that
could be provided to them through the loan scheme. Mr Sharif condemned the
recent attack on his adviser Amir Muqam.

Earlier, chairman board of governors of National Bank of Pakistan, Munir Kamal,
briefed the audience about the PM's Youth Loan Scheme while KP Governor
Shaukatullah, Federal Minister for Information Parvaiz Rashid, PML-N senior
vice-president Amir Muqam and PML-N general secretary Iqbal Zafar Jahgra were
present on the occasion.

The prime minister also visited `Sabaoon', a de-radicalisation centre for former
militants of Malakand division at Malakand protected area. Army chief General
Raheel Sharif also accompanied him.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Nawaz lauds Swat people's sacrifices for peace

BYLINE:  Jamaluddin

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 15

LENGTH: 432  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said on Wednesday that people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
particularly Swatis, had rendered sacrifices for the establishment of durable
peace in the region.

Addressing a function at Wadudia Hall in Saidu Sharif in connection with the
`youth business loan programme' here, he said that youth were the asset of the
country and the government would take appropriate steps for their uplift to lead
them towards a prosperous future.

Mr Sharif said that he was the prime minister of the entire country and would
serve the people regardless of their party affiliations. He said that his
government would continue to treat all citizens of the country equally.

The loan scheme is for whole nation, he said, adding that loans would be
distributed among the provinces on the basis of population while people would
get them on merit.

He said that the past governments neglected the youth. "We are providing
opportunities to the youth for the first time so that they could be able to
contribute to the country's development," he said.

"All people of Pakistan have the right to get loans for fulfillment of their
needs," the prime minister said and added that banks were not for specific
persons.

He said that the government had provided an opportunity to the youth to make
their future bright.

He urged the youth to play their role in development of the country. He inquired
about applications from the applicants, and told them that the government had
already relaxed conditions for loans. The scheme, he said, would be improved
with the passage of time.

In his speech, the prime minister lauded the people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and
Swat in particular, Pak army and other law-enforcement agencies' personnel for
rendering sacrifices for restoring peace to the Swat district.

He said that people were rendered homeless, but they showed patience even in
that difficult situation.

He said that the people of Swat were in dire need of financial support that
could be provided to them through the loan scheme. Mr Sharif condemned the
recent attack on his adviser Amir Muqam.

Earlier, chairman board of governors of National Bank of Pakistan, Munir Kamal,
briefed the audience about the PM's Youth Loan Scheme while KP Governor
Shaukatullah, Federal Minister for Information Parvaiz Rashid, PML-N senior
vice-president Amir Muqam and PML-N general secretary Iqbal Zafar Jahgra were
present on the occasion.

The prime minister also visited `Sabaoon', a de-radicalisation centre for former
militants of Malakand division at Malakand protected area. Army chief General
Raheel Sharif also accompanied him.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Nawaz lauds Swat people's sacrifices for peace

BYLINE:  Jamaluddin

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 15

LENGTH: 432  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said on Wednesday that people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
particularly Swatis, had rendered sacrifices for the establishment of durable
peace in the region.

Addressing a function at Wadudia Hall in Saidu Sharif in connection with the
`youth business loan programme' here, he said that youth were the asset of the
country and the government would take appropriate steps for their uplift to lead
them towards a prosperous future.

Mr Sharif said that he was the prime minister of the entire country and would
serve the people regardless of their party affiliations. He said that his
government would continue to treat all citizens of the country equally.

The loan scheme is for whole nation, he said, adding that loans would be
distributed among the provinces on the basis of population while people would
get them on merit.

He said that the past governments neglected the youth. "We are providing
opportunities to the youth for the first time so that they could be able to
contribute to the country's development," he said.

"All people of Pakistan have the right to get loans for fulfillment of their
needs," the prime minister said and added that banks were not for specific
persons.

He said that the government had provided an opportunity to the youth to make
their future bright.

He urged the youth to play their role in development of the country. He inquired
about applications from the applicants, and told them that the government had
already relaxed conditions for loans. The scheme, he said, would be improved
with the passage of time.

In his speech, the prime minister lauded the people of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and
Swat in particular, Pak army and other law-enforcement agencies' personnel for
rendering sacrifices for restoring peace to the Swat district.

He said that people were rendered homeless, but they showed patience even in
that difficult situation.

He said that the people of Swat were in dire need of financial support that
could be provided to them through the loan scheme. Mr Sharif condemned the
recent attack on his adviser Amir Muqam.

Earlier, chairman board of governors of National Bank of Pakistan, Munir Kamal,
briefed the audience about the PM's Youth Loan Scheme while KP Governor
Shaukatullah, Federal Minister for Information Parvaiz Rashid, PML-N senior
vice-president Amir Muqam and PML-N general secretary Iqbal Zafar Jahgra were
present on the occasion.

The prime minister also visited `Sabaoon', a de-radicalisation centre for former
militants of Malakand division at Malakand protected area. Army chief General
Raheel Sharif also accompanied him.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday

Prime Minister reviews Youth Program

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 746

LENGTH: 226  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has said that youth of Pakistan are its
greatest strength and the present Government will ensure that youth is gainfully
employed and helped in all respects.

He said this while chairing a meeting to review the Prime Ministers Youth
Program here Wednesday. The meeting was also attended by Finance Minister Mr.
Ishaq Dar, Minister Information Senator Pervaiz Rashid, Minister of State for
Information Technology Mrs. Anusha Rehman, Special Assistant to PM Dr. Musadaq
Malik, Secretary Finance Dr. Waqar Masood Khan and senior officers of the PM
Office.

The Prime Minister was briefed regarding all the features of the Youth Program
and it was informed that so far around half million feedbacks / suggestions have
been received from the general public, of which practicable suggestions have
been included in the program.

The Prime Ministers Youth Program comprises of Six (06) Schemes including
Qarze-Hassana (Micro Interest-Free Loans), Small Business Loans, Youth Training
Scheme, Youth Skills Development Scheme, Provision of Laptops and Scheme for
Reimbursement of Fee for Students of less developed areas.

The Prime Minister directed that 50 % loans should be reserved for women in the
Micro Interest-Free Loans scheme and the procedure for acquiring loans should be
made simple with shortest possible time for release.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Pakistan: Loan provision under PM Youth Programme to be regulated

LENGTH: 311  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, July 21 -- The gigantic programme for provision of loan to the youth
under the Prime Minister Youth Programme (PMYP) would be regulated through a
proper monitoring mechanism with status update of the loan beneficiaries and it
would be installed to track the progress of loan disbursement by the bank,
assigned the task.

The action has been approved by the authorities concerned on the directive of
PMYP chairperson Maryam Nawaz Sharif who has deputed a monitoring team headed by
Adviser to Chairperson and member National Assembly (MNA) Leila Khan to
undertake surprise visit of various branches of the bank to review the status of
disbursement of PM Youth Business Loan Scheme (YBLS).

In a surprise visit on Friday the team inspected the process at a bank facility
where it was briefed by the senior management of the bank regarding overall
progress and loan disbursement status of the scheme.

Briefing the team, the bank's executives informed that the PMYBLS is moving on
the right track as per vision of the political leadership. The team was informed
that the procedure for the disbursement of loans to the youth has been made
beneficiary-friendly on the directives of the Chairperson PMYP.

The senior bank management informed that the loan approval decision would be
centralized at the head office level in order to avoid unnecessary delays at the
branch level in disbursing loans to the potential beneficiaries and all the
regional heads have been directed to facilitate the successful applicants of the
PMYBLS by establishing dedicated counters at all the branches of the bank. The
team was apprised on the region wise status and progress of the PMYBLS

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Miadhu (Maldives)

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

President launches Fifty Million Rufiyaa SME Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 272  words


President Abdulla Yameen Abdul Gayoom has launched the SME Loan Scheme, a
Government loan scheme of fifty million rufiyaa, for provision of financial
assistance to micro, small, and medium enterprises. The loan scheme will be
administered by the Ministry of Economic Development.

The President launched the scheme this evening, at the interactive
sessionEconomic Dialogue with the President, held for Maldivian youth and
graduate students, on the Government's economic policy, and different
development projects being carried out by the Government.

Any micro, small, or medium enterprise with 100% Maldivian shareholders is
eligible for the SME loan scheme. All registered businesses are categorised in
to micro, small or medium levels in accordance with the Small and Medium
Enterprises Act. In awarding SME loans, the highest priority will be given to
women and youth entrepreneurs, and businesses owned by women and youth. Other
priority areas include import substitution and export businesses.

Speaking at the session held this evening, initiated by the Ministry of Economic
Development, President Yameen underscored the importance given by the Government
to provide State aid and Government assistance to women and youth, despite the
many financial challenges being faced. He noted that the Government's Economic
policy would result in the creation of more employment and social opportunities
for youth.

In his speech, President Yameen urged the youth to be more proactive and
attentive in their performance. He also invited all Maldivian youth to join the
Government's team in attaining the Government's developmental aspirations.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2015 Miadhu
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

PM's Youth Business Loans' 1st balloting held

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 59

LENGTH: 137  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday said the PML-N government was
committed to empower the youth by providing them Rs3.7 billion easy loans as it
would not only help the country but also strengthen national economy.

Speaking at the first balloting ceremony of PM Business Youth Loan Programme
here, the Prime Minister said that in the past up to 70 percent of youth
population had no access to loans, as only the influential businessmen were
eligible to get loans from banks. He said the youth would lead the nation as in
the developed countries 80 percent youth were playing their role in
strengthening the economy.

He said around 36,000 applications including 2800 from Punjab, 600 from
Islamabad Capital Territory, 3500 from KP, 100 from Gilgit Baltistan, 1000 from
Balochistan and 3000 from Sindh, were received. -

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

PM's Youth Business Loans' 1st balloting held

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 59

LENGTH: 137  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday said the PML-N government was
committed to empower the youth by providing them Rs3.7 billion easy loans as it
would not only help the country but also strengthen national economy.

Speaking at the first balloting ceremony of PM Business Youth Loan Programme
here, the Prime Minister said that in the past up to 70 percent of youth
population had no access to loans, as only the influential businessmen were
eligible to get loans from banks. He said the youth would lead the nation as in
the developed countries 80 percent youth were playing their role in
strengthening the economy.

He said around 36,000 applications including 2800 from Punjab, 600 from
Islamabad Capital Territory, 3500 from KP, 100 from Gilgit Baltistan, 1000 from
Balochistan and 3000 from Sindh, were received. -

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

PM lauds people of Swat for sacrifices against terrorism

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 15

LENGTH: 347  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has lauded sacrifices of the people of Swat against
terrorism. He stated this while addressing a function in connection with the
youth loans scheme here on Wednesday.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said all provinces would get equitable share under
the PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme.

Addressing the applicants of loan hailing from Swat, Malakand and Dir, the Prime
Minister said the loans would be dispensed in accordance with the population
ratio of each province.

The Prime Minister said if the received applicants from a province were less in
number, the other provinces would not fill the gap. Instead, he said, the loans
for that particular province would be transferred to next month.

He said the applications for business loans would be decided purely on merit
regardless of affiliation with any political group.

He said neither prime minister nor a minister could recommend a person seeking
loan under this scheme. Nawaz said as a prime minister, he had the
responsibility to give utmost support and patronage to the youth of this
country.

Prime Minister Sharif urged the youth to get self-reliant by prudently utilizing
the business loans and contribute to the national economy.

He asked the youth of Khyber Pukhtunkhwa and Federally Administered Tribal Areas
particularly to benefit from this scheme as they had faced huge challenges in
the recent past for their sacrifices for peace in their area. He said this was
the first time that banks were catering to common people seeking loans.

He mentioned that eighty per cent people in China, America, United Kingdom,
France and Germany belonged to middle class who had a major contribution to the
economies of their countries. Nawaz Sharif interacted with several loan
aspirants and inquired about their plans for business.

Governor KPK Engineer Shaukatullah, Minister for Information Senator Pervaiz
Rasheed, Minister for Religious Affairs Sardar Muhammad Yusuf, Advisor to PM
Amir Muqam, Deputy Speaker National Assembly Murtaza Javed Abbasi and Chairman
National Bank of Pakistan Muneer Kamal were present.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

PM lauds people of Swat for sacrifices against terrorism

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 15

LENGTH: 347  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has lauded sacrifices of the people of Swat against
terrorism. He stated this while addressing a function in connection with the
youth loans scheme here on Wednesday.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said all provinces would get equitable share under
the PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme.

Addressing the applicants of loan hailing from Swat, Malakand and Dir, the Prime
Minister said the loans would be dispensed in accordance with the population
ratio of each province.

The Prime Minister said if the received applicants from a province were less in
number, the other provinces would not fill the gap. Instead, he said, the loans
for that particular province would be transferred to next month.

He said the applications for business loans would be decided purely on merit
regardless of affiliation with any political group.

He said neither prime minister nor a minister could recommend a person seeking
loan under this scheme. Nawaz said as a prime minister, he had the
responsibility to give utmost support and patronage to the youth of this
country.

Prime Minister Sharif urged the youth to get self-reliant by prudently utilizing
the business loans and contribute to the national economy.

He asked the youth of Khyber Pukhtunkhwa and Federally Administered Tribal Areas
particularly to benefit from this scheme as they had faced huge challenges in
the recent past for their sacrifices for peace in their area. He said this was
the first time that banks were catering to common people seeking loans.

He mentioned that eighty per cent people in China, America, United Kingdom,
France and Germany belonged to middle class who had a major contribution to the
economies of their countries. Nawaz Sharif interacted with several loan
aspirants and inquired about their plans for business.

Governor KPK Engineer Shaukatullah, Minister for Information Senator Pervaiz
Rasheed, Minister for Religious Affairs Sardar Muhammad Yusuf, Advisor to PM
Amir Muqam, Deputy Speaker National Assembly Murtaza Javed Abbasi and Chairman
National Bank of Pakistan Muneer Kamal were present.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Bradford Telegraph and Argus

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Simon Parker Column: League should man up and acknowledge youth loans

BYLINE: Simon Parker

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 295 words


SO CITY will take on Blackpool next week minus two international players.

Reece Burke is also missing as he's in Germany with England under-20s. But
according to Football League rules, he doesn't count.

He's only a youth loan, you see; not a fully-fledged one that needs to be taken
into consideration when it comes to deciding whether games can be postponed.

So Burke is not bracketed with James Meredith and Lee Evans as a genuine
absentee.

Rules is rules and the league's state that youth loans do not apply.

In the same way, Coventry will be missing their leading scorer Adam Armstrong.
But being on a youth loan from Newcastle, he doesn't come into the equation
either.

Had Burke or Armstrong been with their parent clubs in the same scenario, they
would have counted even if neither had featured more than with the occasional
run from the bench. It's a ludicrous system.

I've been told that Coventry's trip to Fleetwood next Saturday could see six
players missing. But the show will go on because the bulk of those are teenage
youth loans.

The relevant section in the league rule book, which I have seen, spells it out
clearly and lumps youth loans with short-term emergencies.

You can understand it with one-month "blink and they're gone" arrivals; it stops
the chance of clubs manipulating the situation. But with Burke, a City
ever-present since he pitched up at Valley Parade, and Armstrong is it a
completely different scenario.

Surely there is a case for reviewing each instance on its individual merits, as
currently happens with disciplinary appeals.

After all, there are only likely to be a small handful of League One and Two
games affected.

Lower-level clubs are rightly proud to see their players recognised
internationally. It cannot be right that they suffer as well.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Rule of law panacea to all problems: PM

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 10

LENGTH: 492  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, Thursday, said that rule of law was panacea to all
our problems and we want to ensure it at all levels. If rule of law had been
followed and enforced in our country we would not have faced the problems which
we are going through. Our religion also teaches us the same.

In his address to the applicants of Youth Business loan scheme here Prime
Minister said the youth Business loan scheme is not a political slogan but a
fulfilment of promise with the youth of Pakistan. I have started this scheme as
a national cause and only economic and development interest of the country has
urged me to start this scheme, he added.

The prime minister said that the youth of our nation has remained neglected and
it is time that their real potential is used for the benefit of the country.
Such schemes should have been started right at the time of inception of
Pakistan. He told that the developed countries like Germany Japan and USA have
made their youth self reliant and 80% of their economies are based upon them.

Prime Minister said that we have to trust our youth and want to give them
financial independence so that they can play their positive role in economy of
the country and utilize this loan amount productively.

Prime Minister said that previously the loans were given only to big people and
the small loan borrowers were neglected. Each of these entities used to get
billions of rupees.

We have decided to award loans to small borrowers in order to give benefit to
the skilled youth and lower strata of the society. This will not only benefit
the small borrowers but their families and people who will get employed in these
projects. Despite the financial hardships government has been able to allocate
Rs. 100 billion for the scheme, PM told.

Prime Minister further said that we have ensured transparency at every level in
the government and it is heartening to tell that not a single corruption case
has been reported in our six month tenure. He said that in such a short tenure
the positive results on economy are evident to all.

He told that though the load shedding has not been completely curtailed, but
still the statistics show that the load shedding is much less as compared to the
situation last year. In order to completely end load shedding government has
planned to build Diamer-Bhasha, Bunji and Dasu hydro power projects but these
are long term projects and will bear results in 8-10 years.

Later, the Prime Minister interacted with the applicants and enquired from each
of them about their plans after getting the loan. The applicants were
enthusiastic to find Prime Minister amongst them and said that the loan scheme
would help them to utilize their skills not only for the benefit of their own
selves but their families and society at large too.

Federal Minister for Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage Senator
Pervaiz Rashid and other senior government officials were also present at the
occasion.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                     January 14, 2002 Monday FINAL EDITION

YOUTH GROUP CAN'T REPAY DEBT;
* BERKELEY YOUTH ALTERNATIVES HAS BEEN BATTLING FINANCIAL ISSUES EVER SINCE A
1995 FIRE DAMAGED ITS PROPERTY

BYLINE: GREG CANNON, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 527 words


BERKELEY - After seven years of loan deferrals, a nonprofit child services group
is asking the city to forgive its $100,000 debt, saying it doesn't have the
means to repay it.

Berkeley Youth Alternatives borrowed the money from the city in 1994 to help
seismically retrofit its building at 2141 Bonar St. The loan came on top of
grants of $267,000 from the city and $1 million from the state.

The group planned to repay the loan by leasing some of its space in a former
bakery back to the city. Originally due in December 1994, the loan was extended
through 1995. But in July of that year, a fire badly damaged the property and
the group's budget.

Mayor Shirley Dean will ask the council Tuesday to defer BYA's loan another year
while City Manager Weldon Rucker considers the implications of forgiving it
altogether. Dean said in a memo to the council that it is "unlikely" the group
will be able to repay the money.

Dean said Friday the loan should be forgiven because of the array of services
BYA provides to Berkeley youth. She said that absent those services, the city
would have to invest more in providing them itself. "They are taking up that
slack," Dean said.

She did not think such a write-off would set a bad precedent for other groups
that might get city loans, "but that's one of the things the city manager will
have to look at."

The 1995 fire caused smoke and water damage in the main building and mostly
destroyed the adjacent building, which was ultimately torn down. Demolition
revealed an underground oil tank and contaminated soil, the removal of which ate
up more money.

The loan was deferred again to the end of 1996 and then finally until Dec. 31,
2001. But in a Dec. 28 letter to Dean, BYA Executive Director Niculia Williams
asked that the group be absolved of the debt.

The group is walking a fine line financially, Williams said. She said it cut
programs in December, a first, and might run a deficit this year.

"All of our fund-raising money is needed for the overflow of programs," Williams
said.

BYA, which recently celebrated its 30th anniversary, was started as a source of
services for runaway and homeless youth but has expanded to offer about 37
programs, ranging from tutoring and mentoring to counseling and job training. A
floral bouquet business set up to teach kids business skills was shelved last
month because of budget problems.

The group serves about 1,200 children and families a year, about 90 percent of
them Berkeley residents, Williams said. It operates with a budget of about $1.2
million, of which the city contributes about a quarter. Williams said she'll be
lucky to raise $1 million this year.

"I feel that the city is really getting a bargain," Williams said.

The economy and diversion of donations to Sept. 11 victim groups have combined
to crimp the bottom lines of many charities and nonprofit groups. But Williams
is optimistic.

"We just feel so good about the donations we're getting," she said. "It seems
like people are going back to giving to programs at home."

Greg Cannon covers Berkeley. Reach him at 510-262-2713 or gcannon@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

The engine of development

BYLINE: Malik Muhammad Ashraf

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 47

LENGTH: 915  words


New startups ensure that the costly inventions and creative ideas created in one
industry or business concern are shared, commercialized and converted into
innovative pursuits, which not only revolutionize those industries but also spur
economic growth, job creation and development of a competitive culture.

The hall mark of entrepreneurship is innovation and risk taking.

Countries like USA, Japan, Denmark and Taiwan are quintessential of the role
that entrepreneurship can play in the economic development of a country.

To promote entrepreneurship it is important that the people with innovative
ideas and skills have access to the vital entrepreneurial resources like money,
talent to initiate a new business, especially small and medium size enterprises
which are less volatile and more stable than the big and mega industrial
ventures due to their ability to provide bulk of the jobs in a country.

One of the major objectives of the governments and its economic managers is to
ensure full employment in the country and the creation of maximum job
opportunities for the ever growing labour force.

In Pakistan the government employs only 7-8% of the labour force.

So, like all other nations, the only option available to it is to nudge economic
activity in the private sector through encouraging entrepreneurship by making
available necessary resources and technical know-how to the youth entering the
labour market.

In the past, several initiatives were taken in the public sector to nudge small
and medium size business in the form of loans to the youth, but unfortunately
they all failed to create the desired impact due to rampant corruption in public
organizations.

The parties in power actually showered favours on their own political workers
and in most of the cases loans were advanced on fake documents without proper
collateral and on the basis of political influence.

The result was that billions of rupees were lost.

The other reason for the failure of those efforts was that the basic ingredients
of entrepreneurship were totally neglected while advancing loans.

There was no support available in the public sector for carrying out research
and preparing feasibility reports in regards to different lines of business and
industry.

But it is encouraging to note that, recognizing the importance of small and
medium size industries and business and creation of self-employment
opportunities for the youth, the PML-N government took a step in the right
direction by launching Prime Ministers Youth Programme in September 2013- a
package comprising Youth Business Loan Scheme, Youth Skill Development
Programme, Youth Training Programme, Scheme for provision of laptops, Interest
Free loan Scheme and Fee Reimbursement Scheme for Less Developed Areas.

These initiatives were designed to create a culture of entrepreneurship by
making available all the required ingredients to the youth for starting their
own business and enhancing their technical know-how and skills for gainful
employment in different sectors of the economy.

The major and the flag ship initiative of the package was the Youth Business
Loan Scheme.

The National Bank of Pakistan and Women Development Bank were entrusted with the
responsibility to disburse these loans amounting to two million, at a nominal
interest rate of 8%, ensuring gender equality in advancing these loans.

The step to advance these loans through banks was taken in light of the
unenviable experience of the past, to ensure transparency, and eliminate the
prospects of political interference.

Another very important aspect of the scheme was that the Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) carried out pre-feasibility studies as
guidelines for prospective borrowers.

These studies provided a general understanding of the proposed business and were
meant to promote entrepreneurial culture in the country as they were structured
like a business plan.

A recent review of this scheme and other initiatives reveals that so far Rs
11.03 billion have been sanctioned for 15,101 individuals.

Though the progress is much below the hundred thousand mark for a variety of
reasons, the programme is absolutely on track.

In view of its importance, transparency and its unblemished track record so far,
other banks like Sindh Bank, HBL, MCB, Habib Metropolitan Bank, Meezan Bank and
UBL are also joining the scheme.

The National Bank is also contemplating the development of almost 100 trades in
addition to restructuring of the scheme.

From now on, balloting will be replaced by the existing loan processing
procedures.

These measures will ensure quick disposal of the loan applications and
identification of the trades where the applicants can invest profitably.

Under the supporting initiative of the Skill Development Programme, 22,000
students have been imparted training in different skills.

In the second phase of the programme students from seminaries with education
equivalent to Secondary School Certificate will also be eligible to apply.

Under the Laptop Scheme the HEC has distributed 32000 laptops among Phd, Mphil
and MS students.

Similarly 50,000 students from 78 universities have been paid back their fees by
HEC.

However from now onward the HEC will make up front payments to the eligible
students at the time of admission.

Under the interest free loan scheme Rs 1.75 billion have been given to 17,588
applicants.

These are encouraging results and there is a need to pursue these initiatives
more vigorously to achieve the desired objective.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

PM's Youth Business Loans' 1st balloting held

LENGTH: 174 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 1 -- Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday said the PML-N
government was committed to empower the youth by providing them Rs3.7 billion
easy loans as it would not only help the country but also strengthen national
economy.

Speaking at the first balloting ceremony of PM Business Youth Loan Programme
here, the Prime Minister said that in the past up to 70 percent of youth
population had no access to loans, as only the influential businessmen were
eligible to get loans from banks. He said the youth would lead the nation as in
the developed countries 80 percent youth were playing their role in
strengthening the economy.

He said around 36,000 applications including 2800 from Punjab, 600 from
Islamabad Capital Territory, 3500 from KP, 100 from Gilgit Baltistan, 1000 from
Balochistan and 3000 from Sindh, were received.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Post. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Business Daily (Nairobi)

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Youths Opt for 'Chamas' in the Search for Capital

BYLINE: Evelyn Situma

LENGTH: 519 words


The long list of requirements that youths have to meet before they can qualify
for a bank loan has led some groups to seek other ways of raising capital.

Focus Investment Self-help group, formed last year by 25 individuals, chose the
path of pooling funds rather than go for expensive loans. Mr Paddy Kairu, the
group's chairperson, says banks discriminate against new ventures.

"They want to evaluate you. They even want you to be a guarantor to your own
business not considering it is new.

We qualify more in a group," he said.

The group has raised Sh1.5 million to buy land and later use the asset as
collateral for a bank loan.

"We decided to come up with the group to help us save up for security needed by
banks. Using this approach, we will be able to secure a large bank loan for our
project."

Inspired by a common goal to succeed, the group has taken the chama spirit to
great lengths.

The trend that for long has been linked to women has found new love in the
hearts men.

Dynasty Venture Limited, an eight member group formed by youth aged between 25
and 28 had similar challenges getting credit.

According to the group chairman, Philip Ndiga, the unwillingness of financial
institutions to loan their startup was the reason behind their chama. Mr Ndiga
says his group is eyeing Sh15million in the next five to seven years.

Mr Patrick Kariuki, chairman, Kenya Association of Investment Groups (KAIG),
applauds the youth for their endeavour.

He says that aside from saving, chamas give them an opportunity to network,
benefit from joint ideas and debate investment risks.

He, however, exonerates banks from blame, saying as a business they were
justified to assess risks .associated with supporting start-ups.

The Youth Enterprise Development Fund was formed is lending to start-ups.
According to CEO Juma Mwatata, youth disregard the fund in favour of 'chamas'.
He cites this to lack of information and the desire for huge initial capital.

Mr Mwatata says the Fund, like any other financial institution, is reluctant to
grant heavy funding for start-ups and individuals.

"Start-ups bear high risks, making financial institutions hesitant to loan or
approving part funding. Statistics show that 60 per cent of start-up ventures
collapse in two years of establishment."

Mr Mwatata urges youth to start small and look for expansion funds, thus helping
them to reduce the risk of exposure to huge debt burden while struggling to find
a foundation.

The Youth Fund, like some banking institutions that have capitalised on 'chama'
investments, is also tapping the inexperienced entrepreneurs by unveiling a
product targeting this segment.

The fund has established large funding opportunity for young entrepreneurs and
Mr Mwatata says the product will be available in six months.

It will fund 'chamas,' the investment scheme plan that started as a women's
merry-go-round tool to fund small businesses and acquire household goods.

"We have come up with a credit guarantee scheme that will see us share risks
with partner financial institutions. However, the funding will be assessed on
whether the business is a start-up or an expansion."

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

PM launches youth business loan scheme; Rs2m to be given on easy instalments,
Announces uplift schemes for GB

BYLINE:  Observer Report

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 035

LENGTH: 648  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced the launch of a business loan scheme aimed
at the youth. Under the scheme loans of up to Rs 2 million will be given on easy
instalments. Addressing party workers in Gilgit Baltistan, Prime Minister Sharif
said the youth business loan scheme was being started with a fund of Rs 100
billion and forms will be available in the next few days. Under the scheme,
those between the ages of 21-45 will be able to apply for loans.

The prime minister clarified that an education was not a prerequisite for the
loan and those using this facility could use it towards enhancing their career
and the development of the nation.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday also announced a number of
development scheme for Gilgit-Baltistan including a Cardiac Hospital in Gilgit.
He also directed to expand Gilgit Airport runway to accommodate Jet Flights to
the city. Prime Minister Sharif also announced setting up of a Special Police
Force for the Gilgit Baltistan. He made these announcements while addressing PML
(N) Gilgit chapter party workers.

The Prime Minister said that a number of education and health projects would be
started in Gilgit Baltistan to bring it at par with the developed areas of the
country. He added that the government would ensure provision of basic amenities
of life for the people of Gilgit Baltistan at their doorsteps. The Prime
Minister announced construction of a cardiac hospital in Gilgit so that the
people may get the facility close to their homes, without the hassle of
traveling long distance to seek medical help. He also announced setting up of a
Special Police Force in Gilgit that would be equipped with modern weapons and
would be specially trained to build up their capacity. He said the selection of
the Police Force would strictly be on merit to ensure law and order in the area.
He said the government last year provided funds of eight billion rupees to
Gilgit Baltistan for development schemes.

He said more funds would be made available for the area, however he stressed
that the amount must be used judiciously and there must not be any sort of
corruption in the execution of the projects. The Prime Minister said Gilgit
Baltistan would witness a revolution in progress only if good governance was
strictly observed and the money spent was treated as the trust of the nation.
Mian Nawaz Sharif said a number of new industrial units would be setup in Gilgit
Baltistan.

He added that the value addition of fruits and vegetables could earn precious
foreign exchange. He said this would not only generate employment but would also
help end poverty. The Prime Minister told that a new Youth Business Loan Scheme
is being launched for the benefit of our young population between 21-45 on 7th
December.

He told that loans worth Rs 100 billion, under the PM's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, have been allocated and would be disbursed amongst young men and women
of Gilgit Baltistan besides the people of AJK and Pakistan. He said that it was
aimed at alleviating poverty and unemployment and help them stand on their own
feet and earn a respectable livelihood.

Under the scheme, the youth will be provided loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to
two million and 8 percent of mark-up will be covered by the loan recipient,
while the remaining 7 percent will be provided by the government. The loan will
be payable in 08 years with first year as grace period.

He said work on a number of power generation schemes and development schemes
were under planning including construction of Diamer Bhasha Dam and economic
trade corridor adding that these projects will bring revolution in terms of job
opportunities and industrial development. He said work on Diamer Basha and Dasu
dams will immediately be started while work on Bunji dam will also be started
soon. These projects, he said, will produce over 15 thousand megawatt of
electricity.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

PM launches youth business loan scheme; Rs2m to be given on easy instalments,
Announces uplift schemes for GB

BYLINE:  Observer Report

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 035

LENGTH: 648  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced the launch of a business loan scheme aimed
at the youth. Under the scheme loans of up to Rs 2 million will be given on easy
instalments. Addressing party workers in Gilgit Baltistan, Prime Minister Sharif
said the youth business loan scheme was being started with a fund of Rs 100
billion and forms will be available in the next few days. Under the scheme,
those between the ages of 21-45 will be able to apply for loans.

The prime minister clarified that an education was not a prerequisite for the
loan and those using this facility could use it towards enhancing their career
and the development of the nation.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday also announced a number of
development scheme for Gilgit-Baltistan including a Cardiac Hospital in Gilgit.
He also directed to expand Gilgit Airport runway to accommodate Jet Flights to
the city. Prime Minister Sharif also announced setting up of a Special Police
Force for the Gilgit Baltistan. He made these announcements while addressing PML
(N) Gilgit chapter party workers.

The Prime Minister said that a number of education and health projects would be
started in Gilgit Baltistan to bring it at par with the developed areas of the
country. He added that the government would ensure provision of basic amenities
of life for the people of Gilgit Baltistan at their doorsteps. The Prime
Minister announced construction of a cardiac hospital in Gilgit so that the
people may get the facility close to their homes, without the hassle of
traveling long distance to seek medical help. He also announced setting up of a
Special Police Force in Gilgit that would be equipped with modern weapons and
would be specially trained to build up their capacity. He said the selection of
the Police Force would strictly be on merit to ensure law and order in the area.
He said the government last year provided funds of eight billion rupees to
Gilgit Baltistan for development schemes.

He said more funds would be made available for the area, however he stressed
that the amount must be used judiciously and there must not be any sort of
corruption in the execution of the projects. The Prime Minister said Gilgit
Baltistan would witness a revolution in progress only if good governance was
strictly observed and the money spent was treated as the trust of the nation.
Mian Nawaz Sharif said a number of new industrial units would be setup in Gilgit
Baltistan.

He added that the value addition of fruits and vegetables could earn precious
foreign exchange. He said this would not only generate employment but would also
help end poverty. The Prime Minister told that a new Youth Business Loan Scheme
is being launched for the benefit of our young population between 21-45 on 7th
December.

He told that loans worth Rs 100 billion, under the PM's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, have been allocated and would be disbursed amongst young men and women
of Gilgit Baltistan besides the people of AJK and Pakistan. He said that it was
aimed at alleviating poverty and unemployment and help them stand on their own
feet and earn a respectable livelihood.

Under the scheme, the youth will be provided loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to
two million and 8 percent of mark-up will be covered by the loan recipient,
while the remaining 7 percent will be provided by the government. The loan will
be payable in 08 years with first year as grace period.

He said work on a number of power generation schemes and development schemes
were under planning including construction of Diamer Bhasha Dam and economic
trade corridor adding that these projects will bring revolution in terms of job
opportunities and industrial development. He said work on Diamer Basha and Dasu
dams will immediately be started while work on Bunji dam will also be started
soon. These projects, he said, will produce over 15 thousand megawatt of
electricity.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday

PM believes youth will return every penny of loan

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 180

LENGTH: 107  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday said that the Youth Loans Scheme has
been launched to fulfil promises made with the youth. Addressing a gathering
with regard to the loans scheme in Okara, Sharif said he believes that the youth
will return every penny of their loan amounts.

The premier hoped that the youth business loans will guide Pakistan towards
progress and prosperity. The scheme will alleviate poverty and create job
opportunities, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said.

He said that he is fully convinced that the youth will play their due role in
progress and development of the country with their youthful spirit and
determination.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday

PM believes youth will return every penny of loan

LENGTH: 106  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday said that the Youth Loans Scheme has
been launched to fulfill promises made with the youth.

Addressing a gathering with regard to the loans scheme in Okara, Sharif said he
believes that the youth will return every penny of their loan amounts.

The premier hoped that the youth business loans will guide Pakistan towards
progress and prosperity.

The scheme will alleviate poverty and create job opportunities, Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif said.

He said that he is fully convinced that the youth will play their due role in
progress and development of the country with their youthful spirit and
determination.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday

PM believes youth will return every penny of loan

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 180

LENGTH: 107  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday said that the Youth Loans Scheme has
been launched to fulfil promises made with the youth. Addressing a gathering
with regard to the loans scheme in Okara, Sharif said he believes that the youth
will return every penny of their loan amounts.

The premier hoped that the youth business loans will guide Pakistan towards
progress and prosperity. The scheme will alleviate poverty and create job
opportunities, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said.

He said that he is fully convinced that the youth will play their due role in
progress and development of the country with their youthful spirit and
determination.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

PM launches youth business loan scheme

LENGTH: 648  words

DATELINE: Gilgit


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced the launch of a business loan scheme aimed
at the youth. Under the scheme loans of up to Rs 2 million will be given on easy
instalments. Addressing party workers in Gilgit Baltistan, Prime Minister Sharif
said the youth business loan scheme was being started with a fund of Rs 100
billion and forms will be available in the next few days. Under the scheme,
those between the ages of 21-45 will be able to apply for loans.

The prime minister clarified that an education was not a prerequisite for the
loan and those using this facility could use it towards enhancing their career
and the development of the nation.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday also announced a number of
development scheme for Gilgit-Baltistan including a Cardiac Hospital in Gilgit.
He also directed to expand Gilgit Airport runway to accommodate Jet Flights to
the city. Prime Minister Sharif also announced setting up of a Special Police
Force for the Gilgit Baltistan. He made these announcements while addressing PML
(N) Gilgit chapter party workers.

The Prime Minister said that a number of education and health projects would be
started in Gilgit Baltistan to bring it at par with the developed areas of the
country. He added that the government would ensure provision of basic amenities
of life for the people of Gilgit Baltistan at their doorsteps. The Prime
Minister announced construction of a cardiac hospital in Gilgit so that the
people may get the facility close to their homes, without the hassle of
traveling long distance to seek medical help. He also announced setting up of a
Special Police Force in Gilgit that would be equipped with modern weapons and
would be specially trained to build up their capacity. He said the selection of
the Police Force would strictly be on merit to ensure law and order in the area.
He said the government last year provided funds of eight billion rupees to
Gilgit Baltistan for development schemes.

He said more funds would be made available for the area, however he stressed
that the amount must be used judiciously and there must not be any sort of
corruption in the execution of the projects. The Prime Minister said Gilgit
Baltistan would witness a revolution in progress only if good governance was
strictly observed and the money spent was treated as the trust of the nation.
Mian Nawaz Sharif said a number of new industrial units would be setup in Gilgit
Baltistan.

He added that the value addition of fruits and vegetables could earn precious
foreign exchange. He said this would not only generate employment but would also
help end poverty. The Prime Minister told that a new Youth Business Loan Scheme
is being launched for the benefit of our young population between 21-45 on 7th
December.

He told that loans worth Rs 100 billion, under the PM's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, have been allocated and would be disbursed amongst young men and women
of Gilgit Baltistan besides the people of AJK and Pakistan. He said that it was
aimed at alleviating poverty and unemployment and help them stand on their own
feet and earn a respectable livelihood.

Under the scheme, the youth will be provided loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to
two million and 8 percent of markup will be covered by the loan recipient, while
the remaining 7 percent will be provided by the government. The loan will be
payable in 08 years with first year as grace period.

He said work on a number of power generation schemes and development schemes
were under planning including construction of Diamer Bhasha Dam and economic
trade corridor adding that these projects will bring revolution in terms of job
opportunities and industrial development. He said work on Diamer Basha and Dasu
dams will immediately be started while work on Bunji dam will also be started
soon. These projects, he said, will produce over 15 thousand megawatt of
electricity.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday
                                MainBody Edition

Puzzle of youth boss and R5.4m home loan

BYLINE: THANDUXOLO JIKA

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 440  words


Puzzle of youth boss and R5.4m home loan

House bought with help of Indian bank - that doesn't give bonds

MYSTERY surrounds a multimillion-rand Bank of India bond given to ANC Youth
League president Collen Maine last year to buy a mansion in a posh Pretoria East
suburb.

A month after he was elected unopposed at the youth league conference at
Gallagher Convention Centre, Midrand, in September 2015, Maine bought the
R5.4-million home in Woodhill Estate.

Maine, who has defended the Gupta family amid allegations that it has undue
influence on President Jacob Zuma and cabinet ministers, had the house
registered in his name on December 15.

Deeds office records show that Maine was granted a R5.4-million bond by the Bank
of India. But the bank does not offer home loans and says it deals only with
corporate investments.

The State Bank of India, which does offer home loans, did not respond to
questions about how a South African could qualify for one.

Maine told the Sunday Times this was a private matter and he had no obligation
to reveal which bank had offered him the loan.

"It is bonded by the bank ... that is a private matter. I approached a bank, a
bank gave me a loan," he said.

When pressed to explain if he had received any assistance to get a loan from a
bank that did not offer them, he said: "I don't need assistance from anybody.
Banks don't work on influence; they are not politically linked."

According to several Luthuli House sources, Maine - local government MEC in
North West before he was elected youth league president - earns just less than
R30000 a month. "It is extremely unlikely that the ANC could have matched his
MEC salary," said one source.

Maine told the Sunday Times he could afford repayments on a R5.4-million bond
because of his private businesses. "I have got my other things that I do
privately which have nothing to do with government tenders. I have not stolen
any money," he said.

In his declaration of interests when he was an MP between 2009 and 2014, Maine
said he was a director of Mokone Mokgoloko Consulting, Mokone Mokgoloko
Projects, Southern Ambition 285, Sekukune Trading, and Sign and Seal Trading
193.

According to a company search, all except Mokone Mokgoloko Projects are being
deregistered.

Maine has defended the Guptas on various occasions and called for Mcebisi Jonas
to be disciplined by the ANC after the deputy finance minister confirmed that
the family had offered him a promotion to the National Treasury's top job.

Maine has also been reported as saying that he does not believe the Guptas have
influenced the ANC.

jikat@sundaytimes.co.za

NO ASSISTANCE: ANC Youth League president Collen Maine

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday

Pakistan: PM launches youth business loan scheme

LENGTH: 684  words

DATELINE: Gilgit


Gilgit, Dec. 8 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced the launch of a business
loan scheme aimed at the youth. Under the scheme loans of up to Rs 2 million
will be given on easy instalments. Addressing party workers in Gilgit Baltistan,
Prime Minister Sharif said the youth business loan scheme was being started with
a fund of Rs 100 billion and forms will be available in the next few days. Under
the scheme, those between the ages of 21-45 will be able to apply for loans.

The prime minister clarified that an education was not a prerequisite for the
loan and those using this facility could use it towards enhancing their career
and the development of the nation.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Friday also announced a number of
development scheme for Gilgit-Baltistan including a Cardiac Hospital in Gilgit.
He also directed to expand Gilgit Airport runway to accommodate Jet Flights to
the city. Prime Minister Sharif also announced setting up of a Special Police
Force for the Gilgit Baltistan. He made these announcements while addressing PML
(N) Gilgit chapter party workers.

The Prime Minister said that a number of education and health projects would be
started in Gilgit Baltistan to bring it at par with the developed areas of the
country. He added that the government would ensure provision of basic amenities
of life for the people of Gilgit Baltistan at their doorsteps. The Prime
Minister announced construction of a cardiac hospital in Gilgit so that the
people may get the facility close to their homes, without the hassle of
traveling long distance to seek medical help. He also announced setting up of a
Special Police Force in Gilgit that would be equipped with modern weapons and
would be specially trained to build up their capacity. He said the selection of
the Police Force would strictly be on merit to ensure law and order in the area.
He said the government last year provided funds of eight billion rupees to
Gilgit Baltistan for development schemes.

He said more funds would be made available for the area, however he stressed
that the amount must be used judiciously and there must not be any sort of
corruption in the execution of the projects. The Prime Minister said Gilgit
Baltistan would witness a revolution in progress only if good governance was
strictly observed and the money spent was treated as the trust of the nation.
Mian Nawaz Sharif said a number of new industrial units would be setup in Gilgit
Baltistan.

He added that the value addition of fruits and vegetables could earn precious
foreign exchange. He said this would not only generate employment but would also
help end poverty. The Prime Minister told that a new Youth Business Loan Scheme
is being launched for the benefit of our young population between 21-45 on 7th
December.

He told that loans worth Rs 100 billion, under the PM's Youth Business Loan
Scheme, have been allocated and would be disbursed amongst young men and women
of Gilgit Baltistan besides the people of AJK and Pakistan. He said that it was
aimed at alleviating poverty and unemployment and help them stand on their own
feet and earn a respectable livelihood.

Under the scheme, the youth will be provided loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to
two million and 8 percent of markup will be covered by the loan recipient, while
the remaining 7 percent will be provided by the government. The loan will be
payable in 08 years with first year as grace period.

He said work on a number of power generation schemes and development schemes
were under planning including construction of Diamer Bhasha Dam and economic
trade corridor adding that these projects will bring revolution in terms of job
opportunities and industrial development. He said work on Diamer Basha and Dasu
dams will immediately be started while work on Bunji dam will also be started
soon. These projects, he said, will produce over 15 thousand megawatt of
electricity

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Raising hopes

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. X No. 237

LENGTH: 706  words


Prime Minister (PM) Nawaz Sharif has unveiled an ambitious Rs 100 billion Youth
Empowerment Programme on Saturday. The programme is part of a series of six
youth welfare schemes. The objective of the Business Loan Programme is to
stimulate the economy through investment and job creation. The purpose is to
engage the burgeoning youth into purposeful activities and narrow down their
options of falling into harmful diversions. The rising crime rate in the
country, where crimes such as mugging, snatching, robberies and kidnapping, have
become routine, such entrepreneurial opportunities besides realising the
untapped potential of the younger generation - usually brimming with ideas -
would also give them hope of a stable future. In the first phase 100,000
unemployed youth will get subsidised loans through a ballot with a one year
grace period. The mark-up rate is eight percent for the loanee with a payback
period of eight years.

For the sake of women's empowerment, 50 percent of the loan will be given to
women. According to the PM, a mechanism to ensure transparency and merit has
been developed to make sure that only eligible candidates get loans. The Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) will function as an
advisory body which has already prepared pre-feasibilities of 55 projects.
However, individual business plans would also be welcomed. The PM while talking
about the merits of the programme requested the to-be recipients to invest the
loan wisely while making sure that they return the loan in time. Loans become
productive only when the loan takers give a serious shot to the opportunity. The
loans are being doled out at a time when the country is highly indebted both at
home and internationally. Indeed, with the treasury almost empty, the
government's decision to provide subsidised loans to youth is a welcome step.

The economy is in a bad shape and needs such stimulus and interventions to jump
start the halting engine of the economy. The PM had laid the blame for the
existing economic anomalies inflicting the country on the policies of
nationalisation pursed by Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto in the seventies. Therefore, said
the premier, in order to revive the spirit of private businesses and to pull the
government out of doing business, which he says. is not its business in the
first place, the government has decided to privatise public sector organizations
(PSOs).

There could be some merit to the PM's criticism of nationalisation, but it shows
only one side of the picture. The idea of nationalisation pursued by Bhutto was
not totally flawed. The problem was with the process and the ambition that
followed and hence the finger pointing at the very philosophy that had been
adopted by every developing country to enhance, develop and protect the domestic
market in the emerging industrialised world. There is hardly any developed
country today that had not had a nationalisation policy sewed into its economic
programme while climbing the ladder of development. The UK is one of the biggest
examples. Forming the base of infrastructure and industrial development,
entities such as heavy manufacturing, electricity generation, mining, steel
mill, etc, could only be run by the government in a developing economy. However,
when economic management is handed over to the bureaucracy, nationalisation
falters.

The management of PSOs was given to bureaucrats rather than competent
professionals and the entities were turned into employment houses to accommodate
political connections. These measures had eaten into the fibre of the PSOs in
the country and it will do so again if the PSOs are handed over to incompetent
managers in the name of privatisation. In his zest to pull the government out of
doing business, the PM should not forget this part of the picture that Bhutto
neglected to follow. He needs to put in place the mechanism to monitor the
process of privatisation, and hamper mismanagement making its way into the newly
privatised PSOs. Unless these steps are taken, privatisation would result in
worse outcomes than nationalisation as has already happened in many projects.
However, installing professional management in the existing PSOs could turn the
tide in their favour.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

2.1m pre-feasibilities downloaded from website; Women show overwhelming response
to business loan programme: SMEDA

BYLINE:  Staff Reporters

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 039

LENGTH: 367  words


Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) Website
(www.smeda.org.pk) established new records of popularity among the masses and
especially the youth, as the Prime Minister announced the Youth Business Loan
scheme on December 07, 2013. In just two days, after the announcement of the
scheme, more than one (1) million Pre-feasibility studies were downloaded from
SMEDA website taking the total number of downloads to over a phenomenal 2.1
million! In fact the global ranking of SMEDA website, with content in both
English and Urdu, has improved from 505,489 to 79,488 and it now ranks in the
top 450 websites in Pakistan, moving from 15,764 to 449 in a short span of 3
months. These downloads have been recorded in over 200 cities and towns all over
Pakistan.

SMEDA has been given the lead advisory role in implementation of the Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loan scheme. The 56 Pre-feasibility Studies, related
FAQs, Financial calculators pertaining to loan repayment, balance sheet, income
statement, and cash flow statement, Business Plan Guidelines / Template and
Training Video Documentary on 'How to develop a Business Plan', along with other
related information material, has been specifically designed to cater to the
needs of loan applicants, and to assist them in benefitting from the scheme,
from the comfort of their homes through accessing SMEDA Website. Loan applicants
are also being facilitated through the 25 helpdesks established by SMEDA in 16
cities across Pakistan.

PESHAWAR: The women of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Federally Administered Tribal
Areas (FATA) are showing outstanding response in Prime Minister's Youth Business
Loans programme with a mission to take full advantage of this opportunity and
play positive role in the national development.

Ali Gohar, Incharge PM Youth Business Loan Programme, SMEDA Desk Peshawar told
media on Tuesday that response of women from across Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and FATA
is tremendous and very positive. He said women from Chitral to DI Khan and
Kohistan to Peshawar are contacting SMEDA offices and regional centres about
different aspects of this beneficial program including business schemes,
operational and financial plans.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday

Pakistan: Prime minister vows to end nepotism

BYLINE: Mohammad Ashraf Correspondent

LENGTH: 300 words


Karachi: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday vowed to end nepotism in the
country, while promising that only the most deserving would be able to avail
student loans.

Addressing the gathering at the launch of a youth loan scheme in Hyderabad,
Sharif said that every youth loan would be disbursed based on merit.

The prime minister said that transparency would be maintained at any cost,
adding that even he was not qualified to recommend anyone under the scheme. "We
have to eliminate the culture of favouritism and recommendations," he said,
adding that billions of rupees in loans had already been granted to individuals
and groups.

He questioned the process whereby a rich student was able to get a Rs20 billion
(Dh696 million) loan, even as a poor student struggled to get approval for a
paltry sum.

"It is the youth who are the builders of Pakistan's future and they are the
force that would take the reign of the country," he said.

He said that the youth and their development were the government's priority.

The premier estimated that more than 100,000 youth would benefit from the loan
scheme.

Under the recently launched scheme - allocating Rs100 billion for the initiative
- anyone in the age bracket of 18 to 45 years is eligible to get a loan of up to
Rs2 million for any commercial venture in the urban and rural economies.

The State-run National Bank of Pakistan sources said that 4,000 applicants had
fulfilled the criteria of the loan so far, whereas 10,000 applications were
still pending approval. Sources said that the banks may finalise 15,000
applications by the end of January.

The scheme was launched to create jobs as at present the public and private
sectors' capacity to create more jobs was saturated amid low economic growth,
which averaged a mere three per cent in the past few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              March 2, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: Power outages to vanish soon: Nawaz

LENGTH: 1007  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 2 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has assured the nation that
elimination of power shortages is the top priority of the government and
electricity loadshedding will soon become a story of the past as the government
has planned power generation for meeting the needs of the next quarter of the
century.

He was addressing the jam-packed Jinnah Convention Centre with the aspirants of
Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Programme here on Friday. The first balloting
for the soft loans up to Rs2 million under the programme was carried out on the
occasion. Federal Finance Minister Senator Muhammad Ishaq Dar and Chairperson of
the programme Maryam Nawaz Sharif also spoke on the occasion. Prime Minister
Nawaz expressed the hope that the programme would bring a much-needed turnaround
in the economy and it also would weed out unemployment from the country.

He said that the government was committed to empowering the youth by providing
them Rs3.7 billion easy loans as it would not only help the country but also
strengthen the national economy. He recalled with regret that 70/80 percent of
the youth population had no access to loans in the past as only influential
businessmen were entitled to get hefty loans from banks and fiscal institutions.

The prime minister told the exuberant gathering that the youth would lead the
nation as in the major developed countries, 80 percent of youth were playing
their role in strengthening economies of their respective countries. He said
these youth would come forward by starting their own businesses in various
sectors, which would not only benefit them but they would also be in a position
to employ other persons.

The prime minister noted that he had not raised the slogan to change the destiny
of the nation just for getting votes, but it was the commitment to provide jobs
to the people and make them respectable citizens. "I had planned to undertake
such programme when I was elected the prime minister in 1990," Nawaz Sharif
added.

He said that around 36,000 applications, including 2,800 from the Punjab, 600
from the Islamabad Capital Territory, 3,500 from the KPK, 100 from
Gilgit-Baltistan, 1,000 from Balochistan and 3,000 from Sindh, were received. He
said out of these applications, 6,000 were selected for balloting, of which
5,399 would be given loans.

He said that the applicants were selected according to the provincial quota and
said the target for 2014 was 100,000 applicants.

The prime minister said the successful candidates would be informed through SMS
within hours after the balloting. He said that the country's GDP showed a growth
of five percent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17 percent
increase in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded at 6.6 percent till
December 2013.

He said in the beginning, the government had to take some tough decisions. The
premier said that nothing was done for the uplift of the country in the past 14
years and that was why the people were suffering from unbelievable long
loadshedding.

He said it was the top priority of the government to reduce the energy crisis,
adding the government after coming into power, reduced the loadshedding duration
through better management and would further reduce it through the best policy.

He said that there was still 7,000MW shortfall in demand and supply and the
government would not only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000MW
of electricity.

The prime minister said work on the Karachi-Lahore Motorway would be started
very soon where Lahore-Multan, Karachi-Hyderabad, Sukkur-Multan and
Sukkur-Hyderabad sections would be constructed simultaneously.

Chairperson of the programme Maryam Nawaz said on the occasion that female
applicants from the Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory had been selected
through balloting while all the female applications from the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir had been
approved. The issuance of cheques for them is starting forthwith, she added.

Moreover, the prime minister remarked that the volume of loans to a particular
province would not surpass the provincial quota based on the population of that
province and for the year 2013-14, the government had targeted 100,000
applicants to disburse loans.

He urged the people from all the provinces, particularly women, to come forward
for taking part in national development and apply for the loan to utilise the
allocated limit for their respective provinces.

The gathering was told that balloting had been carried out among the male
applicants from the Punjab as they outnumbered the set allocated quota while the
rest of the applications from other provinces were far lower than the quota.

The premier said 38,000 total applications received by the banks comprised
31,000 men and 7,000 women and majority of them were aged between 21 to 30
years.

Later, the prime minister carried out the balloting by pressing a computer key.

Addressing the gathering, Finance Minister Ishaq Dar said the country's economy
suffered due to uneven distribution of resources in the past as the youth
population was never made a partner in national development. He said the State
Bank had directed all the commercial banks to divert their resources to the PM's
Youth Loan Scheme. If they tilt only 10 percent of the country's total loan
portfolio worth Rs5,000 billion, the youth would get around Rs500 billion loan,
he added.

Referring to the government's steps to improve the national economy, he said a
survey carried out by a Japanese organisation revealed that Pakistan would be
the choicest place within the next few years.

A renowned economist Jim O'Neill also forecast Pakistan as the 18th biggest
economy by the year 2050. The minister expressed the hope that the government
with the present pace would make it possible by 2025

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Students win review: Liberals compromise. Youth wing okays pledge to reinvest
'massively' in loan and bursary program

BYLINE: HUBERT BAUCH, The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 495  words


Quebec's young Liberals yesterday settled for a vague promise rather than the
firm pledge they had sought to restore student bursaries cut by their party's
government.

A potentially divisive showdown at this weekend's provincial Liberal convention
between the youth wing and the party establishment was averted when youth
representatives accepted a compromise on a motion they had put forward calling
on the government to restore $103 million in student bursaries the government
converted to loans in the last provincial budget.

The move sparked a wave of student protests across the province, and a new poll
showed three-quarters of Quebecers oppose the move.

The youth wing wanted the full amount of the bursaries restored in next year's
budget, but Education Minister Pierre Reid persuaded the youth wing to accept an
amendment that simply called for "massive" reinvestment in the loan and bursary
program in the next budget.

The amended motion, which also calls for a complete review of the loan and
bursary program, was overwhelmingly approved by the convention delegates and
applauded by youth wing members.

Reid said restoring the cut bursaries would have been only a piecemeal measure,
whereas the government intends to conduct a full-scale review of the system.

"We have committed ourselves to provide the financial means to improve the
system," Reid told reporters. "We want to do a complete overhaul, not on a
piece-by-piece basis, and look at the totality of what has to be changed."

Youth wing president Simon Begin declared the compromise resolution an enormous
victory.

"What we wanted is an overall revision, and we'll have that now."

"What counts is that students will have more money, and that it will come with
the next budget," Begin said."

He added youth representatives will meet with Reid soon to discuss specifics,
and that for the moment he's not concerned that the government will try to
shortchange the students. "We'll judge the government by its actions. The fact
that Mr. Reid supported the resolution and so did the members is satisfactory to
us."

But while the Liberal youth were content with the compromise, other student
representatives were less happy.

"There's maybe an opening, but we're not satisfied with what was brought forward
today," said Jonathan Plamondon, vice-president of the provincial CEGEP students
association. "There's nothing about reducing student debt, and there's nothing
about lowering the ceiling on loans. This won't solve the problem."

Pierre-Alain Benoit, secretary-general of the Universite de Montreal students
federation, said the compromise was a way to save political face for Reid while
avoiding a specific commitment. "It would have been a political blow for him to
go back on something he already announced. We're happy the government has
committed itself to reinvest money in the loan and bursary system, but what
concerns us is how much money and where exactly it will be invested."

hbauch@ thegazette.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: ALLEN MCINNIS, THE GAZETTE; Students gathered outside the
provincial Liberal convention at the Palais des congres yesterday. While the
Liberal youth wing seemed content with the deal reached yesterday, other student
representatives argued the amendment was a way for the education minister to
save face while avoiding a specific commitment.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday

Nawaz advises media to be 'just'

BYLINE:  AMIR WASIM

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 336

LENGTH: 751  words


Seemingly unhappy over criticism of the government for the current wave of price
hike, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has advised the media to "guide" the
government instead of "criticising" it.

Speaking at a ceremony on Saturday after inaugurating a Rs100 billion loan
scheme he had announced for unemployed youths in his address to the nation in
September, Mr Sharif urged the media to be just.

The prime minister admitted that the country had been witnessing a price spiral
because of an increase in power tariff, but at the same time he complained about
the role of media in highlighting this aspect. He said there was a hue and cry
when prices of onion and tomato went up, but there was silence when they came
down.

Without elaborating, he said it was painful to see criticism even of his good
actions.

Interestingly, during his speech, Mr Sharif asked the participants what was the
Urdu word for onion.

While giving his thoughtful advice to the media, he ignored the fact that his
media managers, as usual, had not invited reporters to cover the event and that
he never had had any interaction with journalists in the capital since assuming
office in June.

Like all rulers, Mr Sharif blamed his predecessors for the current crises,
saying his government has inherited big problems, including a weak economy,
power shortage, terrorism and law and order. He, however, added: "We accepted
the challenge and immediately started working towards solutions."

Highlighting his achievements, he said the government had started new power
projects, retired the circular debt and launched targeted operations against
terrorists. However, he said, time was required to see results of his efforts.

Mr Sharif criticised Z.A. Bhutto's decision of nationalising institutions,
including factories and mills. He said it was because of this wrong step that
investors had started leaving the country. He was of the view that before Mr
Bhutto's decision in 1970s, the country was making good economic progress.

Mr Sharif said during his previous governments they privatised banks and
institutions which were running in losses and today they had become
profit-earning institutions. He said soon his government was going to privatise
loss-making institutions and departments.

The prime minister, however, said his government in the past five months had put
its focus on the promises his party had made during election campaign.

He said the government had opened new avenues for youths to stand on firm
footings. "During the election campaign, I witnessed the vigour and enthusiasm
that the youths showed and I promised that the government should empower them so
that they can contribute effectively towards development of the country," he
said. "I decided to accept heavy responsibility of forming the government only
for youths and to solve their problems because they are the future of Pakistan."

The prime minister claimed that there would be a complete transparency in
awarding loan and an effective monitoring mechanism had been evolved to ensure
merit.

He said Rs100bn had been allocated for this programme during the current
financial year and in the first phase 100,000 unemployed youths would be
provided loans through ballot. "No-one, even myself would have the authority to
influence the loan awarding process," he said. Under the scheme, he said, youths
would have eight years payback time with a grace period of one year.

Mr Sharif said the government reposed complete trust in youths and expected that
loans would be utilised effectively to generate business and employment
opportunities. He said the government was also planning to launch a low-cost
housing scheme for the poor.

Earlier, the honorary chairperson of the youth programme and the prime
minister's daughter Maryam Nawaz gave salient features of the scheme. She said
the most important advantage of the programme was that youths would be converted
from "dependents" to "providers".

The programme comprises six schemes - Business Loans Programme, Micro-Interest
Free Loans Programme, Skill Development Programme, Fee Reimbursement for
Deserving Students Programme and Training Programme.

About 50 per cent of loans have been allocated for girls.

Maryam Nawaz told the gathering that pre-feasibility reports of 55 projects had
already been prepared and were available on Smeda's website.

However, she said, if the applicant had his/her own business plan that too would
be acceptable.

The loan will be disbursed through the National Bank of Pakistan and the First
Women's Bank.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday

Nawaz advises media to be 'just'

BYLINE:  AMIR WASIM

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 280

LENGTH: 751  words


Seemingly unhappy over criticism of the government for the current wave of price
hike, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has advised the media to "guide" the
government instead of "criticising" it.

Speaking at a ceremony on Saturday after inaugurating a Rs100 billion loan
scheme he had announced for unemployed youths in his address to the nation in
September, Mr Sharif urged the media to be just.

The prime minister admitted that the country had been witnessing a price spiral
because of an increase in power tariff, but at the same time he complained about
the role of media in highlighting this aspect. He said there was a hue and cry
when prices of onion and tomato went up, but there was silence when they came
down.

Without elaborating, he said it was painful to see criticism even of his good
actions.

Interestingly, during his speech, Mr Sharif asked the participants what was the
Urdu word for onion.

While giving his thoughtful advice to the media, he ignored the fact that his
media managers, as usual, had not invited reporters to cover the event and that
he never had had any interaction with journalists in the capital since assuming
office in June.

Like all rulers, Mr Sharif blamed his predecessors for the current crises,
saying his government has inherited big problems, including a weak economy,
power shortage, terrorism and law and order. He, however, added: "We accepted
the challenge and immediately started working towards solutions."

Highlighting his achievements, he said the government had started new power
projects, retired the circular debt and launched targeted operations against
terrorists. However, he said, time was required to see results of his efforts.

Mr Sharif criticised Z.A. Bhutto's decision of nationalising institutions,
including factories and mills. He said it was because of this wrong step that
investors had started leaving the country. He was of the view that before Mr
Bhutto's decision in 1970s, the country was making good economic progress.

Mr Sharif said during his previous governments they privatised banks and
institutions which were running in losses and today they had become
profit-earning institutions. He said soon his government was going to privatise
loss-making institutions and departments.

The prime minister, however, said his government in the past five months had put
its focus on the promises his party had made during election campaign.

He said the government had opened new avenues for youths to stand on firm
footings. "During the election campaign, I witnessed the vigour and enthusiasm
that the youths showed and I promised that the government should empower them so
that they can contribute effectively towards development of the country," he
said. "I decided to accept heavy responsibility of forming the government only
for youths and to solve their problems because they are the future of Pakistan."

The prime minister claimed that there would be a complete transparency in
awarding loan and an effective monitoring mechanism had been evolved to ensure
merit.

He said Rs100bn had been allocated for this programme during the current
financial year and in the first phase 100,000 unemployed youths would be
provided loans through ballot. "No-one, even myself would have the authority to
influence the loan awarding process," he said. Under the scheme, he said, youths
would have eight years payback time with a grace period of one year.

Mr Sharif said the government reposed complete trust in youths and expected that
loans would be utilised effectively to generate business and employment
opportunities. He said the government was also planning to launch a low-cost
housing scheme for the poor.

Earlier, the honorary chairperson of the youth programme and the prime
minister's daughter Maryam Nawaz gave salient features of the scheme. She said
the most important advantage of the programme was that youths would be converted
from "dependents" to "providers".

The programme comprises six schemes - Business Loans Programme, Micro-Interest
Free Loans Programme, Skill Development Programme, Fee Reimbursement for
Deserving Students Programme and Training Programme.

About 50 per cent of loans have been allocated for girls.

Maryam Nawaz told the gathering that pre-feasibility reports of 55 projects had
already been prepared and were available on Smeda's website.

However, she said, if the applicant had his/her own business plan that too would
be acceptable.

The loan will be disbursed through the National Bank of Pakistan and the First
Women's Bank.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              March 2, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: Youth Loan programme: PM Nawaz offers easy loans worth Rs3.7 billion

LENGTH: 439  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 2 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday offered to provide
easy loans worth Rs 3.7 billion to help empower the country's youth.

In the past, Premier Nawaz said, only influential businesspersons were eligible
for bank loans. Almost 70% of the country's population did not have access to
loans, he told the first balloting ceremony of the Business Youth Loan Scheme at
Islamabad's Convention Centre.

"It is the youth that will lead the nation by playing their role in
strengthening the economy," Nawaz said adding that young entrepreneurs would not
only be working in different sectors but would also help generate jobs for
others.

Around 38,000 applications, including 28,000 from Punjab, 600 from Islamabad
Capital Territory, 3,500 from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, 100 from Gilgit-Baltistan,
1,000 from Balochistan, 500 from Azad Kashmir and 3,000 from Sindh have been
received under the youth loan programme, a statement released from the prime
minister's office stated.

Out of the total 6,127 were approved for balloting, of which 5,399 would be
given loans.

In his speech, Nawaz said that the applicants were selected on the basis of the
provincial quota. Some 100,000 loans are to be offered every year.

Speaking on the country's economy, he maintained that the country's GDP showed a
growth of five per cent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17
per cent increase in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded 6.6 per cent
until December 2013.

"Nothing was being done for the uplift of country in the past and that is why
the people have been suffering due to long hours of load-shedding," Nawaz said.
He added that resolving the energy crisis was the country's priority and since
the government has assumed power, loadshedding hours have been cut down.

He said there was still a shortfall of 7,000 MW and the government would not
only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000 MW of electricity.

The prime minister said work on Karachi-Lahore Motorway would soon commence
whereas Lahore-Multan, Sukkur-Multan and Sukkur-Hyderabad sections would be
completed.

The head of the Prime Minister's Business Youth Programme Maryam Nawaz on the
occasion said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory
have been selected through balloting while all the female applications from
Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and
Kashmir had been approved

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

PM youth programmes; Various schemes in pipeline to benefit youth

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 359

LENGTH: 365  words


In a bid to eliminate unemployment, particularly among youth, the government is
taking different initiatives that could benefit youth in short and long-term
basis.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, on September 12, issued instructions to
immediately initiate programmes and schemes targeting lower strata of society
and educated youth, official sources said.

Youth Development Fellowship (YDF) Programme, Youth Training Programme, Youth
Skills Development Programme and Youth Business Loan Scheme and few others are
some of the prominent programmes being offered by the federal government.

Through Youth Development Fellowship Programme highly qualified young Pakistani
students and fresh graduates from renowned international universities will be
engaged for a period of one year with Rs. 60,000 stipend.

This programme is being initiated to tap the enormous talent of youth in
Pakistan and the diaspora community that is willing to work with the government
in providing innovative solutions to address the economic problems being faced
by the country.

Under the Youth Training Programme, qualified youth, both from the public and
private sector universities and colleges, would be selected for an internship
programme.

In this programme, emphasis will be laid on the inclusion of qualified youth
from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and Balochistan.

Under the Youth Skills Development Programme, skills would be imparted to the
youth of the country which would help them to obtain better jobs.

Moreover, Prime Minister's laptop scheme will be implemented at the federal
level.

Prime Minister's Scheme for Reimbursement of Fee for less-privileged will ensure
that no one remains un-educated due to financial constraints.

Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme has already been launched on December
07, 2013, for which Rs. 100 billion have been allocated.

National Bank and First Women Bank have been appointed to disburse these loans
in the first phase.

There has been a very encouraging response to the scheme by the youth which is
evident from the fact that more than six million downloads of the details have
been made about various schemes by December 20, 2013 at SMEDA website.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

PM youth programmes; Various schemes in pipeline to benefit youth

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 359

LENGTH: 365  words


In a bid to eliminate unemployment, particularly among youth, the government is
taking different initiatives that could benefit youth in short and long-term
basis.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, on September 12, issued instructions to
immediately initiate programmes and schemes targeting lower strata of society
and educated youth, official sources said.

Youth Development Fellowship (YDF) Programme, Youth Training Programme, Youth
Skills Development Programme and Youth Business Loan Scheme and few others are
some of the prominent programmes being offered by the federal government.

Through Youth Development Fellowship Programme highly qualified young Pakistani
students and fresh graduates from renowned international universities will be
engaged for a period of one year with Rs. 60,000 stipend.

This programme is being initiated to tap the enormous talent of youth in
Pakistan and the diaspora community that is willing to work with the government
in providing innovative solutions to address the economic problems being faced
by the country.

Under the Youth Training Programme, qualified youth, both from the public and
private sector universities and colleges, would be selected for an internship
programme.

In this programme, emphasis will be laid on the inclusion of qualified youth
from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and Balochistan.

Under the Youth Skills Development Programme, skills would be imparted to the
youth of the country which would help them to obtain better jobs.

Moreover, Prime Minister's laptop scheme will be implemented at the federal
level.

Prime Minister's Scheme for Reimbursement of Fee for less-privileged will ensure
that no one remains un-educated due to financial constraints.

Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme has already been launched on December
07, 2013, for which Rs. 100 billion have been allocated.

National Bank and First Women Bank have been appointed to disburse these loans
in the first phase.

There has been a very encouraging response to the scheme by the youth which is
evident from the fact that more than six million downloads of the details have
been made about various schemes by December 20, 2013 at SMEDA website.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

PM youth programmes; Various schemes in pipeline to benefit youth

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 359

LENGTH: 365  words


In a bid to eliminate unemployment, particularly among youth, the government is
taking different initiatives that could benefit youth in short and long-term
basis.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, on September 12, issued instructions to
immediately initiate programmes and schemes targeting lower strata of society
and educated youth, official sources said.

Youth Development Fellowship (YDF) Programme, Youth Training Programme, Youth
Skills Development Programme and Youth Business Loan Scheme and few others are
some of the prominent programmes being offered by the federal government.

Through Youth Development Fellowship Programme highly qualified young Pakistani
students and fresh graduates from renowned international universities will be
engaged for a period of one year with Rs. 60,000 stipend.

This programme is being initiated to tap the enormous talent of youth in
Pakistan and the diaspora community that is willing to work with the government
in providing innovative solutions to address the economic problems being faced
by the country.

Under the Youth Training Programme, qualified youth, both from the public and
private sector universities and colleges, would be selected for an internship
programme.

In this programme, emphasis will be laid on the inclusion of qualified youth
from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and Balochistan.

Under the Youth Skills Development Programme, skills would be imparted to the
youth of the country which would help them to obtain better jobs.

Moreover, Prime Minister's laptop scheme will be implemented at the federal
level.

Prime Minister's Scheme for Reimbursement of Fee for less-privileged will ensure
that no one remains un-educated due to financial constraints.

Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme has already been launched on December
07, 2013, for which Rs. 100 billion have been allocated.

National Bank and First Women Bank have been appointed to disburse these loans
in the first phase.

There has been a very encouraging response to the scheme by the youth which is
evident from the fact that more than six million downloads of the details have
been made about various schemes by December 20, 2013 at SMEDA website.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

PM youth programmes; Various schemes in pipeline to benefit youth

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 359

LENGTH: 365  words


In a bid to eliminate unemployment, particularly among youth, the government is
taking different initiatives that could benefit youth in short and long-term
basis.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, on September 12, issued instructions to
immediately initiate programmes and schemes targeting lower strata of society
and educated youth, official sources said.

Youth Development Fellowship (YDF) Programme, Youth Training Programme, Youth
Skills Development Programme and Youth Business Loan Scheme and few others are
some of the prominent programmes being offered by the federal government.

Through Youth Development Fellowship Programme highly qualified young Pakistani
students and fresh graduates from renowned international universities will be
engaged for a period of one year with Rs. 60,000 stipend.

This programme is being initiated to tap the enormous talent of youth in
Pakistan and the diaspora community that is willing to work with the government
in providing innovative solutions to address the economic problems being faced
by the country.

Under the Youth Training Programme, qualified youth, both from the public and
private sector universities and colleges, would be selected for an internship
programme.

In this programme, emphasis will be laid on the inclusion of qualified youth
from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and Balochistan.

Under the Youth Skills Development Programme, skills would be imparted to the
youth of the country which would help them to obtain better jobs.

Moreover, Prime Minister's laptop scheme will be implemented at the federal
level.

Prime Minister's Scheme for Reimbursement of Fee for less-privileged will ensure
that no one remains un-educated due to financial constraints.

Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme has already been launched on December
07, 2013, for which Rs. 100 billion have been allocated.

National Bank and First Women Bank have been appointed to disburse these loans
in the first phase.

There has been a very encouraging response to the scheme by the youth which is
evident from the fact that more than six million downloads of the details have
been made about various schemes by December 20, 2013 at SMEDA website.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                February 5, 1999

2,500 benefit from youth economic development fund

BYLINE: By Jaswinder Kaur

SECTION: National; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 261 words

DATELINE: Kota Kinabalu


KOTA KINABALU, Thurs. - A total of 2,500 youths have benefited from the
Youth Economic Development Trust Fund over the past decade.

Deputy Youth and Sports Minister Datuk Loke Yuen Yow said the fund had
given out RM36 million for youths to carry out business during the period.

He said 84 youths had benefited from the fund in Sabah and RM1.5 million
given out as loans over the past 10 years.

Speaking to reporters after opening a seminar on "Sabah Youth Economic
Development" at the Pan Pacific Sutera, near here, today, on behalf of
Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin, Loke said the fund was an attractive
one as no interest was charged.

"Loan holders need only pay a two per cent service charge. The scheme is
very attractive and we have received many applications.

"We also have to check carefully if applicants will use the loan for
business. Some have put the money into banks while others have not repaid
their loans."

He said another factor that the ministry would consider before giving
out loans was the viability of the venture.

In his speech, read out by Loke, Muhyiddin said the people should
support the Government's efforts to revive the economy.

He said the people should be prudent in their spending in view of the
economic slowdown.

He said many entrepreneurs were facing problems keeping their businesses
afloat while some had to cease operations.

"However, the slowdown has caused some entrepreneurs to become creative
and innovative. Some have even succeeded in their ventures by taking
risks," he said.


LOAD-DATE: April 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1999 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              623 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

NBP enhance lending portfolio for PM Youth Business Loan programme: NBP
President

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 308

LENGTH: 912  words


National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) took one more leap forward on Monday and signed
a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Master Motors to provide commercial
vehicles to the applicants seeking loans under the Prime Minister Youth Business
Loan Scheme (PMYBL).

Speaking to media NBP President Syed Ahmed Iqbal Ashraf said that the bank was
making hectic efforts and forming alliances with different groups and companies
to make the PM Youth Business Loan resultoriented. NBP chief stated this at the
MoU signing ceremony with the Master Motors on Monday at the NBP Head Office.

This ceremony was attended by Syed Ahmed Iqbal Ashraf  President &amp; CEO of
National Bank of Pakistan, Mudassir H. Khan  SEVP &amp; Group Chief, Commercial
&amp; Retail Banking Group, and S. H. Irtiza Kazmi  EVP &amp; Coordinator
PMYBL, Commercial &amp; Retail Banking Group, Syed Ibne Hassan, Divisional
Head(A)CCD. While Master Motor Corporation (Pvt.) Ltd. was represented by Mr.
Nadeem Malik  Managing Director, Mohammad Nadeem  General Manager Finance, and
Mr. Mohammad Suleman  Senior General Manager Marketing and Sales at Master
Motors Corporation (Pvt) Ltd.

NBP President said that the bank would form alliance with more groups and
companies in the days ahead with the aim to make available a wide range of
products/items to the borrowers of the PMYBL scheme.

He also said that the NBP would enhance lending portfolio for the PM Youth
Business Loan programme. NBP President said that the bank would continue to
support the PMYBL programme irrespective of the fact that any other bank
participates in this programme or not. He said that the NBP would always support
the national interest of the country.

He also pointed out that the ratio of recovery of PMYBL programme was 98 percent
that was the highest and it shows the proper utilization of the loans amount and
progress in the businesses started/expanded with this programme.

Answering a question Mudassir H. Khan of the NBP said that the PM Youth Business
Loan programme would prove a milestone for the business and economic growth in
the country. He said that several highly educated youths don't get jobs and this
programme would be very beneficial for those who want to start their own
business by getting loans.

In any economy, small and medium enterprises stimulate domestic demand through
jobs creation, innovation and competition, he said, adding thus, the SMEs can be
driving force behind a resilient and sustainable economic growth.

Prioritizing SME development is critical for promoting inclusive economic growth
in most economies, he said. Adequate access to finance is crucial for SMEs to
survive and eventually graduate beyond their SME status.

He further stated that the realy is that in most development countries, SMEs
have poor access to finance, which is one of the core factors impeding SME
development. Furthermore, lack of proper documentation and information sharing
between lenders and potential SME borrower leads to adverse selection and moral
hazard risks for financial institutions.

NBP's Irtiza Kazmi told media that the bank was providing loans throughout the
country. He said that nearly 5,000 people have already got loans and remaining
cases were in the process of approval.

He said that the formation of alliance with Master Motors would lead to the
availability of the commercial vehicles at affordable cost to the borrowers of
the scheme.

He said that improving financial access to SMEs is expected to bring more
benefits, including enhancing production quality, increasing new business
opportunities, stimulating investment and consumption at the national level, and
mobilizing savings.

Financing the SME cluster will also improve the business efficiency of smaller
exportoriented manufacturers, he said, adding access to finance for
subcontracted SMEs will promote intraregional trade.

The NBP officials said that being the largest public sector bank NBP has always
played a vital role in product innovation and penetrating the hitherto neglected
market segments. While sharing the commitment of the Government towards
uplifting the youth and providing them opportunities of financial independence
through selfemployment, NBP has yet again demonstrated its lead position by
leading the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan program, they said.

NBP has made significant progress in successfully implementing this scheme.
Until now, over 4,912 successful applicants have been provided loans,
collectively amounting to over PKR 2.885 Billion. NBP is confident that this
program, apart from being beneficial for the bank, will also facilitate the SMEs
in leading a positive multiplier effect, thereby yielding sustainable economic
growth. NBP has taken a proactive approach in targeting the prospective customer
base in order to successfully achieve the objectives of the PMYBL scheme. NBP
will continue to retain its lead role in the PMYBL scheme, while penetrating
into more desirable market segments. To achieve the dual objective of promoting
the PMYBL program, and to facilitate the prospective borrowers, NBP is
developing a resource pool by entering into alliances with various business
groups.

Master Motors is one of the leading manufacturers and assemblers of Chinese
commercial vehicles in Pakistan. The company is also producing some products for
the world's leading brand, Mitsubishi in Pakistan that shows the quality, trust
and reliability of our vehicles, Nadeem Malik, MD of Master Motors said.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: PM youth programmes; Various schemes in pipeline to benefit youth

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 31 -- In a bid to eliminate unemployment,

particularly among youth, the government is taking different

initiatives that could benefit youth in short and long-term basis.

Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, on September 12, issued

instructions to immediately initiate programmes and schemes

targeting lower strata of society and educated youth, official

sources said.

Youth Development Fellowship (YDF) Programme, Youth Training

Programme, Youth Skills Development Programme and Youth Business

Loan Scheme and few others are some of the prominent programmes

being offered by the federal government.

Through Youth Development Fellowship Programme highly

qualified young Pakistani students and fresh graduates from renowned

international universities will be engaged for a period of one year

with Rs. 60,000 stipend.

This programme is being initiated to tap the enormous talent

of youth in Pakistan and the diaspora community that is willing to

work with the government in providing innovative solutions to

address the economic problems being faced by the country.

Under the Youth Training Programme, qualified youth, both from

the public and private sector universities and colleges, would be

selected for an internship programme.

In this programme, emphasis will be laid on the inclusion of

qualified youth from Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) and

Balochistan.

Under the Youth Skills Development Programme, skills would be

imparted to the youth of the country which would help them to obtain

better jobs.

Moreover, Prime Minister's laptop scheme will be implemented

at the federal level.

Prime Minister's Scheme for Reimbursement of Fee for

less-privileged will ensure that no one remains un-educated due to

financial constraints.

Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme has already been

launched on December 07, 2013, for which Rs. 100 billion have been

allocated.

National Bank and First Women Bank have been appointed to

disburse these loans in the first phase.

There has been a very encouraging response to the scheme by

the youth which is evident from the fact that more than six million

downloads of the details have been made about various schemes by

December 20, 2013 at SMEDA website

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                          September 30, 2010 Thursday

Raman plans education, job loans at 3%

BYLINE: Joseph John

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: Raipur


The Raman Singh government is working on an ambitious scheme aimed at
drastically slashing the rate of interest to just 3 per cent per annum on loans
for self-employment and education. It is a move to counter Congress general
secretary Rahul Gandhi's campaign to attract youths to his party.

"A draft policy and working plan are being prepared to implement the CM's Skill
Development Programme under which the state's youth would be imparted training
and provided with a soft loan at a rate of interest of 3 per cent per annum for
taking up self-employment initiatives," a government spokesman said .

The state also plans to launch a Skill Development Mission, to be implemented in
all the districts, to impart technical and vocational training to youths as the
BJP government feels it could directly help the unemployed men and women. In the
second phase, the government plans to launch a scheme aimed at providing
educational loan for higher studies at the rate of interest of 3 per cent for
students, who now avail education loans from banks at a rate of interest of over
11 per cent per annum.

Both schemes are to be implemented through banks. The state government would
reimburse the difference in the rate of interest to the banks concerned, the
spokesman said.

BJP sources said the idea to launch pro-youth schemes came up in the light of
Rahul Gandhi's campaign to involve youth in politics through his programmes,
including visits to universities. "Our leadership felt that the Congress, which
is in power at the Centre for the past seven years, did not come up with
concrete schemes for the youth even as Rahul Gandhi has been talking about
involving them in politics. Currently, a car loan is cheaper than education
loan. We want to address such basic issues," a senior BJP leader said.

The state has already slashed the rate of interest of farm loan to 3 per cent
per annum and has been providing subsidised rice to 37 lakh BPL families under
the CM's Food Security scheme.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

SECTION: Vol. X No. 238

LENGTH: 452  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate common man applying for loan and
also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful to
reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country.

PML-N MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi
Memon said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday.

In this regards, the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from
PML-N, four other members from business community and banking sector, she said.

Besides this, the monitoring team would have some covered members to check the
whole activity from receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of
forms at banks to make the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto.

The micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said.

The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided to the youth of
Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and remaining burden of
the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful.

In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the skills of
youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business plan in more
than 50 areas of business, Memon said.

Any one applying for loan have one guarantor possessing good creditability as
standards set by the banks to ensure the repayment of public money and also best
utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form.

After securitising forms by banks, applicants would be eligible for balloting to
be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans ranging from one
hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the program said.

The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces in the scheme
and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said.

PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving economic indicators and
also reduce the corruption index, she said.

Besides this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also
apply for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

LENGTH: 452  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate  common man applying for loan
and also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful
to reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country.

PML-N MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi
Memon said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday.

In this regards, the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from
PML-N, four other members from business community and banking sector, she said.

Besides this, the monitoring team would have some covered members to check the
whole activity from receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of
forms at banks to make the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto.

The micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said.

The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided to the youth of
Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and remaining burden of
the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful.

In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the skills of
youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business plan in more
than 50 areas of business, Memon said.

Any one applying for loan have one guarantor possessing good creditability as
standards set by the banks to ensure the repayment of public money and also best
utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form.

After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible for balloting to
be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans ranging from one
hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the program said.

The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces in the scheme
and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said.

PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving economic indicators and
also reduce the corruption index, she said.

Besides this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also
apply for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

LENGTH: 452  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate  common man applying for loan
and also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful
to reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country.

PML-N MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi
Memon said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday.

In this regards, the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from
PML-N, four other members from business community and banking sector, she said.

Besides this, the monitoring team would have some covered members to check the
whole activity from receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of
forms at banks to make the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto.

The micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said.

The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided to the youth of
Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and remaining burden of
the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful.

In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the skills of
youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business plan in more
than 50 areas of business, Memon said.

Any one applying for loan have one guarantor possessing good creditability as
standards set by the banks to ensure the repayment of public money and also best
utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form.

After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible for balloting to
be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans ranging from one
hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the program said.

The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces in the scheme
and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said.

PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving economic indicators and
also reduce the corruption index, she said.

Besides this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also
apply for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

LENGTH: 452  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate  common man applying for loan
and also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful
to reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country.

PML-N MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi
Memon said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday.

In this regards, the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from
PML-N, four other members from business community and banking sector, she said.

Besides this, the monitoring team would have some covered members to check the
whole activity from receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of
forms at banks to make the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto.

The micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said.

The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided to the youth of
Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and remaining burden of
the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful.

In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the skills of
youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business plan in more
than 50 areas of business, Memon said.

Any one applying for loan have one guarantor possessing good creditability as
standards set by the banks to ensure the repayment of public money and also best
utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form.

After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible for balloting to
be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans ranging from one
hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the program said.

The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces in the scheme
and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said.

PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving economic indicators and
also reduce the corruption index, she said.

Besides this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also
apply for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

LENGTH: 452  words


Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate  common man applying for loan
and also monitor the process of loans to make it more transparent and successful
to reduce the unemployment and to improve economic conditions in the country.

PML-N MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi
Memon said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday.

In this regards, the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from
PML-N, four other members from business community and banking sector, she said.

Besides this, the monitoring team would have some covered members to check the
whole activity from receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of
forms at banks to make the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto.

The micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said.

The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided to the youth of
Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and remaining burden of
the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful.

In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the skills of
youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business plan in more
than 50 areas of business, Memon said.

Any one applying for loan have one guarantor possessing good creditability as
standards set by the banks to ensure the repayment of public money and also best
utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form.

After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible for balloting to
be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans ranging from one
hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the program said.

The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces in the scheme
and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said.

PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving economic indicators and
also reduce the corruption index, she said.

Besides this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also
apply for the loans.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              New Vision (Kampala)

                             April 20, 2010 Tuesday

Unemployment - Change Mindset of the Youth [editorial]

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Kampala


President Yoweri Museveni has said the provision of entrepreneurial and business
skills to the youth will solve the problem of unemployment. The President was
addressing the youth at the closure of a workshop in Kamuli district.

There is no doubt that unemployed youth are not only idle, but also a source of
insecurity. An audit of recent events bears testimony to that scenario. The
Government deserves credit for her decision to revamp cooperative societies in
the form of Savings and Credit Cooperatives (SACCOs). This is one of the
Government's strategies to address economic and social standards of the citizens
where the youth form the bulk of the population.

If the youth can be strategic and make the best of SACCOs, they will be on the
way to self-sustenance. Many people have benefited from soft loans and have been
relatively successful. However, the youth have a hurdle to clear. No financial
institution, however well-meaning, can offer a loan without security. This means
that the youth who belong to extremely poor families will not be able to access
the SACCO loans to start small businesses since they lack collateral.

It also means that equipping the youth with entrepreneurial and business skills
will come to nothing without initial capital. Perhaps the Government should
consider establishing a special loan scheme particularly for the graduate youth
who are being churned out from Uganda's universities in large numbers, to enable
them start out on their own. There is also an urgent need to change, through
sensitisation in schools, the mindset of the youth.

The days of white collar jobs are no more and where they are available, they are
most frustrating because of poor pay and conditions of service. The Government
needs to focus on vocational training because it is a short-cut to job creation
and self-employment.

A stampede for university education which eventually leads to frustration is not
the best way of addressing the unemployment problem.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

New Energy Policy: cash support likely for consumers using 200-300 units

BYLINE:  ZAHEER ABBASI

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 211

LENGTH: 783  words


The government is considering the possibility of providing extra cash support to
those consumers facing a small tariff increase to mitigate their expenditure on
electricity. Sources told Business Recorder that the proposal is under
consideration for electricity consumers using 200 to 300 units per month as
consumers using up to 200 units are to be covered by the subsidy.

Sources said Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in his address to the nation subsequent
to the approval of Energy Policy would share tough decisions being taken by the
government to deal with the challenge of electricity crisis in the country. The
prime minister also reportedly plans to inform the nation that the government is
cognisant of their problems especially with respect to high cost of electricity
and is evaluating the possibility of an extra cash support for those who face a
small tariff increase to mitigate their expenditure on electricity notably those
using 200 to 300 units per month.

The material being prepared by the concerned ministries for the prime minister's
speech would include some measures announced in the budget for 2013-14 to
highlight some of the schemes. Notable amongst these schemed would be
Microfinance Scheme, Youth Training Programme, Skills Development Programme,
Small Business Loans Scheme, Scheme for Provision of Laptop and Income Support
Programme envisaged by the government in line with PML (N) manifesto promises.

The prime minister is expected to begin from the Microfinance Scheme announced
by the finance minister in the budget speech which envisages enabling men and
women to undertake micro enterprise activities; Rs 3 billion was allocated to
launch a scheme of Qarz-e-Hasna (loans without mark-up) and at least 50 percent
of these loans will go to women.

The Youth Training Programme would also be highlighted in the Prime Minister's
speech and he is expected to state that as per his promise during election
campaign, all those young educated youth who have completed a 16-year degree
programme would be eligible to join the one-year Youth Training Programme to
work in a government department on a stipend of Rs 10,000 per month. This
programme will enable these youth to gain experience and improve their chances
to find a job commensurate with their qualifications.

He would also speak about Skills Development Programme that is being initiated
to impart training to 25,000 youth up to the age of 25 with minimum
qualification of middle school. National Vocational and Technical Training
Authority (NAVTEC) will manage the programme in collaboration with provincial
TEVTA authorities. Six months training will be given for which fee will be paid
by the government. Emphasis will be placed on such trades as are in demand
abroad or will enable the graduates to become self-employed.

Nawaz Sharif is also going to mention the government's decision to initiate
small Business Loans Scheme with a view to enabling the youth to start their own
business. Small business loans will be made available through the banking
system. Under the scheme loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to Rs 2,000,000 will be
available at a mark-up cost of 8 percent. The remaining cost will be borne by
the government. In the first year of the scheme, 50,000 loans will be offered.
The scheme will be strengthened in light of experience gained in first year of
operation.

The prime minister's speech would also cover scheme for provision of laptop and
the decision for provision of a laptop to distinguished students pursuing higher
education. All students pursuing a degree programme from one of the HEC
recognised universities or institutions and meeting merit criteria to be
developed by HEC would be eligible to get a laptop. The HEC will announce the
details of the scheme shortly.

Another measure likely to be mentioned by the Prime Minister during his speech
is fee Reimbursement Scheme for Less Developed Areas. The bright students from
less developed areas would be provided tuition fee support while pursuing higher
education - at Master's and Doctorate levels. Presently, it is available to
students from Balochistan, Fata, and Gilgit-Baltistan. There is no reason why
this support should not be extended to other less developed areas such as those
of Interior Sindh and Multan, Bahawalpur and DG Khan Divisions of South Punjab,
which are equally less developed, the prime minister would argue. Accordingly,
students from these areas pursuing higher education on merit will also be
eligible for tuition fee support. The prime minister would also highlight the
income support programme's allocation of Rs 75 billion in the budget 2013-14 -
nearly double the amount of Rs 40 billion disbursed last year.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               April 16, 1994, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Student loan system to be more flexible Ontario plans to base payback on income
levels

BYLINE: by Derek Ferguson TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - Cash-strapped graduates in Ontario could soon get a break on
repaying their student loans.

Human Resources Minister Lloyd Axworthy has agreed to change the federal student
loans program to allow Ontario to set up pilot projects basing loan repayments
on income levels.

Axworthy yesterday also announced a 40 per cent increase in the amount students
can borrow.

Full-time students can borrow more than $7,800 a year, up from about $5,600.

Part-time students will be eligible to borrow $3,500 a year, up from $2,500, the
first hike in almost a decade.

The new rates will be in effect for this fall, Axworthy said.

With a youth unemployment rate of about 18 per cent, many of Canada's 280,000
former students who needed government loans to graduate from university are
finding debt, not employment, is their reward.

An Ontario official said federal legislation is needed to allow Ottawa to share
the income information with the province.

"A pilot project might be a pool of students at one academic institution, or
individuals and schools in a variety of communities," said the Ontario source.

"You have to build these pilot programs based on a variety of factors: economic,
social, geographic, demographic."

WILLING PARTNERS

Axworthy said in an interview the legislation will give Ottawa "the authority to
do a couple of pilots" with any willing provincial partners.

"It just gives me the right to sit down and talk to them about how we can do
it," he said.

The Ontario official said no final decisions have been made on how the pilot
projects will run.

As The Star reported this week, the increase in the loans program is a central
component of the Liberal government's youth employment strategy, announced
yesterday.

The move was part of a $684 million injection of funds into training and job-
related projects for Canadians aged 15 to 25. A whopping $479 million of it went
to the student loan program to help some 280,000 students.

The income contingent plan, advocated by Premier Bob Rae's New Democratic Party
government, means students would begin to repay their student loans only after
their income reaches a specified level.

Those who earn more repay their loans faster. Simply put, repayment is based on
ability to pay.

YOUTH CORPS

The system exists in Australia, New Zealand and Sweden, and is endorsed
nationally by the Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada.

Axworthy's announcement included a youth service corps designed to provide
social and community work on projects for nine months.

Sites for a total of 37 community projects - six in Ontario - will be announced
later this spring.

When fully operational, the corps will train 17,500 youth over three years at
$10,000 a participant.

The government also increased funding for summer jobs and launched an internship
program that will provide training opportunities for up to 60,000 youths over a
three-year period.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              634 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             January 2, 2017 Monday

PMYBL scheme slows further despite addition of banks

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: New York



 KARACHI: The scheme of Prime Minister Youth Business Loan witnessed consistent
growth despite increasing number of executing agencies, commercial banks, as it
witnessed growth of 2 percent in the quarter of July to September with 1,317 new
applications as compared with April-June 2016 quarter.


 According to SBP, the sanctioned amount under PMYBL increased from Rs 17,219
million at the end of June, 2016 to Rs 18,315 million at the end of September,
2016 registering a growth of 6 percent.
 National Bank of Pakistan, First Women Bank, Summit Bank and Meezan Bank
emerged as the top four performers with respect to loan disbursement under the
scheme.
 Accordingly, National Bank sanctioned an amount of Rs 892 million during
Jul-Sep, 2016 quarter followed by Summit Bank that sanctioned Rs 105 million
during the quarter. This made Summit Bank the third largest bank under PMYBL
after NBP and FWBL. Allied bank Limited, Askari Bank Limited, JS Bank and Dubai
Islamic Bank Limited did not show any progress with respect to both receipt of
new applications as well as sanctioning of new loans during the quarter.
 Bank Alfalah, Faysal Bank, Habib Metropolitan Bank, MCB and Soneri Bank
continued to show a dismal performance as no loan has been sanctioned by these
banks under the Scheme despite added emphasis on these banks by SBP to extend
financing under PMYBL.
 With the addition of 1,317 new applications, cumulative applications received
under PMYBL as of September 30, 2016 reached 72,961. Of these 72,961
applications, 62,805 applications (86 percent) were received from male
applicants and 10,156 (14 percent) applications were received from female
applicants.
 The largest number of applications was received by NBP followed by Summit Bank
that showed a significant improvement with respect to its performance under
PMYBL during the quarter under review. Since the launch of the Scheme, loans
worth Rs 8,561 million have been disbursed to around 8,926 beneficiaries.
 Small businesses have potential to revitalize economic activity by creating
employment opportunities, reducing poverty and providing economic
linkages/services to the corporate sector. The growth of small businesses and
their access to formal finance is imperative for development of economy.
However, despite their strong potential, the small businesses, particularly
young entrepreneurs, have traditionally remained credit constrained due to risk
perception of banks towards these economic segments. On the other hand, the
educated youth generally lacks entrepreneurial skills.
 The Government of Pakistan, being cognizant of the important role played by
youth and small businesses in the economic development, introduced Prime
Minister Youth Business Loans Scheme in 2013 with the aim of uplifting the youth
and providing them opportunities of financial independence through
self-employment.
 Of the total applications received so far under the Scheme, 86 percent were
from male applicants while the share of female applicants was at 14 percent. Of
72,961 applications received since 2013, number of sanctioned applications stood
at 18,144 as on September 30, 2016. Punjab has the largest share with respect to
both the number of applications received as well as loans disbursed under the
Scheme followed by KPK and Sindh. Disbursement of Rs 416 million was made during
the period July to September 2016 under PMYBL registering a growth of 5 percent
over the total disbursements at the end of June, 2016.
 The Government of Pakistan introduced Prime Minister Youth Business Loans
Scheme in 2013 with the aim of uplifting the youth and providing them
opportunities of financial independence through self-employment. Under the
Scheme, youth and small businesses are extended loans upto Rs 2,000,000 at a
service charge of 6 percent. Currently, eighteen banks are participating in the
Scheme, of which three are public sector banks (NBP, FWBL and Sindh Bank
Limited) while remaining fifteen are private sector banks.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Youth for softening of Prime Minister's loan scheme criteria

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 337

LENGTH: 354  words


Youth seeking support from the Prime Minister's loan scheme have demanded
simplification of the procedure and criteria of the scheme to enable large
number of people to take benefit of the offer. The programme has broad canvas of
schemes enabling youth and poor segments of population to get good opportunities
of employment, economic empowerment, acquiring skills needed for gainful
employment, spreading use of computers and imparting on-the-job training for
young graduates to improve the probability of getting a productive job.

Under the Prime Minister's Youth Programme a loan ranging from Rs.0.1 million to
Rs.2 million has been offered to youth with age from 21 years to 45 years at the
mark up rate of 8 percent. The loan would be recovered in a period of eight
years in equal monthly instalment.

The fund would be disbursed to youths on soft terms and it would help turn them
into employers. The youth are jubilant and taking keen interest in the scheme
and the visiting of the large number of youth for seeking information is ample
proof of that tremendous response. Dozens of youth have been witnessed visiting
the special desk established in the Regional Office, Small & Medium Enterprise
Development Authority (Smeda).

Talking to this scribe, a youth, Mohammad Imran, appreciated the scheme as good
for empowering the youth. However, he called for creation of awareness among the
people and further softening of the terms and conditions of the scheme.

He complained that the criterion of the scheme is not clear that who can take
benefit of the scheme while the residents of the far-flung areas are totally
ignorant of it. He urged the government for the devolution of the scheme from
provincial level to district level.

Ahmad Gul, another youth, said that he is anxiously desirous for taking benefit
of the scheme, but he has no gazetted officer in his family. He said that due to
such difficult terms and conditions potential youth would fail in taking benefit
from the scheme. He also stressed the need for the softening of the criterion to
enable the youth of poor and middle class families to take benefit of it.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Teams being formed to monitor youth loans scheme: Marvi Memon

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, Dec. 10 -- Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate common man
applying for loan and also monitor the process of loans to make it more
transparent and successful to reduce the unemployment and to improve economic
conditions in the country.

PML-N MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans Scheme, Marvi
Memon said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on Monday.

In this regards, the monitoring team would comprise of one representative from
PML-N, four other members from business community and banking sector, she said.

Besides this, the monitoring team would have some covered members to check the
whole activity from receiving forms, submitting forms and the processing of
forms at banks to make the scheme successful and more transparent, she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to
strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto.

The micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged sections of the
society, Marvi said.

The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided to the youth of
Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and remaining burden of
the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the unemployed youth
but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their businesses
successful.

In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the skills of
youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business plan in more
than 50 areas of business, Memon said.

Any one applying for loan have one guarantor possessing good creditability as
standards set by the banks to ensure the repayment of public money and also best
utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said adding
there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made at
submitting form.

After securitising forms by banks, applicants would be eligible for balloting to
be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans ranging from one
hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the program said.

The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces in the scheme
and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and other
policymakers, she said.

PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving economic indicators and
also reduce the corruption index, she said.

Besides this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business, can also
apply for the loans.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

PMYP Chairperson holds no financial, administrative control on loan
disbursement: Spokesperson rebuts Imran's allegations

SECTION: Vol. 13 No. 215

LENGTH: 548  words


Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) on Tuesday announced that its
Chairperson has no financial and administrative control over disbursing of loans
by banks as pre and post-disbursement of amount follows strict internal and
external audit regime to ensure transparency.

A Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations leveled by
Chief of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI), Imran Khan of exclusively handing over
of Rs. 100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to its
Chairperson, Mohtarma Maryam Nawaz by Prime Minister.

Contradicting the allegations, the Spokesperson said PTI's Chief lacks knowledge
about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Mr.Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of Prime Minister's Youth Programme before disinforming the youth for
political point scoring.

The Spokesperson explained that contrary to pack of lies told by Imran Khan, the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is transparently
implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank (FWB) as the
loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs through their own
financial resources.

The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to PMYP for
rolling out PMYBLS.

The Spokesperson further explained that the government of Pakistan has only
earmarked Rs. 5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit
tenure of eight (8) years including one year grace period.

The Spokesperson maintained that the banks are accountable only to State Bank of
Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in processing, approving and
rejecting the loans' applications.

Thus, the Chairperson PMYP has no financial and administrative control over the
disbursing of loans by banks, it was further maintained.

The Spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs.
4.0 and Rs 1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP.

The HEC as an implementing agency for both the schemes disburses the amount
after following the laid down criteria stipulated by Ministry of Finance, the
Spokesperson further explained.

Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, the Spokesperson
said an amount of Rs. 800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across Federation including
Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), Azad Jammu Kashmir (AJK) and Gilgit
Baltistan (GB).

Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises no
financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary allocation.

Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, the Spokesperson said
an amount of Rs 3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty Alleviation
Fund (PPAF) for disbursement of 25,000 loans upto Rs. 250,000 among the poor
segment of society to start micro-business activity for honourable livelihood.

Naturally, the Chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative
authority over PPAF, the Spokesperson added.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

PMYP Chairperson holds no financial, administrative control on loan
disbursement: Spokesperson rebuts Imran's allegations

LENGTH: 563  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) on
Tuesday announced that its Chairperson has no financial and administrative
control over disbursing of loans by banks as pre and post-disbursement of amount
follows strict internal and external audit regime to ensure transparency.


      A Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations
leveled by Chief of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI), Imran Khan of exclusively
handing over of Rs. 100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to
its Chairperson, Mohtarma Maryam Nawaz by Prime Minister.
      Contradicting the allegations, the Spokesperson said PTI's Chief lacks
knowledge about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Mr.Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of Prime Minister's Youth Programme before disinforming the youth for
political point scoring.
      The Spokesperson explained that contrary to pack of lies told by Imran
Khan, the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is transparently
implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank (FWB) as the
loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs through their own
financial resources.
      The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to
PMYP for rolling out PMYBLS.
      The Spokesperson further explained that the government of Pakistan has
only earmarked Rs. 5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit
tenure of eight (8) years including one year grace period.
      The Spokesperson maintained that the banks are accountable only to State
Bank of Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in processing, approving and
rejecting the loans' applications.
      Thus, the Chairperson PMYP has no financial and administrative control
over the disbursing of loans by banks, it was further maintained.
      The Spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of
Rs. 4.0 and Rs 1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP.
      The HEC as an implementing agency for both the schemes disburses the
amount after following the laid down criteria stipulated by Ministry of Finance,
the Spokesperson further explained.
      Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, the
Spokesperson said an amount of Rs. 800 million has been allocated directly to
National Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing
agency to impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across Federation
including Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), Azad Jammu Kashmir (AJK)
and Gilgit Baltistan (GB).
      Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises
      no financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary
allocation.
      Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, the Spokesperson
said an amount of Rs 3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty
Alleviation Fund (PPAF) for disbursement of 25,000 loans upto Rs. 250,000 among
the poor segment of society to start micro-business activity for honourable
livelihood.
      Naturally, the Chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative
authority over PPAF, the Spokesperson added.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: Teams being formed to monitor youth loans scheme:Marvi Memon

LENGTH: 486  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, Dec. 10 -- Monitoring teams are being formed to facilitate

common man applying for loan and also monitor the process of loans to make it
more transparent and successful to reduce the unemployment and to improve
economic conditions in the country.

PML-N MNA and Coordinator of Prime Minister's Easy Business Loans

Scheme, Marvi Memon said while speaking to media-men here at local hotel on
Monday.

In this regards, the monitoring team would comprise of one

representative from PML-N, four other members from business community and
banking sector, she said.

Besides this, the monitoring team would have some covered members to

check the whole activity from receiving forms, submitting forms and the
processing of forms at banks to make the scheme successful and more transparent,
she said.

This scheme would help youth to stand on their feet besides helping to

strengthen the economy, she said adding the government was going to materialize
its programs envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-N manifesto.

The micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged

sections of the society, Marvi said.

The loan from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2 million would be provided to the youth

of Pakistan at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and remaining burden
of the mark up would be borne by the government, she said.

Memon said that they were not only distributing loans among the

unemployed youth but they had also to develop the skills of youth to make their
businesses successful.

In this regard, the role of SMEDA is being involved to develop the

skills of youth and besides this, it would also help to develop the business
plan in more than 50 areas of business, Memon said.

Any one applying for loan have one guarantor possessing good

creditability as standards set by the banks to ensure the repayment of public
money and also best utilization of loan.

The form is free of cost and photocopy of form can be used, she said

adding there is one hundred rupee fee of bank's processing which would be made
at submitting form.

After securitizing forms by banks, applicants would be eligible for

balloting to be held at Islamabad on every month where 15000 would get loans
ranging from one hundred thousand to two million rupees, Coordinator to the
program said.

The government is insisting on the representation of all provinces in

the scheme and also 50 per cent share has been earmarked for women.

The program was launched after the detailed study made by leadership and

other policymakers, she said.

PML-N is resulted oriented and it did well for improving economic

indicators and also reduce the corruption index, she said.

Besides this, existing businessmen, who want to expand their business,

can also apply for the loans

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

KP to launch interest-free loan scheme for skilled youth

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 157

LENGTH: 655  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government has decided to launch an interest-free loan
scheme for the skilled youth and seed money of Rs120 million has been allocated
for this purpose.

This was announced by Minister for Information Shah Farman while briefing media
persons about the decisions taken in the provincial cabinet meeting, which was
chaired by Chief Minister Pervez Khattak here at the civil secretariat on
Friday.

Mr Farman said that the government had established a youth challenge fund
through which youth from 18 to 30 of age and having completed six-month diploma
course in various skills would be eligible to get interest-free loan of up to
Rs2 million.

He said that the loans would be distributed among the skilled youth through a
transparent process. He said that the loans would be disbursed on first come,
first served basis, while the applicants would be liable to return the loan
within next three years.

Lady health workers to be regularised

Regarding transparency in disbursement of loans, Mr Farman said that a fair
mechanism would be developed, while the scheme would be implemented by the Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (Smeda) and Bank of Khyber. He said
the political interference would be discouraged so that the loans could be given
to the deserving people on merit.

Sharing details of other decisions, he said that the cabinet approved the
proposed increase in salaries and allowances of the chief minister, speaker and
deputy speaker, MPAs, parliamentary secretaries, and special advisers and
assistants to the chief minister.

The minister said that after the discussion and review the amended draft of
'Emergency Rescue 1122 Act 2012' had been endorsed in the meeting, while the act
would be presented in the assembly for legislation. He said that necessary
amendments had been made for recruitment of director general of Rescue 1122,
while for improving structure of the emergency service a committee had been
constituted under its director general.

For streamlining the affairs of emergency service 1122, he said that in the new
draft legislation, a council had been proposed under the chairmanship of
secretary relief and rehabilitation, while its other members would be from
finance, home, health, local government, and other relevant departments of the
provincial government.

Mr Farman said that a draft proposal was also approved regarding the
regularisation of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Lady Health Workers Programme, and other
staff. The employees to be made permanent include lady health supervisors BPS-7,
accountants supervisor BPS-7, LHWs BPS-5, and drivers BPS-4, while the project
management unit's staff working in various districts, would be regularised in
the same scale, he said.

He said that the government had decided to regularise all lady health workers,
as per the Supreme Court's verdict of February 25, 2013. The provincial cabinet,
he said, had also approved an amended draft bill 2014 regarding Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa pension fund.

He said that the cabinet had given approval for making amendments to the Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa Pension Fund Act 1999 and General Provident Investment Fund 1999, to
make the transaction of funds transparent.

It also approved the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Prevention of Conflict of Interest Bill
2014, aimed at barring the government servants from misuse of official position
for personal interests. The meeting also constituted cabinet committees for
review of certain amendments to the bills.

Speaking at the cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Pervez Khattak expressed
satisfaction over the legislation made so far by the Pakistan
Tehreek-i-Insaf-led coalition government for overall public welfare and
efficient disposal of official and governmental matters. He said that 30 new
laws had been introduced, most of them aimed at eliminating corruption and
bringing transparency besides ensuring the supremacy of law, merit and justice
in the government machinery.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

Singer Juliani challenges youth to embrace farming

BYLINE: MERCY GAKII -1

LENGTH: 448  words


Gospel artiste Juliani has challenged the youth to embrace farming as a way to
end poverty.

Juliani, who is the Amiran Poverty Eradication Ambassador, is planning to offer
agriculture mentorship to ten young farmers within Nairobi, as soon as he
secures some land.

He said that well-wishers have come up with offers to give their idle land for
farming.

"Several people who would not want to be named have approached me and asked if I
could use their idle land to set up my farming projects.

We are still in discussion, but before long, this project will be up and
running," revealed the singer.

He also advised youths in Nakuru to take up farming as one of the sure ways out
of poverty.

HAND-OUTS

According to the singer, it is foolish for the youth to still depend on their
parents for hand-outs even after their parents had educated them.

Talking in a mix of Sheng and English, the singer chided those youth who have
decided to migrate to towns in search of non-existent jobs, yet they have access
to some land that could be used for some income generating projects.

"Some of you have moved to town and yet you are doing nothing. You keep lying to
your parents that you work in town, and yet you are ever broke," said Juliani.

The Amiran ambassador challenged his audience to take up loans being offered to
youths by the government and start businesses.

The government-run Youth Enterprise Development Fund has teamed up with Amiran
to come up with an agriculture product for their clients.

YOUTH LOANS

Dubbed Agri-Vijana loan, it targets young people keen on undertaking
agri-business and specifically greenhouse farming.

Amiran supports young farmers to acquire the greenhouses and inputs for
practicing horticultural farming.

This, observed Juliani, is one of the sure ways to always have some money to
spend as a young person and keep off from the begging mentality which he said
had crippled many Kenyans.

Unemployment among the Kenyan youths stands at 70 per cent and poverty is among
the major challenges facing Kenya.

There is a 21 per cent national underemployment and a 40 per cent total
unemployment.

Though he has no prior experience in farming, Julian believes that the Kenyan
youth can change this country's food security situation and even grow food for
the export market.

"Youth should stop looking at agriculture as something to do when you are poor.
It is a business; we learn record keeping, marketing and agriculture itself.
There is money to be made here and people should not shy away from it," he said
in an interview.

The youth fund officials from Nakuru encouraged young people to apply for loans.

They lamented that youth are shying away from the loans because of lack of
information.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              New Vision (Kampala)

                              March 1, 2010 Monday

Loan Schemes Need to Be Transparent [editorial]

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Kampala


Two loan schemes for university students were announced by the Government last
weekend. The first scheme, communicated by the President, is meant for
unemployed university graduates. Through the fund they will get interest-free or
low interest loans to start up an income-generating activity.

The second scheme, announced by the education ministry, targets bright private
students who are too poor to afford university education. Both initiatives are
good news for Uganda's youth and their parents. Youth unemployment is one of the
biggest problems Uganda is facing. Every year 300,000 young people enter the
labour market for only about 8,000 jobs.

Jobless youth may resort to crime or rebellion, thus becoming a source of social
or political instability. And considering Uganda's rapid population growth, the
problem of youth unemployment is likely to get worse.

The graduate fund will tackle youth unemployment and allow graduates to become
job creators rather than job seekers. The student loan fund will make tertiary
education more accessible to the poor, thus expanding Uganda's human resource
base. However, the schemes need to be transparent to be effective. Unlike NAADS,
whose criteria were subject to interpretation, the criteria for those
benefitting from the loan schemes need to be objective, clear and indisputable.

The schemes should not be used for political reasons or favour relatives of
those in charge of the funds. The beneficiaries should be selected by a
committee of academics and published in the media. The schemes also need to be
sustainable. Other countries that have introduced student loan schemes have
accumulated huge debts due to high default rates. Uganda should learn from
countries that have been running similar programmes. Ghana, for example, this
year established the student loan protection scheme to protect loan
beneficiaries, their families and the fund against default arising from death or
'incapacitation' of borrowers.

A contribution of 0.5% of loan amounts is deducted during disbursements.
Everything should be done to ensure that commendable initiatives like these are
not again killed by abuse or corruption.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Merit only criterion for business loan: Marvi

BYLINE:  Staff Correspondent

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 341

LENGTH: 226  words


Marvi Memon, coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Programme, has said
that business loans will be provided to the youth strictly on merit.

Speaking to groups of young people during her visit to Pishin, Zaranda, Ziarat
and Harnai areas of Balochistan on Thursday, she said Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif had promised during the election campaign that issue of unemployment
would be resolved on priority. As promised, some 100,000 youths would be
provided loans to set up their own businesses under the Prime Minister Youth
Programme.

She said more people would benefit from the scheme in its second phase. "Each
applicant will get a loan of Rs100,000 to Rs200,000 to start business either in
livestock, cold storage, agriculture, poultry farms, etc."

She said that 50 per cent of the funds allocated for the PM YouthBusiness
Programme would be given to women to launch their own businesses. Five per cent
quota of the loan had been earmarked for disabled persons.

Ms Memon visited different branches of National Bank and talked to youths
applying for the loan. She told them that the PML-N government was taking
practical steps for solving their problems.

Officials of the PM Youth Business Programme Aqeel Anjum Hashmi and Sardar
Naqeeb Tareen accompanied the programme coordinator. Ms Memon will be visiting
Sibi, Nasirabad and Jaffarabad districts on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Merit only criterion for business loan: Marvi

BYLINE:  Staff Correspondent

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 341

LENGTH: 226  words


Marvi Memon, coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Programme, has said
that business loans will be provided to the youth strictly on merit.

Speaking to groups of young people during her visit to Pishin, Zaranda, Ziarat
and Harnai areas of Balochistan on Thursday, she said Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif had promised during the election campaign that issue of unemployment
would be resolved on priority. As promised, some 100,000 youths would be
provided loans to set up their own businesses under the Prime Minister Youth
Programme.

She said more people would benefit from the scheme in its second phase. "Each
applicant will get a loan of Rs100,000 to Rs200,000 to start business either in
livestock, cold storage, agriculture, poultry farms, etc."

She said that 50 per cent of the funds allocated for the PM YouthBusiness
Programme would be given to women to launch their own businesses. Five per cent
quota of the loan had been earmarked for disabled persons.

Ms Memon visited different branches of National Bank and talked to youths
applying for the loan. She told them that the PML-N government was taking
practical steps for solving their problems.

Officials of the PM Youth Business Programme Aqeel Anjum Hashmi and Sardar
Naqeeb Tareen accompanied the programme coordinator. Ms Memon will be visiting
Sibi, Nasirabad and Jaffarabad districts on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Merit only criterion for business loan: Marvi

BYLINE:  Staff Correspondent

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 341

LENGTH: 226  words


Marvi Memon, coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Programme, has said
that business loans will be provided to the youth strictly on merit.

Speaking to groups of young people during her visit to Pishin, Zaranda, Ziarat
and Harnai areas of Balochistan on Thursday, she said Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif had promised during the election campaign that issue of unemployment
would be resolved on priority. As promised, some 100,000 youths would be
provided loans to set up their own businesses under the Prime Minister Youth
Programme.

She said more people would benefit from the scheme in its second phase. "Each
applicant will get a loan of Rs100,000 to Rs200,000 to start business either in
livestock, cold storage, agriculture, poultry farms, etc."

She said that 50 per cent of the funds allocated for the PM YouthBusiness
Programme would be given to women to launch their own businesses. Five per cent
quota of the loan had been earmarked for disabled persons.

Ms Memon visited different branches of National Bank and talked to youths
applying for the loan. She told them that the PML-N government was taking
practical steps for solving their problems.

Officials of the PM Youth Business Programme Aqeel Anjum Hashmi and Sardar
Naqeeb Tareen accompanied the programme coordinator. Ms Memon will be visiting
Sibi, Nasirabad and Jaffarabad districts on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Merit only criterion for business loan: Marvi

BYLINE:  Staff Correspondent

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 341

LENGTH: 226  words


Marvi Memon, coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Programme, has said
that business loans will be provided to the youth strictly on merit.

Speaking to groups of young people during her visit to Pishin, Zaranda, Ziarat
and Harnai areas of Balochistan on Thursday, she said Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif had promised during the election campaign that issue of unemployment
would be resolved on priority. As promised, some 100,000 youths would be
provided loans to set up their own businesses under the Prime Minister Youth
Programme.

She said more people would benefit from the scheme in its second phase. "Each
applicant will get a loan of Rs100,000 to Rs200,000 to start business either in
livestock, cold storage, agriculture, poultry farms, etc."

She said that 50 per cent of the funds allocated for the PM YouthBusiness
Programme would be given to women to launch their own businesses. Five per cent
quota of the loan had been earmarked for disabled persons.

Ms Memon visited different branches of National Bank and talked to youths
applying for the loan. She told them that the PML-N government was taking
practical steps for solving their problems.

Officials of the PM Youth Business Programme Aqeel Anjum Hashmi and Sardar
Naqeeb Tareen accompanied the programme coordinator. Ms Memon will be visiting
Sibi, Nasirabad and Jaffarabad districts on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Merit only criterion for business loan: Marvi

BYLINE:  Staff Correspondent

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 341

LENGTH: 226  words


Marvi Memon, coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Programme, has said
that business loans will be provided to the youth strictly on merit.

Speaking to groups of young people during her visit to Pishin, Zaranda, Ziarat
and Harnai areas of Balochistan on Thursday, she said Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif had promised during the election campaign that issue of unemployment
would be resolved on priority. As promised, some 100,000 youths would be
provided loans to set up their own businesses under the Prime Minister Youth
Programme.

She said more people would benefit from the scheme in its second phase. "Each
applicant will get a loan of Rs100,000 to Rs200,000 to start business either in
livestock, cold storage, agriculture, poultry farms, etc."

She said that 50 per cent of the funds allocated for the PM YouthBusiness
Programme would be given to women to launch their own businesses. Five per cent
quota of the loan had been earmarked for disabled persons.

Ms Memon visited different branches of National Bank and talked to youths
applying for the loan. She told them that the PML-N government was taking
practical steps for solving their problems.

Officials of the PM Youth Business Programme Aqeel Anjum Hashmi and Sardar
Naqeeb Tareen accompanied the programme coordinator. Ms Memon will be visiting
Sibi, Nasirabad and Jaffarabad districts on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Rs.25b has been budgeted on account of Youth Schemes: Spokesman

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 339

LENGTH: 120  words


The Spokesman of the Ministry of Finance has clarified reports appearing in a
section of media that the government had allocated only Rs.5 billion for the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan.

The Spokesman in a statement said that the correct position is that an amount of
Rs.25 billion has been budgeted on account of Youth Schemes under Prime
Minister's Youth Programme.

He said the Prime Minister's Youth Loan envisages facilitation of business loans
to youth ranging from Rs.100,000 to R.2 million at concessional mark up. He
further said that Banks would sanction loans totalling Rs.100 billion to nearly
100,000 applicants through computer balloting to ensure transparency.

They would be provided loans by June, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Youth Loan Scheme a right step for economic progress

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 288

LENGTH: 194  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Senator, begum Najma Hameed said that Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif "Youth Loan" scheme is a right step toward the national
progress and prosperity. She urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively
which is the best chance for them to run business and stand their own feet.
Talking to media, she said that youth can start their own businesses in the
fileds of industry and agriculture to earn their livelihood honestly.

"The government wants to empower the youth so that they can contribute
effectively towards development of the country", she added, She added Rs 100
billion had been allocated for this programme during the current financial year.

In the first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through
ballot. Najma said that loans would be provided without political influence and
it would be given purely on merit.

She said that youth should make the scheme successful and foil the propaganda
against the PML-N government by participating in it. She said that no nation can
progress without its youth force adding that youth is the real force who can put
the country on the path of progress and prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Youth Loan Scheme a right step for economic progress

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 288

LENGTH: 194  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Senator, begum Najma Hameed said that Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif "Youth Loan" scheme is a right step toward the national
progress and prosperity. She urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively
which is the best chance for them to run business and stand their own feet.
Talking to media, she said that youth can start their own businesses in the
fileds of industry and agriculture to earn their livelihood honestly.

"The government wants to empower the youth so that they can contribute
effectively towards development of the country", she added, She added Rs 100
billion had been allocated for this programme during the current financial year.

In the first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through
ballot. Najma said that loans would be provided without political influence and
it would be given purely on merit.

She said that youth should make the scheme successful and foil the propaganda
against the PML-N government by participating in it. She said that no nation can
progress without its youth force adding that youth is the real force who can put
the country on the path of progress and prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Youth Loan Scheme a right step for economic progress

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 288

LENGTH: 194  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Senator, begum Najma Hameed said that Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif "Youth Loan" scheme is a right step toward the national
progress and prosperity. She urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively
which is the best chance for them to run business and stand their own feet.
Talking to media, she said that youth can start their own businesses in the
fileds of industry and agriculture to earn their livelihood honestly.

"The government wants to empower the youth so that they can contribute
effectively towards development of the country", she added, She added Rs 100
billion had been allocated for this programme during the current financial year.

In the first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through
ballot. Najma said that loans would be provided without political influence and
it would be given purely on merit.

She said that youth should make the scheme successful and foil the propaganda
against the PML-N government by participating in it. She said that no nation can
progress without its youth force adding that youth is the real force who can put
the country on the path of progress and prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            July 17, 2013 Wednesday

Pakistan: KPK Govt announces mega projects for youth

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, July 17 -- The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven
development schemes for motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on
construction of district youth centres, stipend for jobless and launching of
skill development programme to make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department Monday said that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent. He said work on these projects would
be initiated in current fiscal year costing Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           September 30, 2011 Friday

20 BFIs sign pact with govt for YSEF loans

LENGTH: 372  words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Sept. 30 -- Twenty banks and financial institutions (BFIs) have
signed an agreement with the Ministry of Finance (MoF) to provide loans under
the Youth Self Employment Programme (YSEP).

After remaining in the cold for two years, the YSEP has again found a priority
with this fiscal year's budget. The programme launched by the then Finance
Minister Baburam Bhattarai took a back seat during the former Madhav Kumar
Nepal-led government.

In the past three years, BFIs have provided loans worth Rs 150 million to youths
under the programme. With the YSEP regulation making a provision of providing up
to Rs 200,000 to each individual, around 750 youths have benefited from the
programme so far.

Among the 20 BFIs entering the agreement with the government, three are
commercial banks and 12 are development banks.

KIST Bank, which first initiated the loans under the programme, has already
invested Rs 2.5 million in 125 youths. "We have already received Rs 50 million
from the Youth Self Employment Fund to be lent to the youths," said BN Gharti,
the deputy general manager of the bank.

Although the government aims to run the programme in all the 75 districts, it
fails to cover the Mid-Western and Far-Western regions. Most of the hilly
regions of the Eastern region have also been deprived of the programme,
according to Dilliraj Aryal, the executive director of YSEF. "Recently, we
invested Rs 30 million through the Jyoti Development Bank in Khotang," he said.
"The government has allocated Rs 250 million this year for the programme ,"
Aryal said.

The government has already provided grants worth Rs 500 million for the
programme, excluding the amount allocated for the current fiscal year. According
to Aryal, the BFIs have already deposited Rs 1.5 billion in the fund's account.

According to the YSEP regulation, youths have to seek the loan from BFIs by
presenting a viable business plan and the BFI concerned will provide the loan as
per the viability of the proposal. The loan is insured by the company as fixed
by the fund. Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon calls on Malik

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 342

LENGTH: 255  words


Chief Coordinator Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Programme and Member of
National Assembly Marvi Mehmon called on  Balochistan Chief Minister Dr Abdul
Malik Baloch here on Friday.

Marvi Mehmon informed the Chief Minister Balochistan that the Prime Minister's
loan programme was aimed at providing capital to jobless youth of the country so
that they could stand on their feet and become strong financially. She said that
this step would address unemployment in the country to a great extent.

She said under the scheme, the government was providing loans from Rs 0.1
million to Rs 2 million on merit. In accordance with the Prime Minister's
directives, Balochistan was being given special focus, Marvi Mehmon added.

Commending the Youth Loan Programme, Dr Abdul Malik Baloch said the initiative
would impact the country's economy positively and provide employment to youth.
He regretted that in the past loan schemes, Balochistan was ignored, due to
which it remained deprived of economic and trade development.  The CM said
stability in the Balochistan could come through giving loans in mining,
fisheries, agriculture, livestock and other sectors, which would lessen
unemployment.

He said that the ratio of provision of loan in agri sector of Balochistan had
become nil. He said a focal person would be appointed for the Prime Minister's
Youth Programme.

On the occasion, members of Provincial Assembly Samina and Santosh Kunar, Aqeel
Anjum Hashmi of PM loan programme, Alauddin Kakar and others were also present
at the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon calls on Malik

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 342

LENGTH: 255  words


Chief Coordinator Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Programme and Member of
National Assembly Marvi Mehmon called on  Balochistan Chief Minister Dr Abdul
Malik Baloch here on Friday.

Marvi Mehmon informed the Chief Minister Balochistan that the Prime Minister's
loan programme was aimed at providing capital to jobless youth of the country so
that they could stand on their feet and become strong financially. She said that
this step would address unemployment in the country to a great extent.

She said under the scheme, the government was providing loans from Rs 0.1
million to Rs 2 million on merit. In accordance with the Prime Minister's
directives, Balochistan was being given special focus, Marvi Mehmon added.

Commending the Youth Loan Programme, Dr Abdul Malik Baloch said the initiative
would impact the country's economy positively and provide employment to youth.
He regretted that in the past loan schemes, Balochistan was ignored, due to
which it remained deprived of economic and trade development.  The CM said
stability in the Balochistan could come through giving loans in mining,
fisheries, agriculture, livestock and other sectors, which would lessen
unemployment.

He said that the ratio of provision of loan in agri sector of Balochistan had
become nil. He said a focal person would be appointed for the Prime Minister's
Youth Programme.

On the occasion, members of Provincial Assembly Samina and Santosh Kunar, Aqeel
Anjum Hashmi of PM loan programme, Alauddin Kakar and others were also present
at the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon calls on Malik

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 342

LENGTH: 255  words


Chief Coordinator Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Programme and Member of
National Assembly Marvi Mehmon called on  Balochistan Chief Minister Dr Abdul
Malik Baloch here on Friday.

Marvi Mehmon informed the Chief Minister Balochistan that the Prime Minister's
loan programme was aimed at providing capital to jobless youth of the country so
that they could stand on their feet and become strong financially. She said that
this step would address unemployment in the country to a great extent.

She said under the scheme, the government was providing loans from Rs 0.1
million to Rs 2 million on merit. In accordance with the Prime Minister's
directives, Balochistan was being given special focus, Marvi Mehmon added.

Commending the Youth Loan Programme, Dr Abdul Malik Baloch said the initiative
would impact the country's economy positively and provide employment to youth.
He regretted that in the past loan schemes, Balochistan was ignored, due to
which it remained deprived of economic and trade development.  The CM said
stability in the Balochistan could come through giving loans in mining,
fisheries, agriculture, livestock and other sectors, which would lessen
unemployment.

He said that the ratio of provision of loan in agri sector of Balochistan had
become nil. He said a focal person would be appointed for the Prime Minister's
Youth Programme.

On the occasion, members of Provincial Assembly Samina and Santosh Kunar, Aqeel
Anjum Hashmi of PM loan programme, Alauddin Kakar and others were also present
at the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon calls on Malik

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 342

LENGTH: 254  words


Chief Coordinator Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Programme and Member of
National Assembly Marvi Memon called on  Balochistan Chief Minister Dr Abdul
Malik Baloch here on Friday.

Marvi Memon informed the Chief Minister Balochistan that the Prime Minister's
loan programme was aimed at providing capital to jobless youth of the country so
that they could stand on their feet and become strong financially. She said that
this step would address unemployment in the country to a great extent.

She said under the scheme, the government was providing loans from Rs 0.1
million to Rs 2 million on merit. In accordance with the Prime Minister's
directives, Balochistan was being given special focus, Marvi Memon added.

Commending the Youth Loan Programme, Dr Abdul Malik Baloch said the initiative
would impact the country's economy positively and provide employment to youth.

He regretted that in the past loan schemes, Balochistan was ignored, due to
which it remained deprived of economic and trade development.

The CM said stability in the Balochistan could come through giving loans in
mining, fisheries, agriculture, livestock and other sectors, which would lessen
unemployment. He said that the ratio of provision of loan in agri sector of
Balochistan had become nil. He said a focal person would be appointed for the
Prime Minister's Youth Programme.

On the occasion, members of Provincial Assembly Samina and Santosh Kunar, Haqeel
Anjum Hashmi of PM loan programme, Alauddin Kakar and others were also present
at the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon calls on Malik

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 342

LENGTH: 254  words


Chief Coordinator Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Programme and Member of
National Assembly Marvi Memon called on  Balochistan Chief Minister Dr Abdul
Malik Baloch here on Friday.

Marvi Memon informed the Chief Minister Balochistan that the Prime Minister's
loan programme was aimed at providing capital to jobless youth of the country so
that they could stand on their feet and become strong financially. She said that
this step would address unemployment in the country to a great extent.

She said under the scheme, the government was providing loans from Rs 0.1
million to Rs 2 million on merit. In accordance with the Prime Minister's
directives, Balochistan was being given special focus, Marvi Memon added.

Commending the Youth Loan Programme, Dr Abdul Malik Baloch said the initiative
would impact the country's economy positively and provide employment to youth.

He regretted that in the past loan schemes, Balochistan was ignored, due to
which it remained deprived of economic and trade development.

The CM said stability in the Balochistan could come through giving loans in
mining, fisheries, agriculture, livestock and other sectors, which would lessen
unemployment. He said that the ratio of provision of loan in agri sector of
Balochistan had become nil. He said a focal person would be appointed for the
Prime Minister's Youth Programme.

On the occasion, members of Provincial Assembly Samina and Santosh Kunar, Haqeel
Anjum Hashmi of PM loan programme, Alauddin Kakar and others were also present
at the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon calls on Malik

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 342

LENGTH: 254  words


Chief Coordinator Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Programme and Member of
National Assembly Marvi Memon called on  Balochistan Chief Minister Dr Abdul
Malik Baloch here on Friday.

Marvi Memon informed the Chief Minister Balochistan that the Prime Minister's
loan programme was aimed at providing capital to jobless youth of the country so
that they could stand on their feet and become strong financially. She said that
this step would address unemployment in the country to a great extent.

She said under the scheme, the government was providing loans from Rs 0.1
million to Rs 2 million on merit. In accordance with the Prime Minister's
directives, Balochistan was being given special focus, Marvi Memon added.

Commending the Youth Loan Programme, Dr Abdul Malik Baloch said the initiative
would impact the country's economy positively and provide employment to youth.

He regretted that in the past loan schemes, Balochistan was ignored, due to
which it remained deprived of economic and trade development.

The CM said stability in the Balochistan could come through giving loans in
mining, fisheries, agriculture, livestock and other sectors, which would lessen
unemployment. He said that the ratio of provision of loan in agri sector of
Balochistan had become nil. He said a focal person would be appointed for the
Prime Minister's Youth Programme.

On the occasion, members of Provincial Assembly Samina and Santosh Kunar, Haqeel
Anjum Hashmi of PM loan programme, Alauddin Kakar and others were also present
at the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Marvi Memon calls on Malik

LENGTH: 259  words

DATELINE: QUETTA


Chief Coordinator Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Programme and Member of
National Assembly Marvi Mehmon called on  Balochistan Chief Minister Dr Abdul
Malik Baloch here on Friday.


 Marvi Mehmon informed the Chief Minister Balochistan that the
the Prime Minister's loan programme was aimed at providing capital to jobless
youth of the country so that they could stand on their feet and become strong
financially. She said that this step would address unemployment in the country
to a great extent.
 She said under the scheme, the government was providing loans from
Rs 0.1 million to Rs 2 million on merit. In accordance with the Prime Minister's
directives, Balochistan was being given special focus, Marvi Mehmon added.
 Commending the Youth Loan Programme, Dr Abdul Malik Baloch said the
initiative would impact the country's economy positively and provide employment
to youth.
 He regretted that in the past loan schemes, Balochistan was ignored,
due to which it remained deprived of economic and trade development.
 The CM said stability in the Balochistan could come through giving
loans in mining, fisheries, agriculture, livestock and other sectors,
which would lessen unemployment.
 He said that the ratio of provision of loan in agri sector of Balochistan had
become nil.
 He said a focal person would be appointed for the Prime Minister's
Youth Programme.
 On the occasion, members of Provincial Assembly Samina and Santosh Kunar,
Haqeel Anjum Hashmi of PM loan programme, Ailaudin Kakar and others were also
present at the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Pakistan: PMYP Chairperson holds no financial, administrative control on loan
disbursement: Spokesperson rebuts Imran's allegations

LENGTH: 584  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 6 -- Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) on

Tuesday announced that its Chairperson has no financial and administrative
control over disbursing of loans by banks as pre and post-disbursement of amount
follows strict internal and external audit regime to ensure transparency.

A Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations

leveled by Chief of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI), Imran Khan of exclusively
handing over of Rs. 100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to
its Chairperson, Mohtarma Maryam Nawaz by Prime Minister.

Contradicting the allegations, the Spokesperson said PTI's Chief lacks

knowledge about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Mr.Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of Prime Minister's Youth Programme before disinforming the youth for
political point scoring.

The Spokesperson explained that contrary to pack of lies told by Imran

Khan, the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is transparently
implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank (FWB) as the
loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs through their own
financial resources.

The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to

PMYP for rolling out PMYBLS.

The Spokesperson further explained that the government of Pakistan has only
earmarked Rs. 5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit
tenure of eight (8) years including one year grace period.

The Spokesperson maintained that the banks are accountable only to State Bank of
Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in processing, approving and
rejecting the loans' applications.

Thus, the Chairperson PMYP has no financial and administrative control over the
disbursing of loans by banks, it was further maintained.

The Spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs.
4.0 and Rs 1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP.

The HEC as an implementing agency for both the schemes disburses the amount
after following the laid down criteria stipulated by Ministry of Finance, the
Spokesperson further explained.

Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, the Spokesperson
said an amount of Rs. 800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across Federation including
Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), Azad Jammu Kashmir (AJK) and Gilgit
Baltistan (GB).

Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises

no financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary allocation.

Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, the Spokesperson said
an amount of Rs 3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty Alleviation
Fund (PPAF) for disbursement of 25,000 loans upto Rs. 250,000 among the poor
segment of society to start micro-business activity for honourable livelihood.

Naturally, the Chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative
authority over PPAF, the Spokesperson added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Youth loan scheme should've been launched in 1948: PM

BYLINE:  Majeed Gill

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 10

LENGTH: 302  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif says the Rs100 billion youth loan scheme is not
politically motivated. He said this while addressing a gathering of loan seeking
youth at Baghdadul Jadid Campus of the Islamia University on Thursday.

Mr Sharif said the programme was launched in the best national interest and
aimed at investing into youth's future. He said he hoped the youth would make
the best use of the money.

He said the programme was part of his promise made during the PML-N's election
campaign with the youth. He reminded that in Germany and Britain youth had
helped their countries gain strong footings through such schemes.

He said that such a revolutionary programme should have been introduced in 1948
but it was unfortunate that during the previous 65 years no such comprehensive
programme could be launched by any government. He said it was his government
that took this pro-youth measure.

He said the loans would be granted to eligible applicants through balloting and
there would be no reference or nepotism in this respect. He said the developed
countries like Germany, Japan and the US had also made their youth self-reliant
through such schemes.

About the crises of electricity, terrorism and militancy, Mr Sharif said that
these did not happen overnight. He added that during the six months of his
government, loadshedding had considerably decreased and that no corruption
scandal had so far been reported.

He said the government had planned to build Diamer-Basha, Bunji and Dasu
hydropower projects and his government's long-term projects would bear positive
results in the next eight to 10 years.

Later, the prime minister met the applicants.

The PID did not invite local journalists for coverage. The Bahawalpur Union of
Journalists lodged protest with Federal Information Minister Senator Pervaiz
Rashid.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Youth Loan Scheme" a right step for economic progress

LENGTH: 190  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Senator, begum Najma Hameed said that Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif "Youth Loan" scheme is a right step toward the national
progress and prosperity.

She urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively which is the best chance
for them to run business and stand their own feet.

She said that youth can start their own businesses in the fields of industry and
agriculture  to earn their livelihood honestly.

"The government wants to empower the youth so that they can contribute
effectively towards development of the country", she added,

She added Rs 100 billion had been allocated for this programme during the
current financial year.

In the first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through
ballot.

Najma said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would
be given purely on merit.

She said that youth should make the scheme successful and foil the propaganda
against the PML-N government by participating in it.

She said that no nation can progress without its youth force adding that youth
is the real force who can put the country on the path of progress and
prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Youth Loan Scheme" a right step for economic progress

LENGTH: 190  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Senator, begum Najma Hameed said that Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif "Youth Loan" scheme is a right step toward the national
progress and prosperity.

She urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively which is the best chance
for them to run business and stand their own feet.

She said that youth can start their own businesses in the fields of industry and
agriculture  to earn their livelihood honestly.

"The government wants to empower the youth so that they can contribute
effectively towards development of the country", she added,

She added Rs 100 billion had been allocated for this programme during the
current financial year.

In the first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through
ballot.

Najma said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would
be given purely on merit.

She said that youth should make the scheme successful and foil the propaganda
against the PML-N government by participating in it.

She said that no nation can progress without its youth force adding that youth
is the real force who can put the country on the path of progress and
prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Youth Loan Scheme" a right step for economic progress

LENGTH: 190  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Senator, begum Najma Hameed said that Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif "Youth Loan" scheme is a right step toward the national
progress and prosperity.

She urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively which is the best chance
for them to run business and stand their own feet.

She said that youth can start their own businesses in the fields of industry and
agriculture  to earn their livelihood honestly.

"The government wants to empower the youth so that they can contribute
effectively towards development of the country", she added,

She added Rs 100 billion had been allocated for this programme during the
current financial year.

In the first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through
ballot.

Najma said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would
be given purely on merit.

She said that youth should make the scheme successful and foil the propaganda
against the PML-N government by participating in it.

She said that no nation can progress without its youth force adding that youth
is the real force who can put the country on the path of progress and
prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Youth Loan Scheme" a right step for economic progress

LENGTH: 190  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Senator, begum Najma Hameed said that Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif "Youth Loan" scheme is a right step toward the national
progress and prosperity.

She urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively which is the best chance
for them to run business and stand their own feet.

She said that youth can start their own businesses in the fields of industry and
agriculture  to earn their livelihood honestly.

"The government wants to empower the youth so that they can contribute
effectively towards development of the country", she added,

She added Rs 100 billion had been allocated for this programme during the
current financial year.

In the first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through
ballot.

Najma said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would
be given purely on merit.

She said that youth should make the scheme successful and foil the propaganda
against the PML-N government by participating in it.

She said that no nation can progress without its youth force adding that youth
is the real force who can put the country on the path of progress and
prosperity.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

KP govt to launch interest-free loan scheme

LENGTH: 551  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government has decided to launch an interest-free loan
scheme for the skilled youth.

Briefing reporters about the decisions of the cabinet meeting chaired by Chief
Minister Pervez Khattak here on Friday, provincial Minister for Information Shah
Farman said Rs120 million had been reserved for the scheme.



He said the provincial government had established the Youth Challenge Fund
through which the youth completing six-month diploma course in different
disciplines would be eligible to get interest-free loan up to Rs2 million.

He said the loans would be distributed among the skilled youth in a transparent
and fair manner. "There would be no political interference in the scheme. The
loans would be disbursed on first-come first-serve basis and the borrowers would
be required to return the money within three years," he added.

About the transparent disbursement of loans among the youth, Shah Farman said
that a fair mechanism would be developed and the scheme would be implemented by
the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) and the Bank of
Khyber (BoK).

Shah Farman, who is spokesperson for the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI)-led
coalition government, said the provincial cabinet also approved the proposed
increase in salaries and allowances of the chief minister, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Assembly speaker and deputy speaker, MPAs, parliamentary secretaries, and
special advisors and assistants to chief minister.

He said the meeting discussed a seven-point agenda and took important decisions.
Shah Farman said the meeting discussed and reviewed the amended draft of
Emergency Rescue 1122 Act 2012 that would be presented in the provincial
assembly.

He said that necessary amendments have been made for recruitment of Director
General of Rescue 1122, adding a committee had been constituted under to improve
the structure of the emergency service.

The minister said that a council had been formed under chairmanship of Secretary
Relief and Rehabilitation to streamline the affairs of emergency service 1122.He
said the other members of the council were taken from finance, home, health,
local government, and other relevant departments. Shah Farman said a draft
proposal was also approved about the regularisation of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Lady
Health Workers Programme and other staff.

He said the services of lady health supervisors in BPS-7, accountants supervisor
BPS-7, LHW BPS-5, and drivers BPS-4, would be made permanent. He said the PMU
staff working in various districts would be regularised in the same scale.

In the light of the 18th constitutional amendment, Shah Farman said the
department of health and family planning had been devolved to the provinces. He
said the government had decided to regularise all lady health workers as per the
decision of Supreme Court given on February 25, 2013.

The provincial cabinet, he said, had approved the amended draft bill 2014
regarding the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa pension fund.Shah Farman said the cabinet
decided to make amendments in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pension Fund Act 1999 and
the General Provident Investment Fund 1999. He said the cabinet also approved
the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Prevention of Conflict Interest Bill 2014 to prevent the
government servants from misusing their authority for personal gains.


LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Prime Minister's youth loans tenor enhanced to eight years

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 331

LENGTH: 211  words


The State Bank of Pakistan on Monday announced enhancement in maximum tenor for
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans. Now the maximum period will be eight
years. Earlier, on November 18, 2013, the SBP announced that tenor for Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans will be up to 7 years with six (6) months grace
period. However, now the SBP has decided to enhance the tenor by six months to
facilitate the youth.

According to SBP IH&SMEFD Circular Letter No 09 of 2013, maximum tenor of the
loans under Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Scheme will be eight years
including grace period of one year.

In addition, the SBP has decided to withdraw sectoral limits imposed vide
IH&SMEFD Circular Letter No 08 of 2013.

Moreover, the central bank has invited attention of banks towards the SECP's
Code of Corporate Governance required to be followed by banks in terms of
Prudential Regulation G-1. In this respect, banks have been advised to ensure
that financing provided under this programme or other similar programmes should
be reported in consolidated form in their Annual Reports under Corporate Social
Responsibility initiatives.

Other instructions on the subject will remain unchanged. The SBP has asked banks
to ensure meticulous compliance with the instructions.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Prime Minister's youth loans tenor enhanced to eight years

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 331

LENGTH: 211  words


The State Bank of Pakistan on Monday announced enhancement in maximum tenor for
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans. Now the maximum period will be eight
years. Earlier, on November 18, 2013, the SBP announced that tenor for Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans will be up to 7 years with six (6) months grace
period. However, now the SBP has decided to enhance the tenor by six months to
facilitate the youth.

According to SBP IH&SMEFD Circular Letter No 09 of 2013, maximum tenor of the
loans under Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Scheme will be eight years
including grace period of one year.

In addition, the SBP has decided to withdraw sectoral limits imposed vide
IH&SMEFD Circular Letter No 08 of 2013.

Moreover, the central bank has invited attention of banks towards the SECP's
Code of Corporate Governance required to be followed by banks in terms of
Prudential Regulation G-1. In this respect, banks have been advised to ensure
that financing provided under this programme or other similar programmes should
be reported in consolidated form in their Annual Reports under Corporate Social
Responsibility initiatives.

Other instructions on the subject will remain unchanged. The SBP has asked banks
to ensure meticulous compliance with the instructions.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                              June 24, 2011 Friday
                                   E2 Edition

Loan boost for young job creators

BYLINE:  BHEKI MBANJWA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 361 words


South Africa needed to change its focus from being a society of job seekers to
one of job creators, Finance MEC Ina Cronje said, stressing the need for
initiatives to promote entrepreneurial skills among the youth.

Cronje warned that the high rate of youth unemployment remained one of the stark
realities facing South Africa, and said any country that ignored it, did so at
its own peril.

Speaking at the launch of the Imbewu Loan Fund, an initiative to provide funding
to entrepreneurial projects own-ed by young people, Cronje said while there was
nothing wrong about people seeking employment, more had to be done to promote a
culture of entrepreneurship.

However, one of the main problems facing emerging businesses was the lack of
support for small, medium and micro enterprises (SMMEs) and co-operatives.

"Ongoing support remains the crucial ingredient of running a successful small
enterprise," she said.

The Imbewu Loan Fund is an initiative of the Ithala Development Finance
Corporation and the National Youth Development Agency (NYDA), through which
loans ranging from R50 000 to R5 million will be provided to young
entrepreneurs.

Support

Steven Ngobeni, chief executive of the NYDA, said his agency would provide
support to the beneficiary businesses.

"We have spoken enough about unemployment as a major challenge that youth are
facing, and the time to act is now. If we want the youth to acquire this
economic freedom in their lifetime, then we must initiate much-needed
initiatives such as these," he said.

He said that the main problems facing young people were poverty and
unemployment.

Ngobeni, however, said creating business in itself would not be a panacea to the
problem of youth unemployment, saying that a "hybrid" solution was needed. This
would mean state involvement in some key sectors of the economy, as espoused by
the ANC Youth League.

Ithala chief executive Siphiwe Madondo said in the past year alone Ithala had
provided youth-owned businesses with funding amounting to about R70 million.

He said the loans would come with strict lending criteria to ensure only
deserving applicants with viable business plans got funding.

bheki.mbanjwa@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

Youth paying loan installments of PMYP regularly

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The youth of the country are writing yet another glorious chapter of Pakistan's
history by refunding punctually the installments of the Prime Minister Youth
Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) punctually and with fair amount of sense of
responsibility.



Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Programme (PMYP) Maryam Nawaz Sharif while
endorsing the trend expressed her deep satisfaction over the paying back of
loans in easy installments by the young beneficiaries of the PMYBLS.

She was talking to Mrs Tahira Raza President, First Women Bank Ltd (FWBL) who
briefed the Chairperson PMYP on the paying back of loans through installments by
the beneficiaries of the PMYBLS, here at the PM House on Sunday. Maryam Nawaz
appreciated the start of depositing back of loans through easy installments by
the PMYBLS beneficiaries and said that as per vision of the PM, the PMYP had
been moving in the right direction.

The beneficiaries are living up to the expectations of PM Nawaz Sharif. She
maintained that the success of the unprecedented PMYP is evident from the fact
that the beneficiaries of the PMYBLS have been able to deposit monthly
installments against the loan in the lending banks' branches.

The Chairperson maintained that the beneficiaries of the PMYBLS have not only
successfully established their businesses but, have started making profits,
including women, who now enjoy the ownership of profitable and demand-driven
trades including dairy farming, e-clothing (sale of stitched clothes through
online marketing), beauty parlours, tuition centres, boutiques, provision and
general stores, handicrafts, health clubs, interior designing etc.

PMYP Chairperson said that the returning back of loans through easy installments
by the budding entrepreneurs speaks volume for the success of the PMYBLS in
particular and PMYP in general and added that the latter has turned talented but
jobless youth into successful and emerging entrepreneurs as now they are able to
pay back the loan after successfully running their trades.


LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Youth Loan programme: PM Nawaz offers easy loans worth Rs3.7 billion

LENGTH: 417  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday offered to provide easy loans worth Rs 3.7
billion to help empower the country's youth.

In the past, Premier Nawaz said, only influential businesspersons were eligible
for bank loans. Almost 70% of the country's population did not have access to
loans, he told the first balloting ceremony of the Business Youth Loan Scheme at
Islamabad's Convention Centre.

"It is the youth that will lead the nation by playing their role in
strengthening the economy," Nawaz said adding that young entrepreneurs would not
only be working in different sectors but would also help generate jobs for
others.

Around 38,000 applications, including 28,000 from Punjab, 600 from Islamabad
Capital Territory, 3,500 from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, 100 from Gilgit-Baltistan,
1,000 from Balochistan, 500 from Azad Kashmir and 3,000 from Sindh have been
received under the youth loan programme, a statement released from the prime
minister's office stated.

Out of the total 6,127 were approved for balloting, of which 5,399 would be
given loans.

In his speech, Nawaz said that the applicants were selected on the basis of the
provincial quota. Some 100,000 loans are to be offered every year.

Speaking on the country's economy, he maintained that the country's GDP showed a
growth of five per cent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17
per cent increase in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded 6.6 per cent
until December 2013.

"Nothing was being done for the uplift of country in the past and that is why
the people have been suffering due to long hours of load-shedding," Nawaz said.
He added that resolving the energy crisis was the country's priority and since
the government has assumed power, loadshedding hours have been cut down.

He said there was still a shortfall of 7,000 MW and the government would not
only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000 MW of electricity.

The prime minister said work on Karachi-Lahore Motorway would soon commence
whereas Lahore-Multan, Sukkur-Multan and Sukkur-Hyderabad sections would be
completed.

The head of the Prime Minister's Business Youth Programme Maryam Nawaz on the
occasion said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory
have been selected through balloting while all the female applications from
Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and
Kashmir had been approved.

Published in The Express Tribune, March 1st, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Youth Loan programme: PM Nawaz offers easy loans worth Rs3.7 billion

LENGTH: 417  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday offered to provide easy loans worth Rs 3.7
billion to help empower the country's youth.

In the past, Premier Nawaz said, only influential businesspersons were eligible
for bank loans. Almost 70% of the country's population did not have access to
loans, he told the first balloting ceremony of the Business Youth Loan Scheme at
Islamabad's Convention Centre.

"It is the youth that will lead the nation by playing their role in
strengthening the economy," Nawaz said adding that young entrepreneurs would not
only be working in different sectors but would also help generate jobs for
others.

Around 38,000 applications, including 28,000 from Punjab, 600 from Islamabad
Capital Territory, 3,500 from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, 100 from Gilgit-Baltistan,
1,000 from Balochistan, 500 from Azad Kashmir and 3,000 from Sindh have been
received under the youth loan programme, a statement released from the prime
minister's office stated.

Out of the total 6,127 were approved for balloting, of which 5,399 would be
given loans.

In his speech, Nawaz said that the applicants were selected on the basis of the
provincial quota. Some 100,000 loans are to be offered every year.

Speaking on the country's economy, he maintained that the country's GDP showed a
growth of five per cent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17
per cent increase in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded 6.6 per cent
until December 2013.

"Nothing was being done for the uplift of country in the past and that is why
the people have been suffering due to long hours of load-shedding," Nawaz said.
He added that resolving the energy crisis was the country's priority and since
the government has assumed power, loadshedding hours have been cut down.

He said there was still a shortfall of 7,000 MW and the government would not
only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000 MW of electricity.

The prime minister said work on Karachi-Lahore Motorway would soon commence
whereas Lahore-Multan, Sukkur-Multan and Sukkur-Hyderabad sections would be
completed.

The head of the Prime Minister's Business Youth Programme Maryam Nawaz on the
occasion said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory
have been selected through balloting while all the female applications from
Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and
Kashmir had been approved.

Published in The Express Tribune, March 1st, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Power outages to vanish soon: Nawaz

LENGTH: 973  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has assured the nation that elimination of power
shortages is the top priority of the government and electricity loadshedding
will soon become a story of the past as the government has planned power
generation for meeting the needs of the next quarter of the century.



He was addressing the jam-packed Jinnah Convention Centre with the aspirants of
Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Programme here on Friday. The first balloting
for the soft loans up to Rs2 million under the programme was carried out on the
occasion. Federal Finance Minister Senator Muhammad Ishaq Dar and Chairperson of
the programme Maryam Nawaz Sharif also spoke on the occasion. Prime Minister
Nawaz expressed the hope that the programme would bring a much-needed turnaround
in the economy and it also would weed out unemployment from the country.

He said that the government was committed to empowering the youth by providing
them Rs3.7 billion easy loans as it would not only help the country but also
strengthen the national economy. He recalled with regret that 70/80 percent of
the youth population had no access to loans in the past as only influential
businessmen were entitled to get hefty loans from banks and fiscal institutions.


The prime minister told the exuberant gathering that the youth would lead the
nation as in the major developed countries, 80 percent of youth were playing
their role in strengthening economies of their respective countries. He said
these youth would come forward by starting their own businesses in various
sectors, which would not only benefit them but they would also be in a position
to employ other persons.

The prime minister noted that he had not raised the slogan to change the destiny
of the nation just for getting votes, but it was the commitment to provide jobs
to the people and make them respectable citizens. "I had planned to undertake
such programme when I was elected the prime minister in 1990," Nawaz Sharif
added.

He said that around 36,000 applications, including 2,800 from the Punjab, 600
from the Islamabad Capital Territory, 3,500 from the KPK, 100 from
Gilgit-Baltistan, 1,000 from Balochistan and 3,000 from Sindh, were received. He
said out of these applications, 6,000 were selected for balloting, of which
5,399 would be given loans.

He said that the applicants were selected according to the provincial quota and
said the target for 2014 was 100,000 applicants.

The prime minister said the successful candidates would be informed through SMS
within hours after the balloting. He said that the country's GDP showed a growth
of five percent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17 percent
increase in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded at 6.6 percent till
December 2013.

He said in the beginning, the government had to take some tough decisions. The
premier said that nothing was done for the uplift of the country in the past 14
years and that was why the people were suffering from unbelievable long
loadshedding.

He said it was the top priority of the government to reduce the energy crisis,
adding the government after coming into power, reduced the loadshedding duration
through better management and would further reduce it through the best policy.

He said that there was still 7,000MW shortfall in demand and supply and the
government would not only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000MW
of electricity.

The prime minister said work on the Karachi-Lahore Motorway would be started
very soon where Lahore-Multan, Karachi-Hyderabad, Sukkur-Multan and
Sukkur-Hyderabad sections would be constructed simultaneously.

Chairperson of the programme Maryam Nawaz said on the occasion that female
applicants from the Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory had been selected
through balloting while all the female applications from the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,
Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir had been
approved. The issuance of cheques for them is starting forthwith, she added.

Moreover, the prime minister remarked that the volume of loans to a particular
province would not surpass the provincial quota based on the population of that
province and for the year 2013-14, the government had targeted 100,000
applicants to disburse loans.

He urged the people from all the provinces, particularly women, to come forward
for taking part in national development and apply for the loan to utilise the
allocated limit for their respective provinces.

The gathering was told that balloting had been carried out among the male
applicants from the Punjab as they outnumbered the set allocated quota while the
rest of the applications from other provinces were far lower than the quota.

The premier said 38,000 total applications received by the banks comprised
31,000 men and 7,000 women and majority of them were aged between 21 to 30
years.

Later, the prime minister carried out the balloting by pressing a computer key.


Addressing the gathering, Finance Minister Ishaq Dar said the country's economy
suffered due to uneven distribution of resources in the past as the youth
population was never made a partner in national development. He said the State
Bank had directed all the commercial banks to divert their resources to the PM's
Youth Loan Scheme. If they tilt only 10 percent of the country's total loan
portfolio worth Rs5,000 billion, the youth would get around Rs500 billion loan,
he added.

Referring to the government's steps to improve the national economy, he said a
survey carried out by a Japanese organisation revealed that Pakistan would be
the choicest place within the next few years.

A renowned economist Jim O'Neill also forecast Pakistan as the 18th biggest
economy by the year 2050. The minister expressed the hope that the government
with the present pace would make it possible by 2025.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

N2.5bn loan for NYSC entrepreneurs

BYLINE: Uche Atuma

LENGTH: 779 words


The decision of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) to set aside N2.5 billion for
members of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) with good business ideas to
actualize their dreams of becoming self-employed is well-thought out. It is an
ambitious initiative that deserves the commendation of all Nigerians and a
prompt response from the intended beneficiaries. If our youth corps members take
advantage of this scheme, it should help to reduce youth unemployment that has
become a serious problem in the country.


The loan is part of the N220bn voted for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs)
development, which has reportedly been lying fallow since it was budgeted in
2012. The initiative is expected to create about one million jobs through the
Youth Entrepreneurship Development Programme (YEDP).
Speaking at the unveiling of the programme and the training for the first batch
of applicants under the YEDP in Abuja, last week, the CBN Governor, Mr. Godwin
Emefiele, outlined the objectives and criteria for accessing the loan. He said
the loan is for business-inclined and innovation-driven young graduates. Under
the scheme, each corps member who has satisfied the criteria will be entitled to
a maximum of three million naira. However, their degree and NYSC discharge
certificates will serve as collateral.
The CBN, under the programme, will in collaboration with Heritage Bank Plc
develop the entrepreneurial skills of the youths as well as provide each of them
with the necessary funding to establish their own businesses. Some of the
businesses covered under the programme are start-ups and expansion projects in
the agricultural value chain such as fish farming, poultry, snail farming,
cottage industries, mining and solid minerals. Others are tourism, arts and
crafts, Information and Communication Technology and other businesses that are
determined to be viable by the CBN. The apex bank explained that the initiative
would also help the country to conserve the huge foreign exchange which is
currently used to import food items. It will be recalled that CBN had last year
banned the importation of 41 items.
Overall, the CBN initiative is a bold effort that could unleash innovation and
the can-do-spirit of our fresh graduates. It is a scheme that could power
start-up businesses and generally bolster economic growth. We urge the
initiation of similar programmes that can promote the establishment of small and
medium enterprises among the general youth population. Youth unemployment is a
serious problem which the nation must do everything that is possible to address
before it becomes a threat to the peace and stability of the nation.

The NYSC beneficiaries should be reminded of the need to reciprocate the kind
gesture of the government. They should appreciate the fact that it is not a
grant, but a loan that must be repaid. They should understand that the scheme is
designed to turn them into entrepreneurs and not job seekers.
They should not default in repaying the loan, as they stand to lose their
certificates. More importantly, we implore the beneficiaries to think outside
the box in their chosen business lines. To succeed, they should stay ahead of
their competitors. They must innovate. They should not overlook commercially
viable offerings that will attract their target customers. Nigerians are looking
forward to seeing how they will utilise the loans in their businesses and
improve the economy.
In addition to this collaboration between CBN and Heritage Bank to develop the
entrepreneurial capacity of the beneficiaries, there is need to embrace other
new partnership models that can protect the business start-ups.
For these young entrepreneurs to succeed in their chosen businesses, the
environment must be conducive. The loans should be at a zero interest rate while
the government should work harder at improving power supply which is critical to
most businesses. Let the beneficiaries concentrate on businesses that can create
value for everyone and stimulate economic growth. The extent to which they use
the loans to improve their lives and create jobs for others will influence the
initiation of similar programmes in future. Recent figures from the National
Bureau of Statistics (NBS) show that youth unemployment has increased remarkably
in recent years.
Therefore, creating jobs and reducing unemployment rate require synergy between
business-inclined and talented young graduates, relevant government agencies and
financial organizations. This will help to fast-track economic development.
Altogether, the N2.5bn loan should lay the groundwork for future job
opportunities and training for millions of our unemployed youths.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Rs 8bn disbursed under Youth Business Loan Scheme

SECTION: Vol. 14 No. 137

LENGTH: 183  words


The government has disbursed 8,261 business loans worth of Rs 8 billion amongst
potential entrepreneurs across the country under Prime Minister's Youth Business
Loan Scheme in last two and half years, said official sources.

As many as 64,114 applications have been received for interest-free loans under
Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme in last two and half years. Out of
which 8,261 have received loans, 16,423 applications have so far been sanctioned
for onward disbursement of loans.

According to breakup, 161 business loans worth Rs 157.85 million were disbursed
amongst the potential entrepreneurs of Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) in the last
two and half years. Similarly, 157 business loans worth of Rs 166 million were
disbursed among the applicants of Baluchistan, Rs 209 million were disbursed
amongst 215 youth aspirants of Islamabad Capital Territory (ICT), yet other 55
loans worth of Rs 44.8 million were disbursed among aspirants of Gilgit
Baltistan (GB), 918 young entrepreneurs of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) were given Rs
892 million as interest-free loan to pursue their business.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Credit extension remains low for Nepal agriculture programme targeting youths

BYLINE: Bibek Subedi

LENGTH: 546  words


Youths in Nepal have failed to get enough loans under the government's
"Agriculture Loan for the Youth" programme introduced last fiscal year to
encourage youths to engage in commercial farming.

Under the programme, the youths get the loan at just 6 per cent interest rate.
The government has subsidised the interest by 4 percentage points. The actual
interest rate is 10 per cent.

According to the Nepal Rastra Bank (NRB), of 500 million rupees (US$4.69
million) allocated for the interest subsidy, just 18 million rupees has been
distributed so far. Commercial banks extended 1.16 billion rupees against the
agriculture loan portfolio of 67 billion rupees as of mid-February this year.

Terming the progress under the programme disappointing, the Parliamentary
Agriculture and Water Resource Committee on Sunday directed the Finance Ministry
to work with the authorities concerned like NRB to ease the procedure the
prospective borrowers have to follow to get the loans. It also asked the
ministry to consider extending the loans by accepting the projects as
collateral.

Agriculture Development Bank Limited (ADBL) leads the commercial banks extending
loans under this scheme. "Our loan disbursement of under the programme stands at
370 million rupees as of March 13," said ADBL CEO Lila Prakash Sitaula. "We are
aggressively marketing such loans and we expect to disburse 500 million rupees
by mid-April."

Other commercial banks, however, have lagged behind. Bankers said they are
finding it difficult to disburse the loans as the number of prospective
borrowers has remained very low. "Because of the 10 million rupees cap, bigger
ventures cannot qualify for the facility, limiting our lending," said Nepal bank
Limited CEO Devendra Pratap Shah.

According to the working procedure unveiled by NRB, an individual can borrow a
maximum of 10 million rupees under this scheme The working procedure has
categorised 12 areas of agriculture eligible for the facility. The areas include
vegetable production, processing and storage; seed production, processing and
storage; floriculture; livestock; fruits production, processing and storage; and
dairy production, processing and sales.

Fishery, production and sales; mushroom production, processing and storage;
animal slaughter house and meat business; herbal production, processing and
storage; sugarcane, cardamom and ginger farming, storage and processing; and
agriculture business are other areas eligible for the subsidy.

The interest subsidy facility can be availed only on investments made in areas
outside the Kathmandu Metropolitan City and other sub-metropolitan cities. The
repayment period will range from a minimum of three months to a maximum of five
years. One bank can lend a maximum amount of 1 billion rupees. Provided a bank
wants to lend more, it has to take the NRB's approval.

To make available the subsidised amount to the banks, the government has opened
an account named "Agriculture Credit Interest Subsidy Reimbursement" in the
central bank. The Finance Ministry has deposited 500 million rupees in the
account.

(US$1 = 107 rupees)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/659/2075/92/146227047971.jpg

"Agriculture Loan for the Youth" programme was introduced last fiscal year to
encourage youths to engage in commercial farming.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2016 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Maryam Nawaz holds no control on loan disbursement: Spokesperson

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 215

LENGTH: 562  words


Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) Tuesday refuting the allegations
levelled by PTI Chairman against PMYP's Chairperson has announced that the
particular Chairperson has no financial and administrative control over
disbursing of loans by banks as pre and post-disbursement of amount follows
strict internal and external audit regime to ensure transparency.

The Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations levelled by
Chief of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI), Imran Khan of exclusively handing over
of Rs. 100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to its
Chairperson, Maryam Nawaz by Prime Minister.

Contradicting the allegations, the Spokesperson said PTI's Chief lacks knowledge
about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of Prime Minister's Youth Programme before dis-informing the youth for
political point scoring.

The Spokesperson explained that contrary to pack of lies told by Imran Khan, the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is transparently
implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank (FWB) as the
loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs through their own
financial resources.

The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to PMYP for
rolling out PMYBLS.

The Spokesperson further explained that the government of Pakistan has only
earmarked Rs. 5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit
tenure of eight (8) years including one year grace period.

The Spokesperson maintained that the banks are accountable only to State Bank of
Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in processing, approving and
rejecting the loans' applications.

Thus, the Chairperson PMYP has no financial and administrative control over the
disbursing of loans by banks, it was further maintained.

The Spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs.
4.0 and Rs 1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP.

The HEC as an implementing agency for both the schemes disburses the amount
after following the laid down criteria stipulated by Ministry of Finance, the
Spokesperson further explained.

Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, the Spokesperson
said an amount of Rs. 800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill

development training to 25,000 youth across Federation including Federally
Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), Azad Jammu Kashmir (AJK) and Gilgit Baltistan
(GB).

Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises no
financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary allocation.

Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, the Spokesperson said
an amount of Rs 3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty Alleviation
Fund (PPAF) for disbursement of 25,000 loans up to Rs. 250,000 among the poor
segment of society to start micro-business activity for honourable livelihood.

Naturally, the Chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative
authority over PPAF, the Spokesperson added.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Maryam Nawaz holds no control on loan disbursement: Spokesperson

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 214

LENGTH: 562  words


Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) Tuesday refuting the allegations
levelled by PTI Chairman against PMYP's Chairperson has announced that the
particular Chairperson has no financial and administrative control over
disbursing of loans by banks as pre and post-disbursement of amount follows
strict internal and external audit regime to ensure transparency.

The Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations levelled by
Chief of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI), Imran Khan of exclusively handing over
of Rs. 100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to its
Chairperson, Maryam Nawaz by Prime Minister.

Contradicting the allegations, the Spokesperson said PTI's Chief lacks knowledge
about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of Prime Minister's Youth Programme before dis-informing the youth for
political point scoring.

The Spokesperson explained that contrary to pack of lies told by Imran Khan, the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is transparently
implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank (FWB) as the
loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs through their own
financial resources.

The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to PMYP for
rolling out PMYBLS.

The Spokesperson further explained that the government of Pakistan has only
earmarked Rs. 5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit
tenure of eight (8) years including one year grace period.

The Spokesperson maintained that the banks are accountable only to State Bank of
Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in processing, approving and
rejecting the loans' applications.

Thus, the Chairperson PMYP has no financial and administrative control over the
disbursing of loans by banks, it was further maintained.

The Spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs.
4.0 and Rs 1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP.

The HEC as an implementing agency for both the schemes disburses the amount
after following the laid down criteria stipulated by Ministry of Finance, the
Spokesperson further explained.

Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, the Spokesperson
said an amount of Rs. 800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across Federation including
Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), Azad Jammu Kashmir (AJK) and Gilgit
Baltistan (GB).

Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises no
financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary allocation.

Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, the Spokesperson said
an amount of Rs 3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty Alleviation
Fund (PPAF) for disbursement of 25,000 loans up to Rs. 250,000 among the poor
segment of society to start micro-business activity for honourable livelihood.

Naturally, the Chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative
authority over PPAF, the Spokesperson added.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 8, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: KP govt to launch interest-free loan scheme

LENGTH: 586  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, June 8 -- The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government has decided to launch an
interest-free loan scheme for the skilled youth.

Briefing reporters about the decisions of the cabinet meeting chaired by Chief
Minister Pervez Khattak here on Friday, provincial Minister for Information Shah
Farman said Rs120 million had been reserved for the scheme.

He said the provincial government had established the Youth Challenge Fund
through which the youth completing six-month diploma course in different
disciplines would be eligible to get interest-free loan up to Rs2 million.

He said the loans would be distributed among the skilled youth in a transparent
and fair manner. "There would be no political interference in the scheme. The
loans would be disbursed on first-come first-serve basis and the borrowers would
be required to return the money within three years," he added.

About the transparent disbursement of loans among the youth, Shah Farman said
that a fair mechanism would be developed and the scheme would be implemented by
the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) and the Bank of
Khyber (BoK).

Shah Farman, who is spokesperson for the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI)-led
coalition government, said the provincial cabinet also approved the proposed
increase in salaries and allowances of the chief minister, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Assembly speaker and deputy speaker, MPAs, parliamentary secretaries, and
special advisors and assistants to chief minister.

He said the meeting discussed a seven-point agenda and took important decisions.
Shah Farman said the meeting discussed and reviewed the amended draft of
Emergency Rescue 1122 Act 2012 that would be presented in the provincial
assembly.

He said that necessary amendments have been made for recruitment of Director
General of Rescue 1122, adding a committee had been constituted under to improve
the structure of the emergency service.

The minister said that a council had been formed under chairmanship of Secretary
Relief and Rehabilitation to streamline the affairs of emergency service 1122.He
said the other members of the council were taken from finance, home, health,
local government, and other relevant departments. Shah Farman said a draft
proposal was also approved about the regularisation of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Lady
Health Workers Programme and other staff.

He said the services of lady health supervisors in BPS-7, accountants supervisor
BPS-7, LHW BPS-5, and drivers BPS-4, would be made permanent. He said the PMU
staff working in various districts would be regularised in the same scale.

In the light of the 18th constitutional amendment, Shah Farman said the
department of health and family planning had been devolved to the provinces. He
said the government had decided to regularise all lady health workers as per the
decision of Supreme Court given on February 25, 2013.

The provincial cabinet, he said, had approved the amended draft bill 2014
regarding the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa pension fund.Shah Farman said the cabinet
decided to make amendments in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pension Fund Act 1999 and
the General Provident Investment Fund 1999. He said the cabinet also approved
the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Prevention of Conflict Interest Bill 2014 to prevent the
government servants from misusing their authority for personal gains

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday

Nawaz calls youth greatest strength, reviews schemes

LENGTH: 163  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Wednesday said youth were the greatest strength of
Pakistan, and the government will ensure that they are gainfully employed and
helped in all respects.

He was chairing a meeting to review the Prime Minister's Youth Programme and was
briefed about all the features of the projects. The meeting was informed that so
far around half a million feedbacks /suggestions have been received from the
general public, of which practicable suggestions have been included in the
programme.

The PM's Youth Programme comprises of six schemes, including Micro Interest-Free
Loans, Small Business Loans, Youth Training Scheme, Youth Skills Development
Scheme, Provision of Laptops and Scheme for Reimbursement of Fee for Students of
less developed areas.

Nawaz Sharif directed that 50 per cent loans should be reserved for women in the
Micro Interest-Free Loans scheme and the procedure for acquiring loans should be
made simple with the shortest possible time for release.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Maryam Nawaz holds no control on loan disbursement: Spokesperson

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) Tuesday refuting the allegations
levelled by PTI Chairman against PMYP's Chairperson has announced that the
particular Chairperson has no financial and administrative control over
disbursing of loans by banks as pre and post-disbursement of amount follows
strict internal and external audit regime to ensure transparency.

The Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations levelled by
Chief of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI), Imran Khan of exclusively handing over
of Rs. 100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to its
Chairperson, Maryam Nawaz by Prime Minister.

Contradicting the allegations, the Spokesperson said PTI's Chief lacks knowledge
about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of Prime Minister's Youth Programme before dis-informing the youth for
political point scoring.

The Spokesperson explained that contrary to pack of lies told by Imran Khan, the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is transparently
implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank (FWB) as the
loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs through their own
financial resources.

The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to PMYP for
rolling out PMYBLS.

The Spokesperson further explained that the government of Pakistan has only
earmarked Rs. 5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit
tenure of eight (8) years including one year grace period.

The Spokesperson maintained that the banks are accountable only to State Bank of
Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in processing, approving and
rejecting the loans' applications.

Thus, the Chairperson PMYP has no financial and administrative control over the
disbursing of loans by banks, it was further maintained.

The Spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs.
4.0 and Rs 1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP.

The HEC as an implementing agency for both the schemes disburses the amount
after following the laid down criteria stipulated by Ministry of Finance, the
Spokesperson further explained.

Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, the Spokesperson
said an amount of Rs. 800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across Federation including
Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), Azad Jammu Kashmir (AJK) and Gilgit
Baltistan (GB).

Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises no
financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary allocation.

Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, the Spokesperson said
an amount of Rs 3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty Alleviation
Fund (PPAF) for disbursement of 25,000 loans up to Rs. 250,000 among the poor
segment of society to start micro-business activity for honourable livelihood.

Naturally, the Chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative
authority over PPAF, the Spokesperson added.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                     January 21, 2017 Saturday 1:10 PM GMT

Revealed: Which Chelsea FA Youth Cup winners have gone on to make the grade in
English football;
Chelsea U18s face Sheffield Wednesday in the fifth round of the FA Youth Cup on
Monday (January 23) at Aldershot's EBB Stadium and we've picked out five youth
team graduates who have made the grade

BYLINE: By Ryan O'Donovan

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 687 words


Chelseacontinue their quest to win a fourth FA Youth Cup in a row as they
prepare to take on Sheffield Wednesday in the fifth round of the 2016/17 cup at
Aldershot on Monday (January 23).

They came through their last round tie against Birmingham with flying colours,
battering their counterparts from the Midlands 5-0 thanks to a hat-trick from
Mason Mount and a goal each from Cole DaSilva and Reece James.

So far in the competition, Chelsea have scored ten goals without conceding, with
Mount leading the scoring charts with four, followed closely by Ike Ugbo who has
two and Tariq Uwakwe, Jacob Maddox, DaSilva and James who have one each.

You can watch the next crop of at Aldershot on Monday, with entry for adults
costing £3 for adults and £1 for concessions, but to whet your appetite we've
picked five Chelsea FA Youth Cup winners who have gone on to make their mark
since lifting the trophy.

Josh McEachran was labelled as the next big thing to come out of Chelsea's youth
team, drawing comparisons with legend Frank Lampard from fans while he was in
the youth team.

However, he made one start for the first team and spent time out on loan at
Swansea, Middlesbrough, Watford, Wigan and Vitesse Arnhem before signing
permanently for west London neighbours Brentford in July 2015 where he has
started to find the form that gained him such a huge reputation in the youth
teams at Chelsea.

He'll be heading back to Stamford Bridge in the FA Cup fourth round when
Brentford travel there on January 28.

Nathan Ake won the FA Youth Cup in 2012, beating Blackburn 4-1 on aggregate
where he starred in both games for the Blues.

He joined the Stamford Bridge outfit in 2011 from Dutch side Feyenoord when he
was just 15, winning the cup the next year, as well as the Euro U17
Champsionships with Holland in 2011 and 2012.

He has spent time with Reading and Watford on loan, and most recently with
Bournemouth where he turned heads with an impressive loan spell, scoring the
winner against Liverpool for the south coast side before being recalled by
Antonio Conte for the second half of the season.

Ruben Loftus-Cheek captained the 2014 side that won the Youth Cup against
Manchester City courtesy of a 5-2 scoreline and has gone on to make a name for
himself in the first team since Jose Mourhinho promoted him back in the 2014-15
season.

He signed a new five-year deal with the Blues in February 2016 after scoring his
first senior goal against Scunthorpe in an FA Cup game the month before.

Since the arrival of Antonie Conte, Loftus-Cheek has been deployed as a striker
and since the departure of Oscar to China Conte has backed the youngster to fill
the void left by the Brazilian in the Chelsea side.

Lucas Piazon joined Chelsea from Brazilian club Sao Paulo in the 2011 summer
transfer window, but only obtained a work permit which allowed him to play in
the first team in January 2012.

He won the FA Youth Cup thanks to a 4-1 aggregate victory over Blackburn Rovers
and has since spent time on loan at Malaga, Vitesse Arnhem, Eintracht Frankfurt,
Reading and now Fulham, where he recently extended his loan deal until the end
of the season.

He has yet to make an appearance for the senior team, but after impressing on
loan at Craven Cottage this season he has every chance of making the
breakthrough next season.

Tammy Abraham has won the FA Youth cup twice, scoring three times over two legs
in their 5-2 aggregate victory over Manchester City in 2015 before netting in
the second leg of their 4-2 victory over the Manchester youngsters a year later
in 2016.

During the 2014/15 and 2015/16 seasons, Abraham scored 74 goals in 98 matches
across all competitions for Chelsea's youth sides and has carried that form over
into his loan at Bristol City, where he has netted 18 times in 32 appearances,
including a spell that saw his name on the scoresheet ten times in the space of
13 games.

The 19-year-old made his Chelsea first team debut against Liverpool in May 2016
during the 1-1 draw, and Guss Hiddink handed him his Stamford Bridge debut the
week after in the 1-1 draw with champions Leicester City.

Will Chelsea win the FA Youth Cup?

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2017 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

Pakistan: Youth paying loan installments of PMYP regularly

LENGTH: 372  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 10 -- The youth of the country are writing yet another glorious
chapter of Pakistan's history by refunding punctually the installments of the
Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) punctually and with fair
amount of sense of responsibility.

Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Programme (PMYP) Maryam Nawaz Sharif while
endorsing the trend expressed her deep satisfaction over the paying back of
loans in easy installments by the young beneficiaries of the PMYBLS.

She was talking to Mrs Tahira Raza President, First Women Bank Ltd (FWBL) who
briefed the Chairperson PMYP on the paying back of loans through installments by
the beneficiaries of the PMYBLS, here at the PM House on Sunday. Maryam Nawaz
appreciated the start of depositing back of loans through easy installments by
the PMYBLS beneficiaries and said that as per vision of the PM, the PMYP had
been moving in the right direction.

The beneficiaries are living up to the expectations of PM Nawaz Sharif. She
maintained that the success of the unprecedented PMYP is evident from the fact
that the beneficiaries of the PMYBLS have been able to deposit monthly
installments against the loan in the lending banks' branches.

The Chairperson maintained that the beneficiaries of the PMYBLS have not only
successfully established their businesses but, have started making profits,
including women, who now enjoy the ownership of profitable and demand-driven
trades including dairy farming, e-clothing (sale of stitched clothes through
online marketing), beauty parlours, tuition centres, boutiques, provision and
general stores, handicrafts, health clubs, interior designing etc.

PMYP Chairperson said that the returning back of loans through easy installments
by the budding entrepreneurs speaks volume for the success of the PMYBLS in
particular and PMYP in general and added that the latter has turned talented but
jobless youth into successful and emerging entrepreneurs as now they are able to
pay back the loan after successfully running their trades

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

NBP disburses over Rs 6.5 billion under PMYBL Scheme

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 29

LENGTH: 260  words


Irtiza Kazmi, Executive Vice President and Head Cash Management and PMYBL
Co-ordination-CRBG at National Bank of Pakistan said that National Bank of
Pakistan had disbursed more than Rs 6.5 billion loans to over 7,000 youth under
the PMYBL Scheme. He said the other banks had contributed a small amount of
money for the PM Youth Business Loan Scheme while NBP had disbursed a huge
amount of loans amounting to over Rs 6.5 billion.

He was speaking as Guest of Honour at the fourth Corporate Ambassador Award
organised recently here at a hotel. Irtiza said NBP was a leading player in
promoting the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme that now envisaged
about six percent mark-up only while government was giving subsidy of
approximately six percent to the NBP and other lending financial institutions.

He said PM Youth Business Loan Scheme was a huge success and the NBP had
recorded several success stories of the youth who got loans and running
businesses successfully, especially womenfolk. He said at present the challenge
was the sustainability of the economic growth in Pakistan, adding the government
should maintain balance between borrowings and taxation to ensure a sustainable
economic growth in Pakistan.

Irtiza Kazmi also received "Pride of Pakistan Award" for the NBP. He appreciated
the Corporate Ambassador for organising awards that not only appreciates the
outstanding achievements of the organisations and people but also motivates them
to carry on their mission of attaining further excellence in their respective
fields and professions.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Prime Minister''s youth loans tenor enhanced to eight years

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 331

LENGTH: 212  words


The State Bank of Pakistan on Monday announced enhancement in maximum tenor for
Prime Minister''s Youth Business Loans. Now the maximum period will be eight
years. Earlier, on November 18, 2013, the SBP announced that tenor for Prime
Minister''s Youth Business Loans will be up to 7 years with six (6) months grace
period. However, now the SBP has decided to enhance the tenor by six months to
facilitate the youth.

According to SBP IH&SMEFD Circular Letter No 09 of 2013, maximum tenor of the
loans under Prime Minister''s Youth Business Loans Scheme will be eight years
including grace period of one year.

In addition, the SBP has decided to withdraw sectoral limits imposed vide
IH&SMEFD Circular Letter No 08 of 2013.

Moreover, the central bank has invited attention of banks towards the SECP''s
Code of Corporate Governance required to be followed by banks in terms of
Prudential Regulation G-1. In this respect, banks have been advised to ensure
that financing provided under this programme or other similar programmes should
be reported in consolidated form in their Annual Reports under Corporate Social
Responsibility initiatives.

Other instructions on the subject will remain unchanged. The SBP has asked banks
to ensure meticulous compliance with the instructions.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Prime Minister''s youth loans tenor enhanced to eight years

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 331

LENGTH: 212  words


The State Bank of Pakistan on Monday announced enhancement in maximum tenor for
Prime Minister''s Youth Business Loans. Now the maximum period will be eight
years. Earlier, on November 18, 2013, the SBP announced that tenor for Prime
Minister''s Youth Business Loans will be up to 7 years with six (6) months grace
period. However, now the SBP has decided to enhance the tenor by six months to
facilitate the youth.

According to SBP IH&SMEFD Circular Letter No 09 of 2013, maximum tenor of the
loans under Prime Minister''s Youth Business Loans Scheme will be eight years
including grace period of one year.

In addition, the SBP has decided to withdraw sectoral limits imposed vide
IH&SMEFD Circular Letter No 08 of 2013.

Moreover, the central bank has invited attention of banks towards the SECP''s
Code of Corporate Governance required to be followed by banks in terms of
Prudential Regulation G-1. In this respect, banks have been advised to ensure
that financing provided under this programme or other similar programmes should
be reported in consolidated form in their Annual Reports under Corporate Social
Responsibility initiatives.

Other instructions on the subject will remain unchanged. The SBP has asked banks
to ensure meticulous compliance with the instructions.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

Only 15pc to get benefit from PM loan scheme

BYLINE:  SALMAN ABDUHU

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 11

LENGTH: 508  words


Just 15 per cent of the total applicants were chosen for the award of loan out
of total 38,000 applications received through banks, as only 5,350 candidates
were declared successful after the balloting conducted by the PM recently.

The loan amount will be disbursed after documentation by those candidates whose
names have appeared as successful candidates in the ballot.

Apparently the PM Youth Loan scheme failed to attract widespread response as
despite government claims that millions of downloads were made to apply for the
loans, saying that hundreds of thousands will benefit from the scheme, but only
38-36,000 applications were received out of which 85 per cent were rejected.

According to the data, around 38,000 applications including 28,000 from Punjab,
600 from Islamabad Capital Territory, 3,500 from KPK, 100 from Gilgit Baltistan,
1,000 from Balochistan, 500 from AJK and 3,000 from Sindh, were received through
National Bank and First Women Bank. Out of these applications 6,127 were
approved for balloting, of which 5,350 were chosen who would be given loans.

Official sources said that applicants were selected according to the provincial
quota and successful candidates would be informed through SMS.

They said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory
were selected through balloting while all the female applications from Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit Baltistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir
were approved due to limited in numbers.

The National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) has put the names of the successful
candidates of the first balloting result for the PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme
on its website.

The National Bank 38000 application out of which 6,077 cases were finalised for
balloting, out of which 5,350 applicants were declared successful after the
balloting. While 4085 applications were declared successful out of total 4,782
cases belonging to Punjab, names of 105 applicants out of 135 cases sent from
Islamabad, were among the successful.

From AJK 75 cases, Balochistan 73, KPK 670 and Sindh 342 cases were sent and all
cases came out successful in balloting. Applicants have applied for loans for
different business sectors mainly dairy and livestock, agri processing,
boutiques, light engineering, marketing and distribution, education and retail
trade. The bank officials said that the scheme is aimed at exploiting the skills
of the unemployed youth that may benefit in country's economic growth and
prosperity along with promoting SMEs.

They said that in the past up to 70 percent of youth population had no access to
loans, as only the influential businessmen were eligible to get loans from
banks. They said the youth would lead the nation as in developed countries 80
per cent youth play their role in strengthening the economy.

Unemployed citizens of 21 to 45 age group would be given Rs100,000 to
Rs20,00,000 for initiating their business ventures. These loans are for period
of up to eight years including one-year grace period and a maximum debt-equity
ratio of 90:10.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

Pakistan: Maryam Nawaz holds no control on loan disbursement: Spokesperson

LENGTH: 599  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 8 -- Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) Tuesday refuting
the allegations levelled by PTI Chairman against PMYP's Chairperson has
announced that the particular Chairperson has no financial and administrative
control over disbursing of loans by banks as pre and post-disbursement of amount
follows strict internal and external audit regime to ensure transparency.

The Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations levelled by
Chief of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI), Imran Khan of exclusively handing over
of Rs. 100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to its
Chairperson, Maryam Nawaz by Prime Minister.

Contradicting the allegations, the Spokesperson said PTI's Chief lacks knowledge
about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of Prime Minister's Youth Programme before dis-informing the youth for
political point scoring.

The Spokesperson explained that contrary to pack of lies told by Imran Khan, the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is transparently
implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank (FWB) as the
loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs through their own
financial resources.

The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to PMYP for
rolling out PMYBLS.

The Spokesperson further explained that the government of Pakistan has only
earmarked Rs. 5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit
tenure of eight (8) years including one year grace period.

The Spokesperson maintained that the banks are accountable only to State Bank of
Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in processing, approving and
rejecting the loans' applications.

Thus, the Chairperson PMYP has no financial and administrative control over the
disbursing of loans by banks, it was further maintained.

The Spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs.
4.0 and Rs 1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement Schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP.

The HEC as an implementing agency for both the schemes disburses the amount
after following the laid down criteria stipulated by Ministry of Finance, the
Spokesperson further explained.

Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, the Spokesperson
said an amount of Rs. 800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across Federation including
Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), Azad Jammu Kashmir (AJK) and Gilgit
Baltistan (GB).

Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises no
financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary allocation.

Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, the Spokesperson said
an amount of Rs 3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty Alleviation
Fund (PPAF) for disbursement of 25,000 loans up to Rs. 250,000 among the poor
segment of society to start micro-business activity for honourable livelihood.

Naturally, the Chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative
authority over PPAF, the Spokesperson added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              June 05, 2005 Sunday

NEIGHBORS

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1096 words


The Whitin Community Center has received a contribution of $1,000 from Milford
Federal Savings and Loan Association in support of the Whitin Community Center
Youth Outreach Program and the Whitin Community Center Rockdale Youth Center.

According to Cynthia A. Casey, President and CEO of the Milford Federal Savings
and Loan Association, "We are happy to have the opportunity to support the
Whitin Community Center's efforts to provide youth outreach programs that help
improve the quality of life for low to moderate-income families. We remain
committed to the well being of the residents in our local communities."

WCC Director Charles E. Thompson said, "This donation is very much appreciated
and will be applied toward the operational expenses of these programs that are
provided free of charge to youngsters ages 8 to 13 years. We are grateful to
Milford Federal Savings and Loan Association for their support of these
charitable programs."

For more information about the Whitin Community Center, the Youth Outreach
Program and Rockdale Youth Center, visit www.OurGym.org or call (508) 234-8184.

State Rep. Jennifer M. Callahan, D-Sutton, presented the Town of Sutton a
citation in honor of receiving the Tree City USA Five Year Award at the recent
Tree City USA Forum and Awards Program.

"Seeing the town recognized for something they have put a lot of effort into for
the past five years gives the residents of Sutton a positive feeling and a true
sense of accomplishment," said Rep. Callahan. "Retaining the Tree City USA award
shows that our community cares about its environment and the quality of life for
all residents."

Tree City USA is a national awards program run by the National Arbor Day
Foundation, administered in Massachusetts by the Department of Recreation's
(DCR) Urban and Community Forestry Program. To qualify for Tree City USA, a town
must meet four standards established by the National Arbor Day Foundation and
the National Association of State Foresters. Each town must have a tree board or
department, a tree care ordinance, a community forestry program with an annual
budget of at least $2 per capita and an Arbor Day observance and proclamation.

"It has been five years of hard work," said Town Planner Jennifer Hager. "It's
rewarding for the town to grow recognition for is green infrastructure. More and
more people are realizing the value of it. It's a great feeling to see a 100
year old oak tree all cared for and pruned, knowing that you took part in making
it stay there for another 100 years."

Each year, fourth-grade students take part in the town's Arbor Day celebration
by planting new trees in the community. This year's event was on April 29 at the
Manchaug Fire Station at 10:30 a.m.

The Massachusetts Association of Councils on Aging and Senior Center Directors
has announced that five Council on Aging directors and five program managers,
including one from the Blackstone Valley, have been certified in this year's
staff certification process.

Karen Albright, Uxbridge resident and outreach program manager in both Millville
and Blackstone, is one of only five program manager certifications this year.

Modeled after programs in Michigan and Ohio and similar in focus to existing
Massachusetts programs for veterans agents, treasurers and town clerks, the
Massachusetts Association of Councils on Aging has completed a multi-year
planning process to certify staff at local senior centers.

Justine Southwick Brewer, president of Southwick's Zoo, was honored as one of
the central Massachusetts Women of Distinction at an award ceremony presented by
the Girl Scouts of Montachusett Council, Inc.

Local businesses and organizations honored 23 women for their outstanding
professional and volunteer accomplishments at the 13th annual Women of
Distinction luncheon on April 12 at the Holiday Inn in Worcester.

Ms. Brewer was recognized as someone who has shown exceptional dedication to her
profession, exceeded the expectations of her position, been an inspiration to
her co-workers, and positively affected her community. Through Ms. Brewer's hard
work and leadership over the past 30 years, Southwick's Zoo has become New
England's second largest zoo and it remains one of the only privately owned zoos
left in the world.

Ms. Brewer began her career when she was a child, milking cows on her family
farm. Many years ago, she and her husband owned and operated Santa's Land in
Vermont. The couple left Santa's Land to take over operations at Southwick's
Zoo. When her husband died, Ms. Brewer found herself with a zoo to operate and
four children to raise.

Ms. Brewer has always taken time to give back to her community. She has served
on the Central Massachusetts Convention and Visitors Bureau and is a Daughter of
the Revolutionary War. She helped to save her family's farm from demise and to
turn it into a place where people could learn about one of the oldest farms in
the United States.

The 13h annual Women of Distinction luncheon was presented through the support
of many businesses. The presenting sponsor was Deerfield Press Inc. Gold
sponsors were Allmerica Financial/Hanover Insurance, Massachusetts Electric Co.,
and Trophy Nut Co. Green sponsors were Fallon Community Health Plan; Fletcher,
Tilton & Whipple, PC; R.H. White Construction Company, Inc.; and attorney
Stephan M. Rodolakis.

Twenty-one year old Laura Brophy was crowned Miss Blackstone Valley on March 20.
She is a junior attending the University of Massachusetts at Lowell, where she
is majoring in music education. She is vocalist. She sang "Goody Goody" from the
Broadway musical "Smokey Joe's CafA" for her talent presentation. She will
dedicate her year of service to her platform "The Importance of Music Education
in our Schools and Our Communities."

Twenty-three year old Jaclyn Mullavey was crowned Miss Worcester County 2005 on
March 20. She is a graduate of Rollins College where she received her Bachelor's
Degree in English and minored in dance. She is currently employed as a Grade 7
English teacher in the Lowell Public Schools.

She is a dancer and performed a jazz dance to "Hot Honey Rag" from the musical
"Chicago" for her talent presentation. She was also awarded the interview,
swimsuit, and Sophie Karpawich Community Service Award during the 2005 event.
She will dedicate her year of service to her platform "Green Perspectives: The
Power of Golf."

This will be her second trip to the Miss Massachusetts stage, where she was 3rd
runner-up in 2003. The state competition will be held June 25.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; (1) COURTESY PHOTO; (1) On behalf of the Millville Patrolmen's
Association, Greg Lewandowski presented a generous donation to Millville Senior
Center Fundraising Committee member John McNamara at a recent Millville Senior
Citizens Club meeting. The "History in the Making Campaign," in progress since
February, has raised more than $58,000 to date toward Senior Center furnishings
and equipment. (2) Brewer

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              691 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              April 5, 1996 Friday

CIBC, Royal to help young unemployed be entrepreneurs   New foundation to offer
$15,000 loans

BYLINE: PAUL WALDIE; GAM

LENGTH: 621 words


BY PAUL WALDIE
The Globe and Mail
 Two of Canada's major banks are backing the creation of a non-profit
foundation that will lend money to unemployed young people who want to
start their own business.

The Canadian Youth Business Foundation will provide loans of up to
$15,000 to unemployed people between the ages of 18 and 29. Borrowers will
also have a mentor who will provide business advice on a volunteer basis.

The foundation will officially be launched at a press conference
Tuesday in Ottawa. It also plans to start an Internet service late in
April to provide information on resources for entrepreneurs.

Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and Royal Bank of Canada are
sponsoring the new foundation, along with the Canadian Youth Foundation, a
non-profit agency based in Ottawa.

Lucie Bohac Konrad, executive director of the Canadian Youth
Foundation, wouldn't say exactly how much the banks are contributing. "But
it's millions" of dollars, she said.

"The critical success factor here, we believe, will be the mentor,"
said David McGown, president of the Canadian Youth Foundation and a
spokesman for CIBC.

"We are looking for the learning and the knowledge of other successful
business individuals who are willing to share some of their time and
experience with younger entrepreneurs. It is very exciting. It's the first
time (the banks and a non-profit agency) have attempted something like
this."

The loans will be managed by the new foundation, which has opened an
office in Toronto. The banks are not handling the borrowing because the
foundation estimates that as many as a quarter of the new business
ventures will fail.

"This is high risk, which is why a financial institution couldn't do it
on its books," Mr. McGown said. "The bank makes money when its loan losses
are less than 2 per cent."

The foundation is modelled after the Prince's Youth Business Trust in
Britain. That program provides business mentors and small loans to
disadvantaged young people to start a business.

Mr. McGown said the new foundation has been designed to meet the
growing problem of youth unemployment.

Statistics Canada reported yesterday that the unemployment rate among
people 15 to 24 years old was 15.3 per cent in March. That was down from
15.8 per cent in February, but 38,000 young people gave up looking for
work during the month and dropped out of the labour force. The overall
unemployment rate was 9.3 per cent.

In a report released last fall, the Canadian Youth Foundation also said
youth unemployment costs $4.5-billion a year in unemployment insurance and
welfare payments.

The foundation "will be a real opportunity to help these kids and
really boost them along," said Joanne Jackson, a member of the Youth
Foundation board and a senior producer at YTV Canada Inc. in Toronto.

"These kids have to learn from a very young age that they may have to
start their own companies to secure themselves in employment. For the
average kid just coming out of university, it's pretty frustrating to get
the capital together to get started."

Mr. McGown said many provinces have lending programs to help start new
businesses but most aren't directed specifically to young people.

"We have taken a look at all the programs that are out there to make
sure we are not recreating the wheel here," he said. The foundation "is
not a silver bullet, it is not the answer to youth unemployment, but it is
an innovative way of coming at one aspect of the youth unemployment
issue."

Catherine Swift, president of the Canadian Federation of Independent
Business, said she welcomes the program.

"We see it as addressing an appropriate niche," she said, adding that
the use of mentors will be especially helpful.

"That type of relationship can be really incredibly valuable to
somebody new in business."

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

PM loan plan bridging Baloch youth

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 287

LENGTH: 163  words


The Chairperson for standing committee for Information and Broadcasting and the
Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Programme Marvi Memon on
Saturday said that it was a positive omen that the youth of Balochistan and the
educational institutions were taking part in Prime Minister Youth Business
Programme which would help subside the sense of deprivation in the people of
Balochistan.

She said this while addressing to the students during her visit to Balochistan
University of Information, Technology and Management Sciences (BUITMS).

She said that the loans would be provided on pure merit, adding that matter
would be taken up with authorities of National Bank to make the conditions
further conducive and easier for the youth.

She encouraged students to come forward and benefit from the programme, saying
that the loan could be used to acquire education in higher and better
institutions. She termed the loan programme of prime minister as gift for the
youth.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

PM loan plan bridging Baloch youth

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 287

LENGTH: 163  words


The Chairperson for standing committee for Information and Broadcasting and the
Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Programme Marvi Memon on
Saturday said that it was a positive omen that the youth of Balochistan and the
educational institutions were taking part in Prime Minister Youth Business
Programme which would help subside the sense of deprivation in the people of
Balochistan.

She said this while addressing to the students during her visit to Balochistan
University of Information, Technology and Management Sciences (BUITMS).

She said that the loans would be provided on pure merit, adding that matter
would be taken up with authorities of National Bank to make the conditions
further conducive and easier for the youth.

She encouraged students to come forward and benefit from the programme, saying
that the loan could be used to acquire education in higher and better
institutions. She termed the loan programme of prime minister as gift for the
youth.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

PM loan plan bridging Baloch youth

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 287

LENGTH: 163  words


The Chairperson for standing committee for Information and Broadcasting and the
Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Programme Marvi Memon on
Saturday said that it was a positive omen that the youth of Balochistan and the
educational institutions were taking part in Prime Minister Youth Business
Programme which would help subside the sense of deprivation in the people of
Balochistan.

She said this while addressing to the students during her visit to Balochistan
University of Information, Technology and Management Sciences (BUITMS).

She said that the loans would be provided on pure merit, adding that matter
would be taken up with authorities of National Bank to make the conditions
further conducive and easier for the youth.

She encouraged students to come forward and benefit from the programme, saying
that the loan could be used to acquire education in higher and better
institutions. She termed the loan programme of prime minister as gift for the
youth.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

PM loan plan bridging Baloch youth

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 287

LENGTH: 163  words


The Chairperson for standing committee for Information and Broadcasting and the
Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Programme Marvi Memon on
Saturday said that it was a positive omen that the youth of Balochistan and the
educational institutions were taking part in Prime Minister Youth Business
Programme which would help subside the sense of deprivation in the people of
Balochistan.

She said this while addressing to the students during her visit to Balochistan
University of Information, Technology and Management Sciences (BUITMS).

She said that the loans would be provided on pure merit, adding that matter
would be taken up with authorities of National Bank to make the conditions
further conducive and easier for the youth.

She encouraged students to come forward and benefit from the programme, saying
that the loan could be used to acquire education in higher and better
institutions. She termed the loan programme of prime minister as gift for the
youth.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

PM approves Rs 3.5 billion interest-free loan scheme

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, May 14 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Tuesday approved a Rs 3.5
billion interest-free loan scheme for the public 'to provide an impetus to the
economic activities in the country'.Under the scheme, interest-free loans up to
Rs 50,000 would be provided to 1 million people across country. Half of the
beneficiaries will be women, while disbursement of loans will start in third
week of June this year. The loans will be disbursed through Pakistan Poverty
Alleviation Fund (PPAF) and each federating unit will get its share as per the
NFC Award, with primary focus on rural areas. Proper loan centres and business
support centres will be set up across country to facilitate the beneficiaries.

The prime minister told a meeting held to review the progress on the
interest-free loan scheme that micro finance schemes are the catalysts for
political and economic development in any country while micro credit is an
instrument of change for the poorest segment of the society, especially women.
He said such schemes boost the productive economic activities in the country. "I
am convinced that if our youth are given proper guidance and financial support
through micro credit schemes and better access to innovative technology, they
can play their positive role in development of the country," he said.

Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Scheme Maryam Nawaz briefed the meeting on
progress of other programmes. She told the prime minister that training of
selected youth under the PM Youth Skill Development Programme has commenced from
May 12. Some 25,000 youth of the less developed areas from all over the country
will be imparted training in 100 disciplines under the programme. The duration
of training programme is 4-6 months for various disciplines and the programme
will cost Rs 800 million. Some 35% quota is allocated for women, keeping in view
the government's policy of empowering the women in the country.

The allocation of seats is according to the population in the federating units,
based on the NFC Award. The basic aim of the scheme is to train the youth in
different skills in order to make them self-sufficient. The skill development
programme is focused to channel the talent and energies of the youth so that
they can earn their livelihood and meet the challenges of the modern world, she
said. Maryam told the prime minister that the PM Fee Disbursement Scheme would
benefit approximately 33,000 eligible students, during the current financial
year. The students doing M Phil and PhD from 59 districts will avail provision
of tuition fee and other education charges. The government will cover all the
expenses, she said.

Briefing the prime minister on the PM Laptop scheme, she said all MS, M Phil and
PhD scholars of public sector universities would be eligible. There will be a
special quota for disabled, she added. The students would be selected on the
basis of their performance, she said. Bright students of polytechnic
institutions will also be eligible.

The prime minister was told that the HAIER Electrical Appliances, the company
which got the contract, will assemble 10,0000 laptops in Pakistan and from the
next year 100% distributed laptops will be assembled in Pakistan. Every laptop
will have an Evo device with three months of free internet connection. The
company will also offer internship to selected students. The company will
establish e-education rooms in two universities where 14 softwares will be
installed free of cost. The distribution of laptops will start in June, with
first tranche of 10,000 laptops.

The prime minister said the establishment of assembly plants is a step in the
right direction. "I am happy that this scheme was examined and vetted by
Transparency International and is being appreciated by them," he added. The
meeting also reviewed arrangements for the second balloting of PM Youth Business
Loan Scheme. Maryam said the next balloting of the youth loan scheme will be
carried out next month.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                             June 8, 2013 Saturday

Selection process of co-ops issuing YSESF loans to become strict

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, June 8 -- The government is mulling over framing stringent enrolment
criteria for savings and credit cooperatives that are interested in extending
cheap loans to jobless youths on behalf of the Youth and Small Entrepreneurs
Self-employment Fund (YSESF).

The YSESF was established by the government of the UCPN (Maoist) some four and
half years ago as a vehicle to provide unsecured low-interest loans of up to Rs
200,000 to raise access of jobless youths to credit and promote entrepreneurship
among them.

Initially, the Fund had sought help of banks and financial institutions to
extend loans to jobless youths. But after these institutions failed to rope in
enough clients, the YSESF earlier in 2013 decided to mobilize savings and credit
cooperatives as well to provide loans to youths.

So far, the YSESF has extended Rs 600 million among 559 savings and credit
cooperatives across the country. However, there are complaints that most of
these cooperatives are affiliated to political parties and funds made available
by the YSESF are being used to create vote banks rather than generating
self-employment opportunities for jobless youths. It is also said there is
problem in recovery of loans that were issued so far.

"We have heard of these complaints," Finance Minister Shankar Koirala told .
"That's why we have directed the YSESF not to release second installment of Rs
600 million to the cooperatives until it is clear that loans extended so far are
being put into proper use."

In this regard, the Ministry of Finance is thinking of framing tough selection
criteria for cooperatives, the minister further said without elaborating. "We
believe making names of 559 cooperatives and 16,500 borrowers public through a
website would also ensure transparency and promote accountability," Minister
Koirala added.

The YSESF has always been mired in controversy since its establishment.

Around one and half years ago, for instance, there were complaints that banks
and financial institutions invested funds acquired from the YSESF in
high-yielding deposit products, instead of distributing funds to jobless youths.

At that time, it was said that financial institutions like Western Rural
Development Bank, First Microfinance Development Bank and Madhuban Savings and
Credit Cooperative had not used a single penny from a sum of Rs 27 million given
by the YSESF. While, commercial banks like Kist, which had received Rs 50
million in credit, had only utilized 5 percent of the total amount.

Later, some banks and financial institutions that feared recovery of loans
denied to credit without guarantee, arguing extension of unsecured

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

NBP disburses over Rs 6.5 billion

LENGTH: 268  words


Irtiza Kazmi, Executive Vice President and Head Cash Management  and  PMYBL
Coordination-CRBG at National Bank of Pakistan said that NBP had disbursed more
than Rs.6.5 billion loans to over 7,000 youth under the PMYBL Scheme. He said
the other banks have contributed a small amount of money for the PM Youth
Business Loan Scheme while National Bank of Pakistan had disbursed a huge amount
of loans amounting to over Rs.6.5 billion.

Speaking as Guest of Honor at the 4th Corporate Ambassador Award organized
recently at a local hotel, Irtiza said the NBP was a leading player in promoting
the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme that now envisages about 6
percent mark-up only while government was giving subsidy of approximately 6
percent to the NBP and other lending financial institutions.

He said that the PM Youth Business Loan Scheme was a huge success and the
National Bank of Pakistan has recorded several success stories of the youth who
got loans and running businesses successfully, especially womenfolk.

He said that at present the challenge was the sustainability of the economic
growth in Pakistan. He said the Government should maintain balance between
borrowings and taxation to ensure a sustainable economic growth in Pakistan.

Irtiza Kazmi also received "Pride of Pakistan Award" for the National Bank of
Pakistan. He appreciated the Corporate Ambassador for organizing awards that not
only appreciates the outstanding achievements of the organizations and people
but also motivates them to carry on their mission of attaining further
excellence in their respective fields and professions.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               November 05, 2013

Impart Skills in Youths At Tender Age - Nhema

LENGTH: 638 words


Entrepreneurial skills should be imparted into youths at an early stage to
nurture a business mind and avoid situations where they fail to service loans,
Youth, Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment Minister Francis Nhema said.
Speaking during a post-election dialogue conference organised by the Zimbabwe
Council of Churches in Harare last week, Minister Nhema said at least 65 percent
of youths who benefited under various youth funds set up by Government were
failing to service their loans owing to lack of knowledge.

The three-day conference brought together political parties, church leaders and
traditional leaders to identify key post-election issues and provide a platform
for reflection and analysis.

Minister Nhema said some of the youths had disappeared and changed their
addresses and telephone numbers.

"Empowerment is not all about money," he said.

"The issue is were we empowered emotionally, spiritually and socially? No, we
were not. I do not speak empowerment of money because all the youths who
benefited from the loans given to them are not paying.

"I am looking for them and I cannot find their addresses. I am looking for their
cellphones, but I cannot find them.

"So, they were never empowered. They took the money and they ran away and you
know it; you told them to grab and run."

Minister Nhema said a huge chunk of defaulters were those who benefited under
the Old Mutual-Cabs Kurera/Ukondla Youth Fund.

More than US$4 million was distributed under the fund with beneficiaries getting
US$5 000 and above to start businesses.

"It is a revolving fund and they should pay up so that it benefits others out
there who are in search of empowerment," Minister Nhema said.

Some of the youths had established successful businesses with the loans.

"I should take responsibility that when we gave them (the loans), we did not
consider that they were first time entrepreneurs and there was need to train
them before they collected the money," said Minister Nhema.

"As a Government, we will continue working hard to ensure that we provide them
with the requisite skills before giving them the money."

Minister Nhema said the idea of indeginisation and empowerment programme was for
ordinary Zimbabweans to participate in the mainstream economy.

"Youths from 10-25 years should be groomed at this tender age so that they have
a vision of what they want to be in future. It is difficult to change their
mindset when they are a bit older.

"We want the young people to know and embrace the opportunities that are
available to them. Even without proper education, we adequately train them to
make something out of their lives and stop all the mischief they are sometimes
engaged in," he said.

Presenting a paper on Opportunities for Political and Social Development in the
New Constitutional Dispensation, Justice, Legal and Parliamentary Affairs
Minister Emmerson Mnangagwa said the new constitution gives the country an
opportunity to overcome challenges facing the nation and provide avenues to
fight unemployment and poverty.

"The new Constitution is an embodiment of our best hopes, aspirants, ideals and
values for a peaceful and more prosperous nation," he said in a speech read on
his behalf by acting secretary in the ministry Mr Maxwell Ranga.

"Zimbabweans should be proud of making history as one of the few nations in the
world that has managed to replace their colonial constitutions in a peaceful
manner.

"I have no doubt that the document will fundamentally transform our nation
economically, politically and socially."

Minister Mnangagwa said politicians should now stop politicking and concentrate
on nation-building as required.

ZCC president Bishop Ishmael Mukuwanda said it was critical for the church to
engage Government and political parties to ensure that those elected into office
adhere to their election promises.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              New Vision (Kampala)

                                August 25, 2013

Will the New Sh260 Billion Govt Programme End Unemployment?

BYLINE: John Semakula

LENGTH: 975 words


When Steven Kizito, 33, went to the bank to secure a loan last year, through the
Youth Venture Capital Fund, he was asked to present a birth certificate and
security. While he was able to find a birth certificate, getting collateral was
a tall order.

A resident of Butebe village in Mukono, Kizito rents two rooms, where he lives
with his family. He has no land title which the bank wants as security.

Kizito works as a newspaper vendor in the morning and later attends to his art
and crafts business, worth about sh2m. He wanted a sh5m loan to expand his
business.

But without security, he has given up on the Youth Venture Capital loans, which
were recently initiated by the Government to boost small youth enterprises.

Kizito is one of the thousands of youth whose hope to benefit from the fund have
been shattered by several factors, including lack of security.

But when the Government announced the Youth Livelihood Programme (YLP) during
the International Youth Day celebrations recently to supplement the Youth
Venture Capital Fund, Kizito's hopes were rekindled. "I am ready to collect the
loan as soon as the programme kicks off. I will pay back because I have running
projects," he said.

The programme is a result of combined effort by stakeholders who want to end the
escalating problem of youth unemployment. Before unveiling the new programme,
the state minister for the youth, Ronald Kibuule, said YLP is a better
programme.

He noted that beside the banks asking the youth for security, which they did not
have, they (banks) were also few on ground. With the new programme, Kibuule said
the funds would be directly channelled to the beneficiaries from the centre.

In the same spirit, the Uganda Parliamentary Forum on Youth Affairs (UPFYA) has
also come up with the National Youth Enterprise Fund Bill, which was tabled in
Parliament recently.

Eastern youth MP Peter Ogwang said that the fund would be more reliable and will
not be tagged to whims of politicians.

Ogwang said the Venture Fund, whose income would come from the Government,
donors and well-wishers, would run parallel to other programmes, like YLP.
Although the YLP programme is still a proposal, President Museveni has indicated
he might support it. Speaking at the International Youth Day celebrations in
Mukono recently, Museveni said the idea was brilliant and asked for some time to
study it, before he would take a position.

Gender ministry permanent secretary Pius Bigirimana said the YLP programme was
meant to operate, like the Northern Uganda Social Action Fund (NUSAF). It is a
community-based programme, where the locals initiate the project.

NUSAF is community-driven and puts a lot of emphasis on accountability, even the
Inspectorate of Government keeps a keen eye on the process from the start.

According to the proposal, the progamme targets youth between 18 and 30 years.
The beneficiaries must be living in slums, single parents, youth with
disability, youth who have completed secondary schools and tertiary institution
and school dropouts

The programme is multi-sectoral and will be implemented over a period of five
years, starting from July 1, 2013 to June 30, 2018, in all the 112 districts of
Uganda. The programme is intended to contribute to sustainable production, which
will ultimately lead to national development.

Through the community participatory mechanism, beneficiaries would be identified
during the extended participatory rural/urban appraisal process at sub-counties.
The chosen project will be allocated a maximum sh12.21m, but any project with a
budget in excess of this amount, which the district technical team will deem
necessary, will be recommended for approval by the national technical working
committee. Such a project will be subject to an absolute capital of sh24.42m.

Funds to the benefiting projects will flow directly from Bank of Uganda to the
district's operation account and from the districts to the sub-county account.
Districts and sub-counties have been allocated operation fees worth at least 5%
of the total project disbursement.

Each interest group consisting of 10 to15 members, will have a democratically
elected Youth Project Management Committee (YPMC), which will manage the
projects on behalf of the communities. The group to be considered must have a
number of things, including a physical address. Members must be unemployed or
underemployed and must provide for the youth with disability. The groups must
also be composed of 30% female members.

Ogwang is optimistic that the programme will work. The MP said the youth
councils were fully involved in conceptualising the programme, unlike in the
past.

He added that the problem of youth unemployment has been mainly caused by lack
of capital and a negative attitude.

Bigirimana said beneficiaries would pay back the loans after the projects have
generated profits equivalent to the loan advanced. "A total of sh53b will be
provided every financial year to support the programme," Bigirimana explained.
But Ogwang says even if the Government started with only sh19b this financial
year, it would make a difference.

Prof Augustus Nuwagaba, an anti-poverty activist, said the programme would work
since it involves giving the youth capital and enterprising skills, instead of
cash handouts.

"It is more viable where you have fish and you teach someone how to fish than
giving him fish. When you give people cash, they think it is their money to
eat," Nuwagaba said.

He advised Uganda to adopt the Chinese "dual qualification framework system,
where students at universities graduate with two papers, including one in a
vocational skill, such as plumbing. He said Tanzania had adopted the system.

Robert Kabushenga, the CEO of Vision Group, seems to agree with Nuwagaba
according to the opinion he wrote in New Vision recently, in which he backed
skilling against cash handouts.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

FCCI sees prosperity through loan scheme

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 283

LENGTH: 262  words


The PM's Youth Business Loans Programme will be helpful to strengthen the
national economy, bring prosperity and create employments in the country, said
the Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce & Industry president.

FCCI President Suhail Bin Rashid praised Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif over scheme
which benefits the national youth. Skilled and educated youth will benefit from
the scheme by utilising their abilities for progress of Pakistan. The dream of
making Pakistan Asian Tiger will come true soon. He said and added that most of
the developed countries promoted their SMEs to boost their economies and
generate employment. So, he said, the step will cause economic revival in the
country.

He said that under the loan scheme, loan of Rs100,000 to 2 million will be
granted to 100,000 youth of the country for 8 years duration to start new
businesses in specified sectors. The loan programme, part of the Prime
Minister's Youth Programme' initiative, will provide financing at 8% mark-up per
annum for 100,000 beneficiaries through the National Bank of Pakistan and First
Women Bank.

He elaborated that all the developed countries had promoted entrepreneurship. He
lauded the PM and said the step was historical milestone for bringing
improvement and economic revival in the country. The young generation is capable
of streamlining the economy and can change the destiny of the country, he hoped.

He urged the youth to get loans and utilise their capabilities for prosperity of
the country. He also asked the government to make the scheme more lenient to
facilitate more people.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

PM's scheme for youth

BYLINE:  K.D. Kalandrani - Khuzdar

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. LXVII No. 346

LENGTH: 213  words


FINALLY the details of the prime minister's youth business loans have been
unveiled. Millions of youths have decided to apply for loans under the said
programme.

Initially, an applicant has to submit certain documents and working plans but it
is being feared that nobody would be able to find a guarantor for these loans.

A guarantor (who is supposed to be a volunteer and is never a beneficiary) is
required to undergo a strict verification process in the first phase and is also
required to put his signatures on an exceptionally fearsome and dreadful
agreement favouring NBP interests. He must issue postdated cheques for the loan
amount plus the markup. This is discouraging the people from becoming
guarantors.

The prime minister seems sincere about doing a lot for the youth, but banks
would prefer to discourage people to apply for this programme.

The PM should remove these bottlenecks and review the recent procedural input of
the NBP and consider simplification of the procedure enabling the youth to
obtain loans from banks easily.

Provincial governments should be bound to stand as guarantors for such loans
which, in turn, can recover these loans under the West Pakistan Land Revenue Act
1967 which is the most effective legislation for the recovery of government
dues.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

PM's scheme for youth

BYLINE:  K.D. Kalandrani - Khuzdar

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. LXVII No. 346

LENGTH: 213  words


FINALLY the details of the prime minister's youth business loans have been
unveiled. Millions of youths have decided to apply for loans under the said
programme.

Initially, an applicant has to submit certain documents and working plans but it
is being feared that nobody would be able to find a guarantor for these loans.

A guarantor (who is supposed to be a volunteer and is never a beneficiary) is
required to undergo a strict verification process in the first phase and is also
required to put his signatures on an exceptionally fearsome and dreadful
agreement favouring NBP interests. He must issue postdated cheques for the loan
amount plus the markup. This is discouraging the people from becoming
guarantors.

The prime minister seems sincere about doing a lot for the youth, but banks
would prefer to discourage people to apply for this programme.

The PM should remove these bottlenecks and review the recent procedural input of
the NBP and consider simplification of the procedure enabling the youth to
obtain loans from banks easily.

Provincial governments should be bound to stand as guarantors for such loans
which, in turn, can recover these loans under the West Pakistan Land Revenue Act
1967 which is the most effective legislation for the recovery of government
dues.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

PM's scheme for youth

BYLINE:  K.D. Kalandrani - Khuzdar

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. LXVII No. 346

LENGTH: 213  words


FINALLY the details of the prime minister's youth business loans have been
unveiled. Millions of youths have decided to apply for loans under the said
programme.

Initially, an applicant has to submit certain documents and working plans but it
is being feared that nobody would be able to find a guarantor for these loans.

A guarantor (who is supposed to be a volunteer and is never a beneficiary) is
required to undergo a strict verification process in the first phase and is also
required to put his signatures on an exceptionally fearsome and dreadful
agreement favouring NBP interests. He must issue postdated cheques for the loan
amount plus the markup. This is discouraging the people from becoming
guarantors.

The prime minister seems sincere about doing a lot for the youth, but banks
would prefer to discourage people to apply for this programme.

The PM should remove these bottlenecks and review the recent procedural input of
the NBP and consider simplification of the procedure enabling the youth to
obtain loans from banks easily.

Provincial governments should be bound to stand as guarantors for such loans
which, in turn, can recover these loans under the West Pakistan Land Revenue Act
1967 which is the most effective legislation for the recovery of government
dues.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday

PM's scheme for youth

BYLINE:  K.D. Kalandrani - Khuzdar

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. LXVII No. 346

LENGTH: 213  words


FINALLY the details of the prime minister's youth business loans have been
unveiled. Millions of youths have decided to apply for loans under the said
programme.

Initially, an applicant has to submit certain documents and working plans but it
is being feared that nobody would be able to find a guarantor for these loans.

A guarantor (who is supposed to be a volunteer and is never a beneficiary) is
required to undergo a strict verification process in the first phase and is also
required to put his signatures on an exceptionally fearsome and dreadful
agreement favouring NBP interests. He must issue postdated cheques for the loan
amount plus the markup. This is discouraging the people from becoming
guarantors.

The prime minister seems sincere about doing a lot for the youth, but banks
would prefer to discourage people to apply for this programme.

The PM should remove these bottlenecks and review the recent procedural input of
the NBP and consider simplification of the procedure enabling the youth to
obtain loans from banks easily.

Provincial governments should be bound to stand as guarantors for such loans
which, in turn, can recover these loans under the West Pakistan Land Revenue Act
1967 which is the most effective legislation for the recovery of government
dues.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Monitor (Kampala)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

Can Youth Loans Stimulate Economy? [column]

BYLINE: Karoli Ssemogerere

LENGTH: 853 words


On February 1, Ms Maria Kiwanuka, the Finance Minister, jumped onto the youth
entrepreneurship bandwagon placing Shs25 billion or 0.0125 per cent of the
national budget with three banks-- Stanbic, DFCU and Centenary Bank-- to
disburse to youths defined under Ugandan law as age 35 and below.

The eligibility pool of this loan programme spans about 20 per cent of Uganda's
population or 6 million people. This may translate into an average net loan
benefit of Shs4,166. If the pool of beneficiaries were reduced to 600,000 or 10
per cent of the pool, the benefit would rise marginally to 416,666 and if the
benefit is capped at a more realistic loan pool of 60,000 the numbers would top
4,166,666 or about 50 per cent of the amount needed to set up a well-capitalised
business. In 2010, the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs introduced another
monthly cash benefit for the destitute elderly capped at Shs20,000.00 per month
or Shs240,000.00 per annum.

Youth entrepreneurship programmes are the latest emergency response by policy
makers who recognise that unemployment is not only an economic threat but a
national security problem. International Labour Organisation has ongoing
entrepreneurship and training skills that have successfully been introduced in
countries like Kenya and Tanzania. Loan programmes in Uganda have mostly failed
for the simple reason that they are mostly cosmetic and tied into cheap
politics.

Access to the national cake requires a radical re-thinking of what forms the
core of government functions and government's role as an independent economic
agent. It is slowly being recognised that the push-pedals in the loans sector is
partly driven by products tailored to salary earners who are borrowing five
times their annual income through exotic products at exorbitant interest rates.

Elected officials are not far behind mortgaging their financial futures by
borrowing their entire salaries to a situation of net zero pay. Many MPs are in
this situation. Since 80 per cent of the national budget now goes towards
payroll rather than development, we only have government to blame that economic
growth has now plateaued at five per cent.

Ms Kiwanuka's loan announcement carried the usual splash. Smiles, briefcases and
statutory ink but these are not addressing the crumbling of businesses in the
countryside where economic activity is now slowing down to a trickle due to
cut-backs in government cash releases.

For instance, in my home district of Kalangala, now lauded as an economic role
model due to its wholesale embrace of palm oil outgrowing, the financial
position of the local Stanbic branch has retrenched from Shs1.1 billion in
deposits to Shs800 million in a district with more than 50,000 people. Early
this year, parent Stanbic announced the closure of several bank branches and 23
ATM facilities.

Rural communities depend on the ability of government to keep its promises and
make investments. It is not a secret that many towns running on thermal
generators are in darkness because government has run out of funds to pay for
the fuel. Pocketbook economics translates into at least 10 times the cost of
running a private generator to metered electricity and the attendant pollution
it creates.

NRM government promises are plagued by one major problem. A promise to one group
is kept by retrenching promises from another group. We have been spared the
nudity of the Youth MPs but not necessarily the ongoing cash-flow crisis that
threatens to grind government operations to a standstill.

Politicians will spend a lot of time explaining this new government programme to
the population. Per diem will be claimed and so will air-time for public service
announcements. The minister's loan guidelines are so scanty and insufficient
because they fail to address the core problem of whether these businesses will
only have a "social" role or will be required to post a profit.

Qualifying as a registered business at least legally involves some form of legal
incorporation. This cost alone, including stamp duty collected by the Ministry
of Finance, will set back an applicant for incorporation almost Shs1 million.
Access to national infrastructure like Taxpayer ID numbers, certificates of tax
clearance or filing annual returns are hidden costs that borrowers have to
incur.

A politician in 1996 once said Entandikwa would be the beginning of economic
doom for many rural communities dubbing it enkomerero- the end. Youth loans can
only have an impact if structured with other wide ranging reforms. Set-asides in
government contracting targeted public investments in public infrastructure that
benefit the youth like business parks may deliver more in the long run than
token loan programmes.

At 15 per cent, the youth are being offered better than prime or less than the
cost of money (currently 22 per cent) or about 2 per cent per month. Does the
minister have a replenishment fund to maintain the size of the loan kitty? Or is
she counting on enforcement police to collect the loans which are likely to go
bad?

Mr Ssemogerere, an attorney and social entrepreneur, practices law in New York.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   December 13, 1997, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

MPs urge student loans aid for jobless

BYLINE: BY TANYA TALAGA AND VINAY MENON TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 916 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


While Canada's first ministers were simply talking about youth unemployment
yesterday, a House of Commons committee was recommending ways of actually
helping young people.

The human resources committee, chaired by Liberal MP Reg Alcock (Winnipeg
South), released a report outlining recommendations on how to combat the problem
of paying off sometimes crippling student loans.

The panel says the federal government should:

* Set up a more flexible interest relief program during the critical 3-to-5-year
transition period after a student leaves a post-secondary institution. The
program should take into account the borrower's debt load and ability to pay.

* Work with the provincial participants in the Canada Student Loans Program to
come up with a debt reduction program for borrowers who can't meet their loan
obligations.

* Offer grants that would support post-secondary students in their first and
second year of education at recognized institutions.

* Study the cost of making the interest on student loans tax-deductible.

That Ottawa isn't doing enough came across strong and clear from the 1,000 young
people interviewed for Lives on Hold: 1,000 Voices, a 12-page special section on
the youth job crisis that appeared in the Saturday Star last week.

Most of the young people said the federal government is doing little to help
them and few had even heard of Ottawa's job programs.

One-third of the people in the Star study have student loans. The average debt
is $ 13,000. More women, 192, than men, 133, have loans, but the debt load is
similar.

There are more than 600,000 jobless and underemployed people between 18 and 30
in Canada.

Prime Minister Jean Chretien and the provincial premiers and two territorial
leaders spent a half-hour on youth unemployment at their meeting yesterday.

The leaders announced afterwards that a four-point "agenda for action" will be
put into motion next year after federal and provincial labour ministers report
back to them by June.

"We have agreed on an action plan in four points that the labour market
ministers, at the federal and provincial levels, will be working together on,"
said Pierre Pettigrew, federal minister of human resources.

The four points:

* Increasing access to education.

* Helping Canada's youth adapt to the ever-changing labour market.

* Providing more job opportunities during the transition from school to work.

* Helping young people identify and overcome social and cultural barriers that
might be hindering their prospects.

Student activists who attended yesterday's closing press conference didn't take
the government's promises very seriously.

Saroj Bains, 19, confronted Chretien and asked him whether a job is a
"privilege"in Canada.

"We don't have here the Communist system of Russia 20 years ago when everybody
officially had a job," the Prime Minister said.

"No, that's not the way we are working in Canada. We have an economy that
creates jobs and some people are unemployed. And we're all working together to
create more jobs for the young people."

His reply caught Bains, a second-year Carleton University student, by surprise.

"I guess a job in Canada is a privilege for Canadian youth. That is what he was
saying and I was very surprised to hear that," she said.

"I guess you can't expect much else because there really hasn't been much job
creation. Job creation seems to be for the brightest of the bright and the ones
who already have access to the system . . . it's very disappointing and
disheartening."

Jennifer Story, 29, deputy chairperson of the Canadian Federation of Students,
said she "wasn't happy" with what the federal and provincial governments had to
offer young people.

"It's pretty empty," Story said. "It's a slightly more elaborate indication that
youth unemployment is an issue."

Ontario Premier Mike Harris said he was disappointed in Ottawa's response to
youth unemployment.

Harris has been pushing for elimination of employment insurance premiums for
employers who hire young people.

"They (the federal government) are not ready to do that," Harris told reporters
on his way out of the conference. "But we will still advance it."

Harris has said before that Ontario and its employers have been hardest hit by
the Ottawa's reluctance to further reduce employment insurance premiums.

What the premiers did do, Harris said, is agree that they won't argue whose
jurisdiction the youth unemployment issue is.

And all the premiers saw this as a good first step.

At least youth unemployment is now on the national agenda, said Saskatchewan
Premier Roy Romanow.

"This has been a very good day for Canada," Romanow said.

"Youth unemployment is twice the national rate and the most important thing is
that it's on the agenda. I think that is considerable," Romanow said.

Prince Edward Island Premier Pat Binns said no young person in the country
should be without a job.

"If we have to use community service work to help them reach that then that will
be part of the program.

"It's unacceptable to have people at home, unemployed and not contributing to
our community."

And an agreement on heavy student debt loads will be addressed by the provincial
finance ministers "as quickly as possible," said Manitoba Premier Gary Filmon.

The premiers dealt with the question of student debt with "some strong words . .
. indicating a commitment to action," Romanow added.


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              708 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

Nawaz reviews Youth Business Loan Scheme

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 797

LENGTH: 381  words


Prime Minister Mian Nawaz has directed authorities of National Bank to relax the
conditions for the Youth Business Loan Scheme in order to provide maximum
benefit and utilization of the scheme by youth.

These directives he issued on his visit of National Bank of Pakistan's
headquarters here on Saturday. Sindh Governor Dr Ishratul Ebad Khan, Federal
Minister Choudhary Nisar Ali Khan, Senator Pervez Rashid, Federal Defence
Minister Khawaja Asif and other officials accompanied the Prime Minister on his
visit of the national bank.

Chairman Board of Directors of the National Bank Muneer Kamal and Caretaker
president Asif Hasan briefed the PM about the youth scheme.

Prime Minister reviewed the project in the light of different feedbacks received
with government from different channels.

The PM gave approval of relaxing the standards of guarantors, according to which
a person having 150 percent more than the loan amount can become guarantor. In
other case, the government servant of grade 15 and above, who has not less than
eight years to his retirement can also become guarantor.

The PM also granted his assent to the rule which allows more than one guarantors
for the loan. In addition the condition of holding account in national bank only
has also been abolished and now the person applying for the loan can open
account in any bank of his choice.

Talking on the occasion Prime Minister said that the government aimed at
providing loan for the small and medical level business. He hoped that the loan
scheme would help the national economy progress with high speed. He said the
loan was for educated youth who can start any business of their choice.

Sharif said that loan can result in 2 percent increase of GDP, which will go up
from present 3.5 percent to 5.5 percent in future. PM directed bank authorities
to take notice of grievances and complaints of the people. He directed chairman
and caretaker president to directly oversee the scheme for positive results.

Earlier the PM was informed that 2.7 million forms have been issued so far while
the bank has received around 4 thousands applications. He was further apprised
that 89 percent of aspirants were male while 11 percent female youth.

He was told that 60 percent applications received were for agriculture related
business.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Youth Loan programme: PM Nawaz offers easy loans worth Rs3.7 billion

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday offered to provide easy loans worth Rs 3.7
billion to help empower the country's youth.

In the past, Premier Nawaz said, only influential businesspersons were eligible
for bank loans. Almost 70% of the country's population did not have access to
loans, he told the first balloting ceremony of the Business Youth Loan Scheme at
Islamabad's Convention Centre.

"It is the youth that will lead the nation by playing their role in
strengthening the economy," Nawaz said adding that young entrepreneurs would not
only be working in different sectors but would also help generate jobs for
others.

Around 38,000 applications, including 28,000 from Punjab, 600 from Islamabad
Capital Territory, 3,500 from Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, 100 from Gilgit-Baltistan,
1,000 from Balochistan, 500 from Azad Kashmir and 3,000 from Sindh have been
received under the youth loan programme, a statement released from the prime
minister's office stated.

Out of the total 6,127 were approved for balloting, of which 5,399 would be
given loans.

In his speech, Nawaz said that the applicants were selected on the basis of the
provincial quota. Some 100,000 loans are to be offered every year.

Speaking on the country's economy, he maintained that the country's GDP showed a
growth of five per cent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, 17
per cent increase in taxes while the industrial growth was recorded 6.6 per cent
until December 2013.

"Nothing was being done for the uplift of country in the past and that is why
the people have been suffering due to long hours of load-shedding," Nawaz said.
He added that resolving the energy crisis was the country's priority and since
the government has assumed power, loadshedding hours have been cut down.

He said there was still a shortfall of 7,000 MW and the government would not
only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000 MW of electricity.

The prime minister said work on Karachi-Lahore Motorway would soon commence
whereas Lahore-Multan, Sukkur-Multan and Sukkur-Hyderabad sections would be
completed.

The head of the Prime Minister's Business Youth Programme Maryam Nawaz on the
occasion said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory
have been selected through balloting while all the female applications from
Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and
Kashmir had been approved.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

JS Bank delegation calls on Chairperson PMYP

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 336

LENGTH: 199  words


JS Bank will offer subsidized loans at 6% mark-up rate to potential cab drivers
for buying cars to run their cab service business under Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme, in collaboration with CAREEM, an online cab booking
service.

According to a press release, issued here Monday, Chairperson Prime Minister's
Youth Programme Leila Khan Monday chaired a meeting on Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme here at Prime Minister's Office with a delegation from JS
Bank led by its President and CEO, Khalid      Imran.

During meeting, JS Bank apprised the Chairperson of their commitment to offer a
financing facility. The cabs under this scheme will be properly insured, and
fitted with tracker facility.

JS Bank, one of the leading SME financing banks with around Rs 11 Billion SME
portfolio, is processing loan applications under this scheme initially through
its 15 hub branches in 10 major cities across the country.

Leila Khan, Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme appreciated the efforts
of JS Bank in developing a viable banking product for creating more business and
employment opportunities for youth, using the platform of Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

JS Bank delegation calls on Chairperson PMYP

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 336

LENGTH: 198  words


JS Bank will offer subsidized loans at 6% mark-up rate to potential cab drivers
for buying cars to run their cab service business under Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme, in collaboration with CAREEM, an online cab booking
service.

According to a press release, issued here Monday, Chairperson Prime Minister's
Youth Programme Leila Khan Monday chaired a meeting on Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme here at Prime Minister's Office with a delegation from JS
Bank led by its President and CEO, Khalid Imran.

During meeting, JS Bank apprised the Chairperson of their commitment to offer a
financing facility. The cabs under this scheme will be properly insured, and
fitted with tracker facility.

JS Bank, one of the leading SME financing banks with around Rs 11 Billion SME
portfolio, is processing loan applications under this scheme initially through
its 15 hub branches in 10 major cities across the country.

Leila Khan, Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme appreciated the efforts
of JS Bank in developing a viable banking product for creating more business and
employment opportunities for youth, using the platform of Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

1,724 Youths Get Loans to Establish Own Businesses

BYLINE: Ruqayyah Yusuf Aliyu

LENGTH: 233 words

DATELINE: Kano


Owing to the need for job creation and empowerment of youths in the country, the
National Directorate of Employment (NDE) has disbursed resettlement equipment to
1,724 youths trained by the directorate in various skills across the country.

This was disclosed by the Director General of NDE, Malam Abubakar Mohammed while
delivering a keynote address during the occasion of disbursement of tools and
equipment to the trained youths in Kano, last Friday.

Mohammed, who spoke through the Director, Inspection of the directorate, Mr
Adejo Aye Jibrin said the loans were made to serve as "start up capital" for the
youths with a view of assisting them establish their own businesses and become
self reliant.

He said the idea of giving the loans was to avoid a situation whereby trained
youths are left unequipped to utilise the skills acquired during their various
training sessions, adding that the scheme, Basic National Open Apprenticeship
Scheme (B-NOAS) under which the loans were made available, was aimed at
equipping beneficiaries with marketable and functional skills aimed at
empowering them.

He further acknowledged efforts of the master trainers across all states of the
country, saying without their contributions, the scheme would have been
impossible while he urged the beneficiaries to ensure prompt payment of the
loans in other to pave way for others to benefit from similar gesture in future.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Youth Loan Scheme: a right step for economic progress

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 170  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif's "Youth Loan" scheme is a step for the national progress and
prosperity.

He urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively to run their own business
and stand on their feet.

He said that youth can start their own businesses in the different sector to
earn their livelihood honestly.

The government wanted to empower the youth so that they could contribute
effectively towards development of the country," he added, He said Rs100 billion
had been allocated for this programme during the current financial year. In the
first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through ballot. Youth
will have 8 years payback time with first year grace period for repayment.

He said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would be
given purely on merit.

Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that youth should make the scheme successful and
foil the propaganda against the PML-N government by participating in it.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Youth Loan Scheme: a right step for economic progress

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 170  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif's "Youth Loan" scheme is a step for the national progress and
prosperity.

He urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively to run their own business
and stand on their feet.

He said that youth can start their own businesses in the different sector to
earn their livelihood honestly.

The government wanted to empower the youth so that they could contribute
effectively towards development of the country," he added, He said Rs100 billion
had been allocated for this programme during the current financial year. In the
first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through ballot. Youth
will have 8 years payback time with first year grace period for repayment.

He said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would be
given purely on merit.

Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that youth should make the scheme successful and
foil the propaganda against the PML-N government by participating in it.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Youth Loan Scheme: a right step for economic progress

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 170  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif's "Youth Loan" scheme is a step for the national progress and
prosperity.

He urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively to run their own business
and stand on their feet.

He said that youth can start their own businesses in the different sector to
earn their livelihood honestly.

The government wanted to empower the youth so that they could contribute
effectively towards development of the country," he added, He said Rs100 billion
had been allocated for this programme during the current financial year. In the
first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through ballot. Youth
will have 8 years payback time with first year grace period for repayment.

He said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would be
given purely on merit.

Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that youth should make the scheme successful and
foil the propaganda against the PML-N government by participating in it.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Youth Loan Scheme: a right step for economic progress

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 170  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif's "Youth Loan" scheme is a step for the national progress and
prosperity.

He urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively to run their own business
and stand on their feet.

He said that youth can start their own businesses in the different sector to
earn their livelihood honestly.

The government wanted to empower the youth so that they could contribute
effectively towards development of the country," he added, He said Rs100 billion
had been allocated for this programme during the current financial year. In the
first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through ballot. Youth
will have 8 years payback time with first year grace period for repayment.

He said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would be
given purely on merit.

Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that youth should make the scheme successful and
foil the propaganda against the PML-N government by participating in it.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Youth Loan Scheme: a right step for economic progress

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 338

LENGTH: 170  words


Pakistan Muslim League-N leader Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif's "Youth Loan" scheme is a step for the national progress and
prosperity.

He urged the youth to take part in the scheme actively to run their own business
and stand on their feet.

He said that youth can start their own businesses in the different sector to
earn their livelihood honestly.

The government wanted to empower the youth so that they could contribute
effectively towards development of the country," he added, He said Rs100 billion
had been allocated for this programme during the current financial year. In the
first phase, 100,000 unemployed youth would be given loans through ballot. Youth
will have 8 years payback time with first year grace period for repayment.

He said that loans would be provided without political influence and it would be
given purely on merit.

Dr Tariq Fazal Chaudhry said that youth should make the scheme successful and
foil the propaganda against the PML-N government by participating in it.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 5, 2016 Monday

JS Bank delegation calls on Chairperson PMYP

LENGTH: 205 words

DATELINE: New York



 ISLAMABAD: JS Bank will offer subsidized loans at
 6% mark-up rate to potential cab drivers for buying cars to run
 their cab service business under Prime Minister's
 Youth Business Loan Scheme, in collaboration with CAREEM, an online
 cab booking service.


 According to a press release, issued here Monday, Chairperson Prime Minister's
Youth Programme Leila Khan Monday chaired a meeting on Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme here at Prime Minister's Office with a
 delegation from JS Bank led by its President and CEO, Khalid
 Imran.
       During meeting, JS Bank apprised the Chairperson of their
 commitment to offer a financing facility. The cabs under this scheme will be
properly insured, and fitted with tracker facility.
       JS Bank, one of the leading SME financing banks with around
 Rs 11 Billion SME portfolio, is processing loan applications under
 this scheme initially through its 15 hub branches in 10 major cities
 across the country.
        Leila Khan, Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme
 appreciated the efforts of JS Bank in developing a viable banking
 product for creating more business and employment opportunities for
 youth, using the platform of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan
 Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Nawaz unveils loan scheme for youth; PM angry over slow pace of work on Bhasha
Dam

SECTION: Vol. X No. 235

LENGTH: 673  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Friday expressed resentment over the slow process of
acquisition of land for the Diamer Bhasha Dam, saying the task was supposed to
be accomplished by December.

He directed the minister concerned to take up the issue with WAPDA to ensure
release of funds for the purpose. Nawaz was chairing a meeting of the
Gilgit-Baltistan Council. The minister informed the meeting that four teams have
been deputed to acquire the land and if funds are released on time, the
acquisition process could be completed within two months.

Prime Minister Nawaz said a number of education and health projects would be
started in Gilgit-Baltistan to bring the region at par with the developed areas
of the country. Separately, addressing the workers of Pakistan Muslim League-N
Gilgit chapter, the prime minister said the government would ensure provision of
basic amenities of life for the people of Gilgit-Baltistan at their doorsteps.
He announced construction of a cardiac hospital in Gilgit so that the people do
not have to travel long distances to seek medical help.

Prime Minister Nawaz also announced setting up of a special police force in
Gilgit that would be equipped with modern weapons. He said hiring in the special
force would strictly be on merit to ensure law and order in the area. The
government, he said, had last year provided Rs 8 billion to Gilgit-Baltistan for
development schemes and more funds would be made available.

The prime minister said Gilgit-Baltistan would witness a revolution in progress,
only if good governance was strictly ensured and the money spent was treated as
the trust of the nation. He said a number of new industries should be set up in
Gilgit-Baltistan, particularly for value addition in the fruit and vegetable
sector so that they could be exported to earn foreign exchange. Nawaz said that
under the PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme loans worth Rs 100 billion would be
provided to young men and women of Gilgit-Baltistan besides the people of Azad
Kashmir and Pakistan.

He said the youth of the area will be provided loans under the Youth Business
Loan Scheme that is being launched today (Saturday) to help them become
self-reliant and earn a respectable livelihood. Under the scheme, the youth
between 21-45 years of age will be provided loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to Rs
2 million. Eight percent of the mark-up will be covered by the loan recipient,
while the remaining 7 percent will be provided by the government.

The loan will be payable in eight years with first year as grace period. The
prime minister said work on a number of power generation schemes was underway
and added that simultaneous work on Dasu and Diamer Bhasha dams was going on at
a steady pace. Prime Minister Nawaz took an aerial view of the Attabad Lake and
the alignment of Greater Economic Corridor.

The Gilgit-Baltistan Council Friday adopted the Pakistan Protection Bill for
speedy trial of the criminals involved in the firing incidents in Chilas and
Nanga Parbat and other heinous crimes, including kidnapping for ransom and
sectarian killings. The Council also passed its budget worth Rs 826.602 million
besides 26 other bills on various subjects. This is the first visit of the prime
minister to Gilgit since he assumed office in June. It is also for the first
time that the prime minister, being the council's chairman, chaired its session
in the area.

Addressing the meeting, Nawaz lauded the arrest of 11 culprits, including the
mastermind. Gilgit-Baltistan chief secretary apprised the meeting that out of
total 18, seven culprits were being traced. Prime Minister Nawaz also
inaugurated the new terminal building of the Gilgit airport, which is designed
to handle more passengers. He was briefed about the new terminal building and he
visited different sections of the new terminal. The project, completed at a cost
of Rs 148 million, comprises new terminal building and basic facilities like a
separate lounge for women, conveyer belt, air-conditioners, fire detection
system and Internet facility.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Nawaz unveils loan scheme for youth; PM angry over slow pace of work on Bhasha
Dam

SECTION: Vol. X No. 235

LENGTH: 673  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Friday expressed resentment over the slow process of
acquisition of land for the Diamer Bhasha Dam, saying the task was supposed to
be accomplished by December.

He directed the minister concerned to take up the issue with WAPDA to ensure
release of funds for the purpose. Nawaz was chairing a meeting of the
Gilgit-Baltistan Council. The minister informed the meeting that four teams have
been deputed to acquire the land and if funds are released on time, the
acquisition process could be completed within two months.

Prime Minister Nawaz said a number of education and health projects would be
started in Gilgit-Baltistan to bring the region at par with the developed areas
of the country. Separately, addressing the workers of Pakistan Muslim League-N
Gilgit chapter, the prime minister said the government would ensure provision of
basic amenities of life for the people of Gilgit-Baltistan at their doorsteps.
He announced construction of a cardiac hospital in Gilgit so that the people do
not have to travel long distances to seek medical help.

Prime Minister Nawaz also announced setting up of a special police force in
Gilgit that would be equipped with modern weapons. He said hiring in the special
force would strictly be on merit to ensure law and order in the area. The
government, he said, had last year provided Rs 8 billion to Gilgit-Baltistan for
development schemes and more funds would be made available.

The prime minister said Gilgit-Baltistan would witness a revolution in progress,
only if good governance was strictly ensured and the money spent was treated as
the trust of the nation. He said a number of new industries should be set up in
Gilgit-Baltistan, particularly for value addition in the fruit and vegetable
sector so that they could be exported to earn foreign exchange. Nawaz said that
under the PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme loans worth Rs 100 billion would be
provided to young men and women of Gilgit-Baltistan besides the people of Azad
Kashmir and Pakistan.

He said the youth of the area will be provided loans under the Youth Business
Loan Scheme that is being launched today (Saturday) to help them become
self-reliant and earn a respectable livelihood. Under the scheme, the youth
between 21-45 years of age will be provided loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to Rs
2 million. Eight percent of the mark-up will be covered by the loan recipient,
while the remaining 7 percent will be provided by the government.

The loan will be payable in eight years with first year as grace period. The
prime minister said work on a number of power generation schemes was underway
and added that simultaneous work on Dasu and Diamer Bhasha dams was going on at
a steady pace. Prime Minister Nawaz took an aerial view of the Attabad Lake and
the alignment of Greater Economic Corridor.

The Gilgit-Baltistan Council Friday adopted the Pakistan Protection Bill for
speedy trial of the criminals involved in the firing incidents in Chilas and
Nanga Parbat and other heinous crimes, including kidnapping for ransom and
sectarian killings. The Council also passed its budget worth Rs 826.602 million
besides 26 other bills on various subjects. This is the first visit of the prime
minister to Gilgit since he assumed office in June. It is also for the first
time that the prime minister, being the council's chairman, chaired its session
in the area.

Addressing the meeting, Nawaz lauded the arrest of 11 culprits, including the
mastermind. Gilgit-Baltistan chief secretary apprised the meeting that out of
total 18, seven culprits were being traced. Prime Minister Nawaz also
inaugurated the new terminal building of the Gilgit airport, which is designed
to handle more passengers. He was briefed about the new terminal building and he
visited different sections of the new terminal. The project, completed at a cost
of Rs 148 million, comprises new terminal building and basic facilities like a
separate lounge for women, conveyer belt, air-conditioners, fire detection
system and Internet facility.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Chief Secretary chairs 19th governing body meeting of JKEDI

LENGTH: 690 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Aug. 25 -- The 19th meeting of the governing body of Jammu and Kashmir
Entrepreneurship Development Institute (JKEDI) was held here today under the
Chairmanship of Chief Secretary, B R Sharma.

The governing body reviewed the achievements of the institute in terms of
providing training to the youth of the State and supporting them financially
through various loan and credit linking schemes to enable them start their own
ventures. It also approved the proposal to constitute a Committee headed by
Commissioner Secretary, Industries and Commerce to prepare a vision document for
the institute for next 15 to 20 years.

Stressing on imparting relevant skills to the youth, the Chief Secretary called
for introducing new and modern courses in the various programmes organized by
JKEDI including the Vocational Training Programmes. He said JKEDI has a very
important role to play in transforming the infrastructure and human resource
available at the district level into vibrant institutes for skill transfer among
youth. He also emphasized on taking corrective measures to enable better
outcomes as far as financial assistance schemes are concerned.

Director JKEDI, Dr. M.I. Parray briefed the meeting about the progress and
performance of the Institute over the years in bringing about a positive shift
in the mindset of the youth to come forward and take up entrepreneurship as a
career option. He said from 2010-11 to 2015-16, the institute has been able to
facilitate the establishment of over 7200 units under the Seed Capital Fund
Scheme, Youth Start-up Loan Scheme and Term Loan Scheme.

He said during the financial years 2015-16, the institute has organized 674
Entrepreneurship Awareness Programmes (EAPs), 127 Entrepreneurship Development
Programmes (EDPs) and 7 Entrepreneurship Orientation Programmes (EOPs). He said
under Seed Capital Fund Scheme the institute has been able to facilitate the
establishment of 646 enterprises in 2015-16 and for 2016-17, a target of 1200
units has been fixed.

Under the Youth Start-up Loan Scheme, the Institute has facilitated the
establishment of 791 enterprises including 407 enterprises in 2015-16 and for
the year 2016-17, the institute proposes to cover 1000 units under the scheme.

Similarly, under Term Loan and Education Loan Schemes of NMDFC, the institute
facilitated the establishment of 968 enterprises. With regard to the Education
Loan, Director JKEDI said that the institute disbursed loan amount of Rs 1.94
Crore in favour of 47 candidates in 2015-16. He informed the governing body that
the Union Ministry of Minority Affairs has agreed in principle, to announce the
allocation to JKEDI under Term Loan Scheme of NMDFC from Rs 34 Crore to Rs 160
Crore for the current financial year. This arrangement will enable a minimum of
5000 entrepreneurs to avail soft loan during the current as well as the next
financial year.

He added that under Himayat Self-Employment Scheme, 3032 candidates have been
trained in 2015-16 and 2006 candidates have been linked to credit facility. He
said Union Government has set a new target of 6000 candidates for current and
next financial year, to be trained by the institute under Himayat with 60% of
them to be linked for credit facilitation.

Dr Parray further added that the institute organized 4 Vocational Training
Programmes (VTPs) of 6 months duration with an intake capacity of 30
participants. He said in the month of June, 2016, the institute started 2 VTPs
on 'Integrated Fashion Designing and Dress Making' for the female candidates at
Baramulla and Pulwama districts.

Other issues including restoration of damaged infrastructure at JKEDI Pampore,
establishment of JKEDI campus in Jammu, augmentation of training facilities at
JKEDI, Pampore, establishment of Centre for Trainings and Skill Development
(CTDS) and Incubation and Business Acceleration (CIBA) at JKEDI Campus, Pampore
etc were also discussed in the governing body meeting.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

Encroachers face action in Lakki Marwat

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 160

LENGTH: 391  words


The local administration on Monday launched an anti-encroachment campaign in
parts of Lakki city.

On the directives of deputy commissioner Zafar Ali Shah, assistant commissioner
Qayyum Nawaz and chief municipal officer Asmatullah Khan supervised the campaign
during which the structures illegally raised on government land, including shops
and houses, were pulled down in the Main Lorry Adda and on Old Kachery Road and
Speen Sarak with the help of heavy machinery.

The police and levy personnel accompanied the personnel of demolition squad, who
faced no resistance during the daylong exercise.

An official of the local administration said removal of encroachments would ease
traffic problems in the city.

He said the campaign would be extended to other parts of the city.

The official said encroachers should remove debris of their demolished
structures within 24 hours otherwise the administration would confiscate it.

He said encroachers and land grabbers would be dealt strictly.

The official said the administration was committed to removing the roadside
temporary and permanent encroachments.

He asked the people to remove illegal structures on their own to prevent
demolition by the administration.

PRIME MINISTER'S YOUTH LOAN SCHEME: The National Bank of Pakistan, Dera Ismail
Khan region senior vice president Mohammad Naeemullah Jan urged the youths to
take advantage of the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Scheme to make themselves and
their families financially strong.

He said this during the cheque distribution ceremony at the main NBP branch in
Lakki city on Monday.

NBP assistant vice president Najeebullah Khan, Lakki branch manger Mushtaq
Ahmad, chief head cashier Haji Hameedullah Khan and notables of the town were
also present on the occasion.

Mr Naeemullah said 78 applicants of DI Khan region received loans during the
first phase and over 50 would get loans in the second phase.

"By securing loans, youths could bring about an economic revolution in the
country," he said.

The NBP assistant vice president said the government had tasked his bank with
giving loans to youths under the prime minister's scheme and that the task had
been completed successfully.

He said the government had begun the loan scheme to provide youths with
opportunities to earn livelihood and play an effective role in the
socio-economic development of the country.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon-Media

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 342

LENGTH: 170  words


Prime Minster Youth Business Loan programme is the largest loan programme in the
country for the youth and there is no doubt in its clarity.

This was stated by Chief Coordinator Prime Minster Youth Business Loan Programme
MNA Marvi Memon while addressing opening ceremony of the programme at National
Bank and speaking to Media at the residence of former provincial minister Abdul
Ghafoor Lehri here Friday.

She told that this loan carries no interest and it would be given purely on
merit and Islamic banking.

Answering a question she said that this programme is confined to any province or
party but a package for youth all over Pakistan. She said loan applications
would be verified form State Bank, National Bank and other places. Default would
not be given loan in any case. Only those would get loan who would fulfil the
conditions.

She said the loan would be given on the guarantee not only of gazetted officer
but trustful loan influential personalities also. She said there will be no
corruption in the loan programme.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon-Media

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 342

LENGTH: 170  words


Prime Minster Youth Business Loan programme is the largest loan programme in the
country for the youth and there is no doubt in its clarity.

This was stated by Chief Coordinator Prime Minster Youth Business Loan Programme
MNA Marvi Memon while addressing opening ceremony of the programme at National
Bank and speaking to Media at the residence of former provincial minister Abdul
Ghafoor Lehri here Friday.

She told that this loan carries no interest and it would be given purely on
merit and Islamic banking.

Answering a question she said that this programme is confined to any province or
party but a package for youth all over Pakistan. She said loan applications
would be verified form State Bank, National Bank and other places. Default would
not be given loan in any case. Only those would get loan who would fulfil the
conditions.

She said the loan would be given on the guarantee not only of gazetted officer
but trustful loan influential personalities also. She said there will be no
corruption in the loan programme.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Marvi Memon-Media

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 342

LENGTH: 170  words


Prime Minster Youth Business Loan programme is the largest loan programme in the
country for the youth and there is no doubt in its clarity.

This was stated by Chief Coordinator Prime Minster Youth Business Loan Programme
MNA Marvi Memon while addressing opening ceremony of the programme at National
Bank and speaking to Media at the residence of former provincial minister Abdul
Ghafoor Lehri here Friday.

She told that this loan carries no interest and it would be given purely on
merit and Islamic banking.

Answering a question she said that this programme is confined to any province or
party but a package for youth all over Pakistan. She said loan applications
would be verified form State Bank, National Bank and other places. Default would
not be given loan in any case. Only those would get loan who would fulfil the
conditions.

She said the loan would be given on the guarantee not only of gazetted officer
but trustful loan influential personalities also. She said there will be no
corruption in the loan programme.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

PM's youth schemes a revolutionary step: business community

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 263

LENGTH: 472  words


Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has taken viably revolutionary steps
by introducing effective youth specific schemes, which will prove to be founding
stone for a new and brighter Pakistan.

The business community leader and Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI)
office-bearers expressed these views, while talking to reporter here Sunday. The
Prime Minister announced six vital schemes for the young people of the country
i.e. (a) Micro Interest-Free Loan; (b) Small Business Loan; (c) Youth Training
Scheme; (d) Youth Skill Development Scheme; (e) Higher Education Scheme for
Youth of Backward Areas; and (f) Prime Minister Scheme for Provision of Laptops
to the Youth.

Spelling out his reaction on the PM's Youth schemes, the LCCI President Farooq
Iftikhar said that all the schemes would bear tangible results for transforming
Pakistan into a self-reliant country, citing that every young man would now be
able to start his own business/work under Small Business Loan Scheme and
ultimately reducing the employment pressure from the public departments as well
as the private firms.

He said that on the job training of youth under Youth Training Scheme was
another step in the right direction, as would help enable the young graduates to
find a job easily in the country or abroad.

While, the LCCI Senior Vice President Irfan Iqbal Sheikh was of the view that 50
percent share for the educated/skilled but unemployed females in the Small
Business Loan Scheme would not only go a long way in the uplift of women but
also accelerate economic activity in the country. He mentioned that education
scheme for the youth of backward areas would bring the rural young lot in the
mainstream education system of Pakistan, besides eliminating a sense of
deprivation among them.

The Lahore Chamber's Vice President Mian Abuzar Shad was of the view that PML-N
had the credit of promoting information and new technology among the youth by
launching comprehensive schemes for provision of laptops to the educated young
people.

The laptop scheme for youth would result in availability of IT skilled manpower
in almost every sector of economy and life, and in today's world, the nations
achieve their goals, which were focused and adopting new technological
advancement, he observed.

The PIAF-Founders Alliance candidate for LCCI President in the upcoming
elections, Engineer Sohail Lashari also appreciated the Prime Minister's
initiatives for development and uplift of the youth. He said that all the six
schemes would not only help enable the young people to be self-employed but also
promote confidence among them for self-reliance.

Renowned businessman and former Chamber's SVP Mian Anjum Nisar has called for
ensuring transparency in the implementation process so that maximum number of
deserving/targeted youth should be benefited.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

PM's youth schemes a revolutionary step: business community

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 263

LENGTH: 472  words


Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has taken viably revolutionary steps
by introducing effective youth specific schemes, which will prove to be founding
stone for a new and brighter Pakistan.

The business community leader and Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI)
office-bearers expressed these views, while talking to reporter here Sunday. The
Prime Minister announced six vital schemes for the young people of the country
i.e. (a) Micro Interest-Free Loan; (b) Small Business Loan; (c) Youth Training
Scheme; (d) Youth Skill Development Scheme; (e) Higher Education Scheme for
Youth of Backward Areas; and (f) Prime Minister Scheme for Provision of Laptops
to the Youth.

Spelling out his reaction on the PM's Youth schemes, the LCCI President Farooq
Iftikhar said that all the schemes would bear tangible results for transforming
Pakistan into a self-reliant country, citing that every young man would now be
able to start his own business/work under Small Business Loan Scheme and
ultimately reducing the employment pressure from the public departments as well
as the private firms.

He said that on the job training of youth under Youth Training Scheme was
another step in the right direction, as would help enable the young graduates to
find a job easily in the country or abroad.

While, the LCCI Senior Vice President Irfan Iqbal Sheikh was of the view that 50
percent share for the educated/skilled but unemployed females in the Small
Business Loan Scheme would not only go a long way in the uplift of women but
also accelerate economic activity in the country. He mentioned that education
scheme for the youth of backward areas would bring the rural young lot in the
mainstream education system of Pakistan, besides eliminating a sense of
deprivation among them.

The Lahore Chamber's Vice President Mian Abuzar Shad was of the view that PML-N
had the credit of promoting information and new technology among the youth by
launching comprehensive schemes for provision of laptops to the educated young
people.

The laptop scheme for youth would result in availability of IT skilled manpower
in almost every sector of economy and life, and in today's world, the nations
achieve their goals, which were focused and adopting new technological
advancement, he observed.

The PIAF-Founders Alliance candidate for LCCI President in the upcoming
elections, Engineer Sohail Lashari also appreciated the Prime Minister's
initiatives for development and uplift of the youth. He said that all the six
schemes would not only help enable the young people to be self-employed but also
promote confidence among them for self-reliance.

Renowned businessman and former Chamber's SVP Mian Anjum Nisar has called for
ensuring transparency in the implementation process so that maximum number of
deserving/targeted youth should be benefited.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

PM's youth schemes a revolutionary step: business community

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 262

LENGTH: 469  words


Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has taken viably revolutionary steps
by introducing effective youth specific schemes which will prove to be founding
stone for a new and brighter Pakistan.

The business community leader and Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI)
office-bearers expressed these views, while talking to reporter here Saturday.
The Prime Minister announced six vital schemes for the young people of the
country i.e. (a) Micro Interest-Free Loan; (b) Small Business Loan; (c) Youth
Training Scheme; (d) Youth Skill Development Scheme; (e) Higher Education Scheme
for Youth of Backward Areas; and (f) Prime Minister Scheme for Provision of
Laptops to the Youth. Spelling out his reaction on the PM's Youth schemes, LCCI
President Farooq Iftikhar said all the schemes would bear tangible results for
transforming Pakistan into a self-reliant country, citing that every young man
would now be able to start his own business/work under Small Business Loan
Scheme and ultimately reducing the employment pressure from the public
departments as well as the private firms.

He said on the job training of youth under Youth Training Scheme was another
step in the right direction, as would help enable the young graduates to find a
job easily in the country or abroad.

While, LCCI Senior Vice President Irfan Iqbal Sheikh was of the view that 50
percent share for the educated/skilled but unemployed females in the Small
Business Loan Scheme would not only go a long way in the uplift of women but
also accelerate economic activity in the country. He mentioned that education
scheme for the youth of backward areas would bring the rural young lot in the
mainstream education system of Pakistan, besides eliminating a sense of
deprivation among them.

The Lahore Chamber's Vice President Mian Abuzar Shad was of the view that PML-N
had the credit of promoting information and new technology among the youth by
launching comprehensive schemes for provision of laptops to the educated young
people.

The laptop scheme for youth would result in availability of IT skilled manpower
in almost every sector of economy and life, and in today's world, the nations
achieve their goals, which were focused and adopting new technological
advancement, he observed.

The PIAF-Founders Alliance candidate for LCCI President in the upcoming
elections, Engineer Sohail Lashari also appreciated the Prime Minister's
initiatives for development and uplift of the youth. He said that all the six
schemes would not only help enable the young people to be self-employed but also
promote confidence among them for self-reliance.

Renowned businessman and former Chamber's SVP Mian Anjum Nisar has called for
ensuring transparency in the implementation process so that maximum number of
deserving/targeted youth should be benefited.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

PM's youth schemes a revolutionary step: business community

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 262

LENGTH: 469  words


Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has taken viably revolutionary steps
by introducing effective youth specific schemes which will prove to be founding
stone for a new and brighter Pakistan.

The business community leader and Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI)
office-bearers expressed these views, while talking to reporter here Saturday.
The Prime Minister announced six vital schemes for the young people of the
country i.e. (a) Micro Interest-Free Loan; (b) Small Business Loan; (c) Youth
Training Scheme; (d) Youth Skill Development Scheme; (e) Higher Education Scheme
for Youth of Backward Areas; and (f) Prime Minister Scheme for Provision of
Laptops to the Youth.

Spelling out his reaction on the PM's Youth schemes, LCCI President Farooq
Iftikhar said all the schemes would bear tangible results for transforming
Pakistan into a self-reliant country, citing that every young man would now be
able to start his own business/work under Small Business Loan Scheme and
ultimately reducing the employment pressure from the public departments as well
as the private firms.

He said on the job training of youth under Youth Training Scheme was another
step in the right direction, as would help enable the young graduates to find a
job easily in the country or abroad.

While, LCCI Senior Vice President Irfan Iqbal Sheikh was of the view that 50
percent share for the educated/skilled but unemployed females in the Small
Business Loan Scheme would not only go a long way in the uplift of women but
also accelerate economic activity in the country. He mentioned that education
scheme for the youth of backward areas would bring the rural young lot in the
mainstream education system of Pakistan, besides eliminating a sense of
deprivation among them.

The Lahore Chamber's Vice President Mian Abuzar Shad was of the view that PML-N
had the credit of promoting information and new technology among the youth by
launching comprehensive schemes for provision of laptops to the educated young
people.

The laptop scheme for youth would result in availability of IT skilled manpower
in almost every sector of economy and life, and in today's world, the nations
achieve their goals, which were focused and adopting new technological
advancement, he observed.

The PIAF-Founders Alliance candidate for LCCI President in the upcoming
elections, Engineer Sohail Lashari also appreciated the Prime Minister's
initiatives for development and uplift of the youth. He said that all the six
schemes would not only help enable the young people to be self-employed but also
promote confidence among them for self-reliance.

Renowned businessman and former Chamber's SVP Mian Anjum Nisar has called for
ensuring transparency in the implementation process so that maximum number of
deserving/targeted youth should be benefited.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

PM's youth schemes a revolutionary step: business community

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 262

LENGTH: 469  words


Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif has taken viably revolutionary steps
by introducing effective youth specific schemes which will prove to be founding
stone for a new and brighter Pakistan.

The business community leader and Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI)
office-bearers expressed these views, while talking to reporter here Saturday.
The Prime Minister announced six vital schemes for the young people of the
country i.e. (a) Micro Interest-Free Loan; (b) Small Business Loan; (c) Youth
Training Scheme; (d) Youth Skill Development Scheme; (e) Higher Education Scheme
for Youth of Backward Areas; and (f) Prime Minister Scheme for Provision of
Laptops to the Youth.

Spelling out his reaction on the PM's Youth schemes, LCCI President Farooq
Iftikhar said all the schemes would bear tangible results for transforming
Pakistan into a self-reliant country, citing that every young man would now be
able to start his own business/work under Small Business Loan Scheme and
ultimately reducing the employment pressure from the public departments as well
as the private firms.

He said on the job training of youth under Youth Training Scheme was another
step in the right direction, as would help enable the young graduates to find a
job easily in the country or abroad.

While, LCCI Senior Vice President Irfan Iqbal Sheikh was of the view that 50
percent share for the educated/skilled but unemployed females in the Small
Business Loan Scheme would not only go a long way in the uplift of women but
also accelerate economic activity in the country. He mentioned that education
scheme for the youth of backward areas would bring the rural young lot in the
mainstream education system of Pakistan, besides eliminating a sense of
deprivation among them.

The Lahore Chamber's Vice President Mian Abuzar Shad was of the view that PML-N
had the credit of promoting information and new technology among the youth by
launching comprehensive schemes for provision of laptops to the educated young
people.

The laptop scheme for youth would result in availability of IT skilled manpower
in almost every sector of economy and life, and in today's world, the nations
achieve their goals, which were focused and adopting new technological
advancement, he observed.

The PIAF-Founders Alliance candidate for LCCI President in the upcoming
elections, Engineer Sohail Lashari also appreciated the Prime Minister's
initiatives for development and uplift of the youth. He said that all the six
schemes would not only help enable the young people to be self-employed but also
promote confidence among them for self-reliance.

Renowned businessman and former Chamber's SVP Mian Anjum Nisar has called for
ensuring transparency in the implementation process so that maximum number of
deserving/targeted youth should be benefited.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Despite being cash-strapped: PML-N government planning to launch schemes worth
billions of rupees to woo youth

BYLINE:  AAMIR SAEED

SECTION: Vol. L No. 50

LENGTH: 673  words


A cash-strapped government of PML-N is planning to launch a host of schemes
worth billions of rupees, all aimed at benefiting youth, including provision of
interest-free micro-finance loans, laptops, skill development and fee
reimbursement. Maryam Nawaz Sharif, the chairperson of PM's Youth Programme, is
personally supervising all the schemes and guiding relevant officials to devise
cogent policies to ensure complete transparency in all the projects.

Giving details about each scheme, an official of the PM's Youth Programme told
Business Recorder on Wednesday that a PM's interest-free loan scheme is soon to
be launched. The scheme is aimed at helping the industry raise current access
level of 2.5 million people to 5.0 million over the next five years Under this
scheme, vulnerable rural and urban poor with a poverty score of up to 40 all
over Pakistan, preferably limited and un-served areas, would be covered for the
advances.

"Double dipping will be avoided at all cost to those who are recipients of loans
under BISP while 50 percent of the loans will go to women borrowers," the
official said. The focus will be on districts with no or low microfinance
network facilities. The scheme will not carry any mark-up.

The tenure of the loan would be up to three years and on average 250,000 loans
of Rs 25,000 will be given. An amount of Rs 3.5 billion has been earmarked for
the scheme for financial year 2013-14. The microfinance loan scheme would be
executed by Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund, through enlisted partner
organisations and community organisations with necessary expertise and
experience.

Another scheme is aimed at training educated youth through internship in private
and public sector offices. All graduates with 16 years of education from HEC
approved educational institutions, not more than 25 years of age (26 for
less-developed areas), will be eligible to apply under the scheme. "A monthly
stipend of Rs 10,000 will be granted to each student for 12 months to a total of
50,000 interns from across the country," the official said.

All leading private sector firms/bodies and development sector organisations,
federal, provincial and local government offices, including educational
institutions, will be offered services of the internees. To train the unemployed
youth, a skill development scheme is being launched for young men/women aged up
to 35 years with middle-level education.

On average fee support would be Rs 3,000 per month for six months along with a
stipend of Rs 2,000 per month. A total of 25,000 trainees will be imparted
training under the scheme and a total of Rs 800 million has been allocated in
the year 2013-14. Briefing about the fee reimbursement scheme, the official said
the scheme is aimed at encouraging pursuit of higher education by students from
less developed areas through financing of their tuition fees paid directly to
universities. All students registered in Masters and Ph.D programmes in an
HEC-approved public sector educational institution would be eligible to apply.
Students domiciled in interior Sindh, Southern Punjab (Divisions of Multan,
Bahawalpur and DG Khan), entire Balochistan, less developed areas of KP
(Malakand, Kohistan and D.I. Khan Areas), GB and FATA have been identified so
far for the geographical coverage of the scheme.

Average tuition fees under the scheme would be Rs 40,000 per annum per student
and 30,000 students would be accommodated under the scheme. Elaborating on the
laptop scheme, the official said the objective of the scheme is the provision of
laptops to brilliant students studying in public sector higher education
institutions on a merit basis. All students registered with HEC-approved
educational institutions will be eligible under the scheme; the
bifurcation/quota is as follows: All Ph D / M Phil / Masters students will be
eligible to get a laptop and 50 percent of the under-graduate students will be
entitled under the scheme while 5 percent of Associate Engineer/Diploma students
in polytechnics institutes will be entitled.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            November 29, 2015 Sunday

Rs.3.1 billion disbursed among 50,000 people under BISP: Marvi Memon

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 327

LENGTH: 379  words


State Minister and Chairperson Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP) Marvi
Memon has informed that over 50 thousand male and female persons of 290 Union
Councils of 44 districts have been benefitted with disbursement of interest free
loan of Rs. 3.1 billion under Prime Ministers Youth Loan Scheme.

Addressing the beneficiaries of the four Union Councils of Badin district here
on Friday, she said that Prime Minister Mian Mohammad Nawaz Sharif fully
committed to overcome the growing issue of unemployment and provide opportunity
to jobless youth to establish their own business by obtaining interest free loan
from the scheme.

The Prime Minister's Free Loan Scheme is an efforts of making the country
towards rapid path of progress and prosperity and involve the youth in nation
building, she said and added that these 50 thousand beneficiaries have
established different types of business and sharing their pool for the
improvement in socio economic condition of the country.

The Chairperson BISP Marvi Memon who also heard the problems of the women
beneficiaries said that all out efforts are being made to provide maximum
opportunity to women so that they could also be able to strive shoulder to
shoulder for the development of the country.

The women beneficiaries informed her that they started different types of
business and getting sufficient earning for their family members.

They thanked Prime Minister Mian Mohammad Nawaz Sharif for initiating such
scheme which were helping in improvement of their socio economic uplift.

Later the Chairperson BISP Marvi Memon visited the Village Chatoo Halepoto where
she inspected the business activities which started by the women beneficiaries
from interest free loan of the scheme.

One of the beneficiary Shaheeda Khatoon informed her that various male and
female of the village have improved their socio economic condition after getting
interest free loan from the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Scheme and now the
parents who were earlier unable to provide education to their children have
enrolled them in the schools.

The Chairperson BISP Marvi Memon on the occasion also bought a Chaddar from
Shaheeda Khatoon and hoped that her business which she started from the Prime
Minister's Youth Load Scheme will further be flourished.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 20, 2012 Saturday

More teens caught working for loan sharks;
Sharp jump in number of cases; many runners lured by easy money

BYLINE: joyce lim

SECTION: SINGAPORE

LENGTH: 601 words


FOR five months earlier this year, teenager "Charlene" worked from 3pm to 9pm
every day.

Her job? To deposit and withdraw money from ATMs.

The 18-year-old was paid $50 a day for this. The only problem was that the
transactions were illegal. She was working as a runner for an illegal
moneylender.

She was arrested in May and is now awaiting sentencing.

She is not the only teenager who has become entangled in the shady world of
illegal loan-sharking. Police statistics show that last year, 336 youths aged 19
and below were arrested for loan-sharking and harassment activities, a hefty
jump compared to 156 youths in 2010.

In 2009, 155 youths were caught and there were only 63 youths arrested in 2008.

In the first half of this year, 1,033 people were arrested for these activities,
of which 109 were aged 19 and below.

Criminal lawyer Josephus Tan, who has advised some of these teenage offenders,
said that in the past, runners tended to be gambling addicts and people with
debts, and they were also older.

"It is worrying to see such a sharp rise in cases involving youth, especially
when these youths are committing the offences just to earn quick pocket money,"
he said.

Cases that have been heard in court recently shed light on these young
offenders.

Many were lured by the easy money of working for a loan shark, the courts heard.

For instance, Charlene - who cannot be identified by her real name as she has
not been sentenced - earned about $6,000 in the five months she was involved in
loan-sharking.

She was introduced to it by a friend who was working as a runner. She had
dropped out of Secondary 1 after attending only three days of school.

She decided to be a runner

as she was jobless, and thought that the job was straightforward as it involved
just banking transactions.

"The loan shark would call me at 3pm sharp every day to instruct me on which
bank accounts he wanted me to withdraw money from and then deposit the money
into," she said.

On Oct 5, she was convicted of one charge of assisting an unlicensed
moneylender. Three more charges will be taken into consideration when she is
sentenced on Nov 5.

Under the Moneylenders Act, she can be fined between $30,000 and $300,000 and
face a jail term of up to four years.

The court has called for a probation report on her, which means she might not be
jailed.

A former loan shark told The Straits Times that the illegal moneylending world
is experiencing a shortage of runners.

"The tough laws have made it hard for loan sharks to recruit runners," he said,
pointing to how the Moneylenders Act relating to loan sharks was further
tightened in 2010.

Against this backdrop, teenagers are easy bait, and school dropouts and students
from lower educational streams are often targeted, he said.

"Young people are easily lured by the idea of easy money. They are also more
ignorant of the law and the stiff punishment when caught," said the former loan
shark.

Most are roped in to do ATM transactions and to harass debtors at their homes,
such as scribbling on their walls.

Lawyer Mr Tan, who is from Patrick Tan LLC, said that in the past one year
alone, he has given advice to more than 30 such cases at various legal clinics,
a big jump from previous years.

He said most of the teens are not aware that some of the activities that loan
sharks get them to do - such as banking money - are illegal.

Tackling the problem of teenagers in moneylending, he said, will require
education and awareness.

"I believe there are no bad dogs, only bad owners," he said.

"It is the duty of the adults to educate our future generation."

joycel@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

NBP, Hunar Foundation sign MoU for PMYBL Scheme

LENGTH: 1000 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 KARACHI: National Bank of Pakistan and Hunar Foundation Sign MoU for providing
business opportunities for less privileged youth of Pakistan through the PMYBL
Scheme:



 Mr. Mudassir H. Khan, SEVP/Group Chief CRBG, Mr. Irtiza Kazmi, EVP/Head of Cash
Management & PMYBL, Mr. Javed Hassan, CEO Hunar Foundation, Nageen Rizvi, VP/
Unit Head Marketing & Promotion and other senior executive also seen in the
picture.





 The MoU between National Bank of Pakistan and Hunar Foundation signed today for
the PM Youth Business Loan Scheme shows the shared commitment of both the
organizations to focus on promoting self-employment of the under privileged
youth.



 Through this collaboration, Hunar's trained alumni will have the opportunity to
acquire business loans for establishing or extending business enterprises,
thereby securing their and their families' future by becoming bread earners for
life. Simultaneously, this collaboration fortifies NBP's commitment to encourage
financial emancipation of un-employed youth in Pakistan thereby contributing
towards a sustainable economic growth of the country.







 National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with
Hunar Foundation with theobjective to offer its alumni with the PM Youth
Business Loan (PMYBL) Scheme that will serve as an innovative plan for the
socio-economic development of youth, in an attempt to combat soaring
unemployment in the country. The scheme is aimed at empowering youth and poor
segments of population to set up small businesses thus aiding them in securing
economic empowerment.



 Mr. Mudassir Khan, SEVP/Group Chief CRBG said that the creation of multiple job
opportunities signifies the strength and steadiness of overall economic
performance.



 A country's capacity to generate employment depends upon its available human,
technological and financialresources, combined withinstitutional strategies to
achieve sustained economic growth.



 NBP takes pride in leading the PMYBL Scheme andbeing a catalyst for employment
generation and poverty reduction.



 Mr. Irtiza Kazmi, EVP/Head of Cash Management & PMYBL Coordination stated that
Pakistan being the sixth most populous country in the world is faced with the
serious issue of unemployment.



 NBP's unrelenting efforts to develop the business opportunities for the
unemployed youth of Pakistan are the core component of the Bank's integrated
community strategy.



 PMYBL Scheme is being promoted by NBP with a two pronged strategy of multiple
employment generation and development of the hitherto neglected SME sector.
PMYBL Scheme focuses on sustainable growth and development of youth through
increasing productivity by supporting innovation and youth entrepreneurship.



 Nageen Rizvi, VP/ Unit Head Marketing & Promotion, added that 60% of Pakistani
population comprises of Youth. No Public or Private sector has the capacity to
create enough jobs to absorb the youth boom. With no opportunities the youth
succumb to other measures of income generation.



 PMYBL Scheme has been designed to empower the youth to create their own
employment and earn a respectable living. NBP being the Nation's Bank is
focusing on creation of more and better job opportunities for men and women
based on internal markets, and communities which are main source of fostering
productivity, entrepreneurship and demand driven skills.



 Speaking at the occasion Mr. Javed Hassan, CEO Hunar Foundation said &ldquo;The
vision of Hunar Foundation is to see a Skilled Pakistan. We take great pains to
provide technical training to young men and women from lesser privileged areas
of the country and have them certified by globally recognized accreditation like
City & Guilds, UK.







 Another aim is to make them well rounded individuals by teaching them Life
Skills, Basic English and Maths and preparing them for interviews. We appreciate
the initiativeof NBP in providing Hunar Foundation's Alumni loans to set up own
businesses, and I personally thank Mr. Mudassir Khan and his organization for
taking this initiative.&rdquo;



 National Bank of Pakistan's endeavor to uplift the economic condition of the
common man and create more jobs for the unemployed youth of the country has come
to fruition with their leading role in the Prime Minister Youth Business Loans
Scheme.  This is the 10th Corporate Alliance of NBP for PMYBL Scheme, as an
effort to reach out to the under privileged skilled labor and overcome the
challenges of under financed unemployed youth of Pakistan.



 This Scheme is being offered to Pakistani residents within the age group of
21-45 years at 6% mark up p.a., for a period of up to 8 years (including 1 year
grace period for Principal repayment) with no limitation on business sectors.



 Hunar Foundation was founded by a concerned and dedicated group of individuals.
Hunar Foundation is the only nationwide vocational training institute; it
currently has four campuses, one for women, and plans to expand to over 30 in
the next four years.



 The vision is &ldquo;to create a new cadre of skilled Pakistanis with
internationally recognized technical qualifications that will open a new world
of opportunities for employment and entrepreneurship&rdquo; or more simply put -
A Skilled Pakistan.



 The key objective of Hunar Foundation is to provide school leavers and other
young men and women from less privileged areas with international standard
vocational training that meets the expectations of the market, leading to
employment or small business creation - and eventually economic freedom and
empowerment.







 Hunar Foundation, which also has chapters in US and UK, is the pioneer in
bringing international certification in vocational skills to Pakistan by
introducing City & Guilds, UK. Achieving this certification allows young men &
women to also qualify for potential jobs abroad.



 Besides local donor agencies international donors like British Asian Trust and
AusAid have partnered with Hunar Foundation in its ambition to create a Skilled
Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

PM Nawaz announces six youth schemes in second address to nation

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 262

LENGTH: 521  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday announced the launch of six schemes
including easy business loans, laptops, education and training on modern lines
with an aim to enable the youth of the country to stand on their feet besides
helping to strengthen the economy.

In his second address to the nation, attired in traditional Shalwar Qameez and
Waistcoat, Nawaz Sharif said that the government was going to materialize its
program envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz manifesto.

He said the micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged
sections of the society and will benefit two hundred and fifty thousand people.
An allocation of 3.5 billion rupees has been made during the current financial
year.

The Small Business Loan Scheme has been designed for unemployed, especially
educated youth to enable them to start their own businesses. Under the scheme
loans ranging from five hundred thousand to two million rupees would be advanced
to youth at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and the remaining burden
of the mark up would be borne by the government. Fifty percent loans would be
given to women and initially these loans would be advanced by National Bank of
Pakistan and First Women Bank. Five billion rupees have been allocated for the
scheme.

The prime minister said under Youth Training Scheme those completing sixteen
year degree education from recognized institutions would be given practical
training to help them secure jobs at home or abroad.

For this on the job training, ten thousand rupees scholarship per month would be
given for one year and fifty thousand graduates would benefit from the scheme.
Four billion rupees have been earmarked for this scheme.

The Youth Skilled Development Scheme is being launched for boys and girls who
have passed 8th class. They will be given six months training in different
trades along with scholarship of five thousand rupees a month. The government
has earmarked eight hundred million rupees for the scheme.

Sharif also announced a scheme for sponsoring tuition fee of students belonging
to backward areas so that brilliant students are not deprived of their right to
education due to financial constraints. The government would pay at an average
forty thousand rupees annual fee on behalf of each of the thirty thousand
students for MA, M.Sc and higher level education. This scheme is being launched
at a cost of 1.2 billion rupees.

The prime minister said four billion rupees have been earmarked for Prime
Minister's scheme for Provision of Laptops. Under the scheme one hundred
thousand students would be provided laptops this year by the federal government.

He said the federal cabinet has already approved basic structure of these
schemes and arrangements have also been completed for their implementation. He
however invited suggestions from people to make these schemes more transparent
and hundred percent merit based.

Details of these schemes would be available on the website www.pmo.gov.pk from
Monday and people can give their comments on the website. Suggestions can also
be sent in writing to the Prime Minister's office.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 12, 2013 Thursday

Pakistan: Loan scheme for women being considered: Marvi

LENGTH: 164  words

DATELINE: DADU


DADU, Dec. 12 -- Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business

Loan Programme (PMYBLP) Marvi Memon has said the government is considering a
loan scheme for deserving women on the pattern of the youth loan scheme.

Talking to media persons here on Tuesday during a visit to National Bank

Dadu Branch, the PML-N leader said that a loan scheme for women would provide
them an opportunity to earn their livelihood and play a vibrant role in the
progress and prosperity of the country.

She said that the government has provided the youth an opportunity to

progress towards a bright future by providing them business loan facility.

Marvi Memon said that the youth of Sindh through the government's loan

scheme could build up their future and contribute in economic development of the
country

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Congress conspiring to divide India, says Smriti Irani

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: Badarpur


Badarpur, April 1 -- Accusing Congress of sidelining the sacrifices of Army
soldiers, Union Minister Smriti Irani on Wednesday said the party is plotting
plans to "divide India" to suit its political interest.


 "Congress in its political interest has set aside the sacrifices of Indian
youth and soldiers to stand with those on the other side," Irani said during an
election campaign rally here but refrained from naming the country she was
hinting at.
 Further assailing Congress, the Union HRD minister said, "Question arises as to
those who in their political interest are ready to divide India. Does the
Congress have the right to get your vote?
 "No. Then tell every Indian to press the lotus button on election day to make
our BJP victorious and brighten your future", Irani said.
 In a bid to wean the young vote bank in Assam, she said, "The youth of Assam
want to work but their biggest problem is that they are told to first keep money
on the table if they want a job.
 "If they have money, then would they go for jobs?", she asked.
 She said if the youths want to do business they need loans for which banks ask
them to keep their mother's jewellery, father's farm land or house as guarantee
against loans.
 "If they have all these things then would the youth go to the banks for loans?
," Irani said.
 For this reason, Prime Minister Narendra Modi started the 'Mudra Loan Yojana'
so that all youth of the country become self-reliant, go to banks and get loans
without keeping anything as collaterals, she said.
 "The Prime Minister ordered the banks to grant youths loans from Rs 50,000 to
Rs 10 lakh under the Yojana. Neither the Congress when it was at the Centre nor
in Assam made such a scheme", Irani said.
 The Union HRD minister hit the campaign trail by addressing poll meetings at
Katigora, Silchar and Karimganj as well.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Congress conspiring to divide India, says Smriti Irani

LENGTH: 336 words

DATELINE: Badarpur


Badarpur, March 31 -- Accusing Congress of sidelining the sacrifices of Army
soldiers, Union Minister Smriti Irani on Wednesday said the party is plotting
plans to "divide India" to suit its political interest.

"Congress in its political interest has set aside the sacrifices of Indian youth
and soldiers to stand with those on the other side," Irani said during an
election campaign rally here but refrained from naming the country she was
hinting at.

Further assailing Congress, the Union HRD minister said, "Question arises as to
those who in their political interest are ready to divide India. Does the
Congress have the right to get your vote?

"No. Then tell every Indian to press the lotus button on election day to make
our BJP victorious and brighten your future", Irani said.

In a bid to wean the young vote bank in Assam, she said, "The youth of Assam
want to work but their biggest problem is that they are told to first keep money
on the table if they want a job.

"If they have money, then would they go for jobs?", she asked.

She said if the youths want to do business they need loans for which banks ask
them to keep their mother's jewellery, father's farm land or house as guarantee
against loans.

"If they have all these things then would the youth go to the banks for loans?,"
Irani said.

For this reason, Prime Minister Narendra Modi started the 'Mudra Loan Yojana' so
that all youth of the country become self-reliant, go to banks and get loans
without keeping anything as collaterals, she said.

"The Prime Minister ordered the banks to grant youths loans from Rs 50,000 to Rs
10 lakh under the Yojana. Neither the Congress when it was at the Centre nor in
Assam made such a scheme", Irani said.

The Union HRD minister hit the campaign trail by addressing poll meetings at
Katigora, Silchar and Karimganj as well.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                           November 30, 2013 Saturday

SKEWPY an apolitical initiative to address unemployment: Omar

LENGTH: 934 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Nov. 30 -- Chief Minister, Omar Abdullah Friday said that his initiative
to address unemployment and seek welfare of youth is above all political
considerations and Sher-i-Kashmir Employment and Welfare Programme for Youth
(SKEWPY) is completely an apolitical measure of his government in this regard.

"Youth are our future and their nurturing should not be linked with any
consideration", he said and added that many politicians want to take political
advantage of problems confronting youth particularly unemployment by promising
them government jobs recklessly exploiting their feelings. He said some
political parties even promised two government jobs to every household despite
knowing that they cannot do it at all.

Addressing the entrepreneurship meet of budding entrepreneurs who have set up
their ventures in different fields taking advantage of SKEWPY and Youth Start-Up
Loan scheme initiated by the Omar Abdullah led government, the Chief Minister
said that answer to the unemployment crisis is not in providing government jobs
to youth but nurturing their talent and facilitating them financially and
technically to earn independent livelihood not only for them but for others.

Omar Abdullah said while his government is actively creating jobs for youth in
government departments and upgrading their employability to get absorbed in open
job market, the entrepreneur development is significantly important in this
regard. He said that no country in the world can address unemployment crisis by
providing government jobs to its all the unemployed. He said various initiatives
and effective measures are required to address this problem.

Equating budding entrepreneurs of Jammu and Kashmir State with Edmund Hillary
and Tenzing Norgay who first climbed Mount Everest and erected the flag there,
the Chief Minister said that youth who have launched their entrepreneurship
units under SKEWPY and have succeeded in their efforts are no less than the two
persons who first climbed Mount Everest and inspired others to follow. "You have
exhibited your courage, surpassed difficulties and achieved your goal. You are
brand ambassadors of the SKEWPY and others will follow you seeing your success",
he told them and assured his and his government's full backing to them for
further development and success.

The Chief Minister said that the Reserve Bank of India has categorically
directed the banks not to demand any collateral guarantee for any loan under Rs.
10 lakhs. "Banks have been forbidden to demand any guarantee for loans below Rs.
10 lakhs", he said asking the youth that if any Bank Manager asks them this kind
of guarantee they should inform him through JKEDI so that the said Bank Manager
will be made an example for indulging in this practice.

Omar Abdullah said that the age bar, qualification limit and the expansion
issues highlighted by the unit holders at the meeting would be viewed favourably
to strengthen the SKEWPY initiative getting popular among the youth day by day.
"When we started this scheme we kept its framework and procedures flexible so
that by learning with experience, it is further improved and upgraded. We will
definitely look into the issues of age, qualification and enhancement of
Start-Up loan besides allowing expansion of the units established under the
SKEWPY", he assured the youth.

The Chief Minister asked the unit holders to mail their genuine difficulties if
any to him directly through JKEDI so that he will personally look into their
problems and ensure their prompt redressal.

A young boy from Dachhan dedicated his success to Omar Abdullah narrating his
travel under SKEWPY to become an entrepreneur and a unit holder in the remote
and far-flung area of Dachhan.

Over a dozen youth from Dachhan Marwah to Ramnagar Udhampur to Suchatgarh R. S.
Pora to Jammu city narrated their success stories relating to their unit
launching and making them functional under SKEWPY and Youth Start-Up loan scheme
through the Directorate of Entrepreneurship Development.

They lauded the Chief Minister's efforts of handholding youth and personally
monitoring these schemes to ensure the success of budding entrepreneurs.

Minister for Finance, Abdul Rahim Rather in his speech also complemented the
young entrepreneurs and said that all required funds would be made available as
Seed Capital to the young boys and girls intending to run their own business
under SKEWPY and Youth Start-Up Loan scheme.

Rather said that while government is creating various jobs in different
departments for youth and some 40,000 jobs have been created recently, the
unemployment problem cannot be solved by this initiative but by encouraging
entrepreneurship development and industrialization in the State. He asked the
banks to make the release of advances easy for the youth and not to put them
under any difficulty in this regard

Minister for Planning and Development, Ajay Sadhotra highlighted the benefits of
SKEWPY and said that this dream project of Omar Abdullah offers great promises
to youth. He said SKEWPY and other youth welfare schemes are personally
monitored by the Chief Minister who besides reviewing the status and progress of
these schemes in the high level meetings regularly, interacts with the budding
entrepreneurs and unit holders both at Srinagar and Jammu to get feedback and
first hand appraisal of the schemes and the difficulties if any coming in their
way.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

Trained unemployed youths to get more loans to boost enterprenurship: Collectors

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: Gariaband


Gariaband, June 9 -- A meeting for better implementation of Mukhyamantri Kaushal
Vikas Yojana in the district was chaired by Collector Niranjan Das on Wednesday.

According to official information, officers from various leading banks including
bank managers, loan department heads, and vocational training provider (VTP)
officers also took part in the meeting.

A detailed discussion of various schemes offering loan was held.

During the meeting, Collector Das directed the officers to provide maximum loans
to trained unemployed youths in the district.

"For starting a business of own, trained youths are in need of funds. Through
different registered VTPs loans should be provided to such youth by banks under
various loan oriented schemes so that they may be able to start their own
business," the Collector said.

He also inquired about the loan oriented schemes to which lead bank manager and
loan department told him about such schemes being run by Distract Industry and
Commerce Centre, district entrepreneur cooperative corporation, Khadi Gram Udyog
Board, NULM and NRLM.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

PSIC advances Rs 50m loans to unemployed youth

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 71

LENGTH: 228  words


Punjab Small Industries Corporation (PSIC) in collaboration with NGO Akhuwat has
advanced rupees 50 million as loans to unemployed youth across the province. The
loans have been extended from a total of one billion rupees interest-free
micro-financing venture. Talking to various delegations of skilled and unskilled
youths in different villages at Kasur on Monday, Managing Director PSIC, Farhan
Aziz Khawaja, said that the Punjab chief minister had approved Rs 1,000 million
for extending interest-free loans to the most deserving people in the province.
3,000 poor families in Lahore, Multan, Rawalpindi, Faisalabad and Sargodha
divisions had been given an amount of Rs 50 million through cheques, he said.

The loans would help the youth to set up their own business to pass livelihood
with dignity. The unemployed skilled and unskilled youths of PVTC, TEVTA,
Sanatzar of Social Welfare Department and other recognised training institutions
of public and private sector were being accorded priority, he explained.

He said that all Regional Directors PSIC across the province had already been
directed to visit villages and identify people for disbursement of loans in
order to alleviate abject poverty. The MD said that in remaining divisions,
spade work was in full swing and efforts were being made to expedite the process
of grant of loans to poor segments of society.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

The youth factor

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. IV No. 80

LENGTH: 497  words


Beyond government's recently announced youth development projects; The incumbent
government has already taken some bold initiatives in economic and financial
sector, but going a step further it is now jumping into a totally different
ballgame: social uplift. For this it has just announced some schemes, six to be
precise, to help the youth of the country, mainly through affordable education,
soft loans and skill-based training.

As good and well-intentioned as the project sounds, it is in the implementation
of the project that the government has to be careful, for even a good project,
if not executed and managed properly, could go down the drain.

The government has announced a package of Rs20bn for the six projects that
include Micro Interest Free Loans Scheme, Small Business Loans Scheme, Youth
Training Scheme, Youth Skill Development Scheme, Fee Assistance Scheme and PM's
Scheme for Laptops Provision. While it might be too soon to criticise the
project itself, one can surely point out to the pitfalls that may tank the
project or at least cripple it.

Other than how it is executed and managed, there are two other things that need
to be addressed before the project is undertaken: one, the motive behind the
project; two, the objective of the project.

The former one has been explained by the prime minister in his statement that
the scheme is 'aimed at providing them [the youth] assistance mainly through
affordable education, soft loans and skill-based training', while the latter one
can be explained by his another statement: "I am sure that a self-reliant and
prosperous youth will prove as a vanguard in the nation's journey towards
national integrity, prosperity and sovereignty".

That is all well and good; however, is it possible that with youth being over
49.76 million or 58 percent of total voters aged 40 years or younger, the PML-N
government has decided to pit itself against Imran Khan's PTI in wooing the
youth, from a political perspective to use them as a card in future? If that
indeed is the case, the PML-N would lose in the long run. After all, politics is
all about higher goals but politicians are mostly not, they are mostly petty,
vindictive and self-centred.

Our youth is frustrated by a lack of job openings and higher unemployment rates.
Most of them still lack technical training to join industries productively.
Higher education is out of reach of many on account of being costly and the
banking system virtually guarantees that they have no chance of getting loans to
start their own businesses.

Though the new scheme may offer them some breathing room, the funds allocated
for it aren't enough to make a visible difference. And if the funds are
allocated and distributed in the conventional method of patronage, then the
project won't achieve any of its objectives.

These loans must be given fairly on merit by removing all political and
bureaucratic patronage from the process if the government is serious in making
the project something.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

Pakistan: PM Nawaz announces six youth schemes in second address to nation

LENGTH: 557 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 23 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Saturday announced the launch
of six schemes including easy business loans, laptops, education and training on
modern lines with an aim to enable the youth of the country to stand on their
feet besides helping to strengthen the economy.

In his second address to the nation, attired in traditional Shalwar Qameez and
Waistcoat, Nawaz Sharif said that the government was going to materialize its
program envisaged in the ruling Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz manifesto.

He said the micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged
sections of the society and will benefit two hundred and fifty thousand people.
An allocation of 3.5 billion rupees has been made during the current financial
year.

The Small Business Loan Scheme has been designed for unemployed? especially
educated youth to enable them to start their own businesses. Under the scheme
loans ranging from five hundred thousand to two million rupees would be advanced
to youth at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and the remaining burden
of the mark up would be borne by the government. Fifty percent loans would be
given to women and initially these loans would be advanced by National Bank of
Pakistan and First Women Bank. Five billion rupees have been allocated for the
scheme.

The prime minister said under Youth Training Scheme those completing sixteen
year degree education from recognized institutions would be given practical
training to help them secure jobs at home or abroad.

For this on the job training, ten thousand rupees scholarship per month would be
given for one year and fifty thousand graduates would benefit from the scheme.
Four billion rupees have been earmarked for this scheme.

The Youth Skilled Development Scheme is being launched for boys and girls who
have passed 8th class. They will be given six months training in different
trades along with scholarship of five thousand rupees a month. The government
has earmarked eight hundred million rupees for the scheme.

Sharif also announced a scheme for sponsoring tuition fee of students belonging
to backward areas so that brilliant students are not deprived of their right to
education due to financial constraints. The government would pay at an average
forty thousand rupees annual fee on behalf of each of the thirty thousand
students for MA? M.Sc and higher level education. This scheme is being launched
at a cost of 1.2 billion rupees.

The prime minister said four billion rupees have been earmarked for Prime
Minister's scheme for Provision of Laptops. Under the scheme one hundred
thousand students would be provided laptops this year by the federal government.

He said the federal cabinet has already approved basic structure of these
schemes and arrangements have also been completed for their implementation. He
however invited suggestions from people to make these schemes more transparent
and hundred percent merit based.

Details of these schemes would be available on the website www.pmo.gov.pk from
Monday and people can give their comments on the website. Suggestions can also
be sent in writing to the Prime Minister's office

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Six banks to work as executing partner with PMYBLS

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 311

LENGTH: 345  words


The six private banks would work as executing partner with Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) to help the needy people to start their own
business.

Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Programme, Ms Leila Khan chaired six (6)
separate meetings with representatives of Askari Bank, United Bank Limited, JS
Bank, Dubai Islamic Bank, ABL and MCB on Prime Minister Youth Business Loans
Scheme, said a press release.

Speaking at the occasion, Ms Leila Khan highlighted that Prime Ministers Youth
Business Loans Scheme is a significant initiative of the PML-N government for
the promotion of entrepreneurship culture in the country.

She welcomed on board the private banks as executing partners of the scheme, and
encouraged them to proactively pursue the potential borrowers through their
sales teams, so that more and more people could start their own businesses under
the scheme.

Askari Bank has started financing under Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans
Scheme through its credit hubs in Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Lahore and Karachi.

MCB has initiated this scheme from its 11 designated branches in major cities
across country; JS Bank and Dubai Islamic Bank have launched this scheme in 14
branches each all over Pakistan; ABL has rolled out the scheme from 17 branches
in major cities; whereas UBL is implementing this scheme through its branches
all over Pakistan.

The Chairperson underscored the need for all executing banks of the scheme to
enter into agreements with reputed business corporations to facilitate the
potential entrepreneurs in establishing new businesses using the platform of
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Scheme.

The participating banks of the scheme assured the Chairperson of their strong
commitment in executing the scheme in the best possible manner, for productively
engaging the youth in socio-economic development of the country.

Previously, HBL, Habib Metropolitan Bank, Bank Al-Habib, Summit Bank, Soneri
Bank, Meezan Bank, Albaraka Bank and Sindh Bank are executing this scheme in
addition to NBP, and First Women Bank Limited.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Country can progress tremendously by harnessing youth talent: PM

LENGTH: 289  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz
Sharif on  Friday said the country could achieve tremendous
development by  harnessing the youth's talent and energy, who
formed 60 percent of the population.


    Speaking at the launching ceremony of Youth Business Scheme
here at Hyderabad Club, he said the government had decided to empower
the youth economically by granting loans to help them launch
their own businesses.
 This would not only help improve the
socio-economic condition of the youth, but also directly benefit their family
members, and other stakeholders engaged in
different busniess activities, he added.
    A total of 40 applicants, including 18 women, whose
loan applications fulfilling codal formalities were accepted
also attended the function and replied to the queries of
Prime Minister.
    Nawaz Sharif said the government had launched the
scheme to improve the economic condition of the youth, who would
be given loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to Rs 2 million.
   The government realised that the country's educated
and uneducated youth  had no access to financial opportunities
for their economic empowerment.
 No development could be achieved without active participation of the youth, he
said and added the government had decided to make
the future builders financially strong.
   He said youth were the major contributors to the development of
any country and the government was determined to open vistas
for them,  who remained neglected so far.
   In the past, big loans, amounting upto Rs 20 billion
were being granted to individuals or groups, but the youth
were ignored, he said.
  The Prime Minister said the present government was determined to
  remove the sense of deprivation among the youth by supporting them.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 997 DOCUMENTS

            Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia) (Sydney, Australia)

                            April 27, 2005 Wednesday

'Council rent bill will hurt our club'

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: ELOISE KING

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 425 words


A YOUTH club used by dozens of schools and sports clubs is under threat after a
demand by Gosford council for rent of $30,000 a year.

The club, which operates from a council-owned building on council land, already
owes Gosford council a $1.1 million loan for refurbishing the premises, and is
appealing to the council to waive the loan in light of community demand for the
club's facilities.

The initial executive of the youth club borrowed the $1.1 million to get
established prior to opening in October 1999.

Council and the club's initial executive agreed the money would be replaced with
a bank loan once the club was up and running.

But the organisation is a non-profit operation, and the bank rejected its loan
application on the basis that its financial records showed it would struggle to
service the loan.

Now council wants its money, and is calling for a $30,000-a-year in rent, to be
placed in an account reserved for future capital works for the club.

Central Coast Youth Club's new manager Wayne Winiata has been lumbered with the
problem. While the club's profit-and-loss statements show an improvement in
recent years, he said its income was not enough to enable it to retain current
staff and services while paying the annual $30,000.

"I feel the youth club is doing a fantastic job and council should waive the
loan," Mr Winiata said. "It is a community facility."

About 25 clubs use the complex, along with high schools including St Josephs, St
Edwards, Gosford, Henry Kendall and Lisarow.

It can cater for as many as 80 people at a time.

Yesterday a group from Pittwater Vacation Camp arrived at the centre to take
part in an afternoon circus workshop.

"This is the first time we are actually using the centre, as it is way out of
our area, but if it's good we will come back," Camp supervisor Skye Manion said.

Gosford councillor Chris Holstein yesterday said that based on the initial
contract between the club and council, it was only fair for the money to be
repaid.

"The loan agreement was what they initially wanted to do," he said. "If we waive
this loan, does it mean that for every community group that wants support we
waive their loans as well?"

"The [$1.1 million in] extra funds council had derived and put towards the youth
club was in parting with the financial strategy, so other facilities miss out
because this club is not repaying it. It seems to be a reasonable and affordable
option and to have us waive it completely would just create a rod for council's
back."

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              747 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             April 4, 2009 Saturday

Loan helps agency serve at-risk youth with new East Liberty headquarters

BYLINE: Chris Togneri

LENGTH: 334 words


Three Rivers Youth, a nonprofit agency established 129 years ago in the North
Side to help runaway and homeless kids, celebrated the opening of its new
headquarters in East Liberty on Friday.

The move was made possible by a $1.35 million loan from Landmarks Community
Capital Corp., which provides credit to nonprofit and private developers in
Western Pennsylvania, Eastern Ohio and West Virginia.

"This is a landmark event for us in many ways," said Tara E. Beichner, director
of organization advancement and development for Three Rivers Youth. "This loan
has provided us an opportunity we otherwise would not have had."

Three Rivers Youth was founded by a North Side priest in 1880 after he
encountered a 4-year-old black girl walking alone in the rain. He took in the
orphaned girl.

Today, Three Rivers Youth is the "second-oldest organization in the country that
serves children of color," Beichner said.

The agency houses kids who have been removed from their homes by the courts in
five "therapeutic homes" where they receive educational opportunities and learn
life skills. Three Rivers Youth also runs in-home crisis intervention programs
for families.

Landmarks Community Capital President and CEO Howard B. Slaughter Jr. said the
loan was its largest ever. He said it is important to support such causes during
economic downturns.

"If you don't eat for a long time, you are going to die. Well, if you don't
support organizations like this, you will see an increase in negative issues
that affect your city and region. We don't want to see that happen."

The loan will help Three Rivers Youth renovate and purchase its headquarters at
6117 Broad St.

The move to East Liberty makes sense in part, Slaughter and Beichner said,
because many of the city's minorities live in the East End.

"These are tough times," said state Sen. Jim Ferlo, a Highland Park Democrat,
during the ribbon-cutting ceremony. "It's very important we don't turn our backs
on our most important asset, and that's young folks."

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday

Rs 50m loans to unemployed youths advanced: PSIC

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


    Punjab Small Industries Corporation (PSIC) in collaboration with NGO
Akhuwat has advanced Rs 50 million loans to unemployed youths across the
province.  The loans have been extended from a total of one billion rupees
interest-free micro-financing venture.   Managing Director PSIC, Farhan Aziz
Khawaja said on Friday that the Punjab Chief Minister had approved Rs 1,000
million for extending interest-free loans to deserving people in the province.
  Some 3,000 poor families in Lahore, Multan, Rawalpindi, Faislabad and
Sarghoda divisions had been given an amount of Rs 50 million through cheques,
he said.          The loans would help the youth to set up their own business
and live with dignity. The unemployed skilled and unskilled youths of PVTC,
TEVTA, Sanatzar of Social Welfare  Department and other recognised training
institutions of public and private sectors were being accorded priority, he
explained.  He said that all Regional Directors PSIC across the province had
already been directed to visit villages and identify people for disbursement of
 loans to alleviate abject poverty.  The MD said that in the remaining
divisions, spade work was in full swing and efforts were being made to expedite
 the process of grant of loans to poor segments of society.  Regional Director,
 Lahore Ali Raza Tarar said that special counters have been set up at all
district offices to facilitate skilled and unskilled youths for the grant of
loans thorough a one-window operation.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                           January 21, 2012 Saturday

PSIC advances Rs 50m loans to unemployed youth

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 21

LENGTH: 244  words


Punjab Small Industries Corporation (PSIC) in collaboration with NGO Akhuwat has
advanced Rs 50 million loans to unemployed youths across the province.

The loans have been extended from a total of one billion rupees interest-free
micro-financing venture.

Managing Director PSIC, Farhan Aziz Khawaja told on Friday that the Punjab Chief
Minister had approved Rs 1,000 million for extending interest-free loans to
deserving people in the province.

Some 3,000 poor families in Lahore, Multan, Rawalpindi, Faislabad and Sarghoda
divisions had been given an amount of Rs 50 million through cheques, he said.

The loans would help the youth to set up their own business and live with
dignity. The unemployed skilled and unskilled youths of PVTC, TEVTA, Sanatzar of
Social Welfare Department and other recognised training institutions of public
and private sectors were being accorded priority, he explained.

He said that all Regional Directors PSIC across the province had already been
directed to visit villages and identify people for disbursement of loans to
alleviate abject poverty.

The MD said that in the remaining divisions, spade work was in full swing and
efforts were being made to expedite the process of grant of loans to poor
segments of society.

Regional Director, Lahore Ali Raza Tarar said that special counters have been
set up at all district offices to facilitate skilled and unskilled youths for
the grant of loans thorough a one-window operation.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           January 21, 2010 Thursday

Seminar held to educate the youth about availing micro-finance facility

BYLINE:   Younis Chandio & Jani Khaskheli

SECTION: Vol. III No. 1415

LENGTH: 327  words


The Provincial Department of Youth Affairs in collaboration with the Sindh Small
and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) will provide necessary
training to youths to educate them about the process of obtaining loans through
micro financing and also to guide them about starting their own business.

This was informed by the Director Youth Affairs Sindh Khursheed Ali Shaikh while
addressing an awareness seminar on "Youth Entrepreneurship" here at Isra
University Hyderabad on Wednesday. He maintained that unemployment was one of
the major issues and the present government had initiated a number of schemes to
provide job opportunities in the public sectors as well as provide easy loans to
jobless youths to start their own businesses.

He said that the Sindh Provincial Department of Youth Affairs had been engaged
in providing facilities and the training programme was one of the efforts made
by the department in this regard. He said that thousands of graduates pass out
with Bachelor and Master Degrees every year from various higher learning
institutions of the province and they were anxious about their future.

However, he said, the government was creating job opportunities for the youth
not only in public sector but also in private sector organizations through
public-private partnerships. Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Secretary
Youth Affairs Department Saleem Ahmed Siddiqui said that prime objective of
organizing such seminars was to guide the youth about the proper procedure of
obtaining loans under micro financing schemes from the concerned banks.

Such seminars would help the youth in improving their business capabilities in
right direction and launch their own businesses successfully with limited
resources, he said. The Management Consultant of SMEDA Syed Babar Umer said that
SMEDA was engaged in providing technical assistance to youth for getting loans
from banks and other financial organizations of the country.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                August 27, 2013

CM gives cheques of Rs 25,000 to 2,100 students

BYLINE: OUR STAFF REPORTER BHOPAL

LENGTH: 914  words


Says dream big, we are there to help you

BHOPAL: Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan gave away cheques of Rs 25,000 to
2,100 meritorious students who have secured over 85% marks in higher secondary
examination to purchase laptops. He also distributed loan letter of acceptance
to 90 youths under Mukhyamantri uva Swarozgar ojana and other self- employment
schemes at a uva Sammelan at Lal Parade Ground on Monday.

The Sammelan, attended by 27,000 youths, was held to provide self- employment
facility and guidance. At the Sammelan, cheques were distributed under Rani
Durgawati Anusoochit Jati/ Janjati Swarozgar ojana, Mukhyamantri uva Swarozgar
ojana, Deendayal, Pradhan Mantri Rozgar Srijan Karyakram Mukhyamantri Pichhada
Varg Tatha Alpsankhyak Swarozgar ojana, Antyodaya Swarozgar ojana, Swarn Jayanti
Shehri Swarozgar ojana, Tantya Bhil Swarozgar ojana, Mukhyamantri Karigar ojna
and Kesh Shilpi Kalyan ojana.

At the event, facility of electures was launched with the assistance of Amrita
University, Coimbatore, under e- Vani Programme of Higher Education Department.
Addressing the Sammelan, Chauhan urged the youths to use their talents, skills
and energies in development of the state and country by laying network of
industries in villages of Madhya Pradesh.

Chahan re- iterated his resolve that no one in Madhya Pradesh will be allowed to
remain unemployed. Madhya Pradesh will be made number one state in development.
Chauhan urged them to start their own industries and businesses. They should
become engineercontractors. Youths will be provided loan through banks on
guarantee of Madhya Pradesh government.

He also urged youths to secure higher posts by achieving success in UPSC exams.
Madhya Pradesh government will give guarantee on loans taken by youths for
higher, technical education etc. Chauhan said that like students of government
schools, students of private schools will be provided Rs. 25 thousand each to
purchase laptops in September on securing 85 percent or above marks in class II
exam. Commerce & Industries Minister Kailash Vijayvargiya, Water Resources and
Finance Minister Jayant Malaiya, School Education Minister Archana Chitnis and
SC, ST Welfare Minister Kunwar Vijay Shah were specially present on the
occasion.

Chauhan said there was no work in the world that youths cannot do. Dreams of
martyrs and revolutionaries can be fulfilled by youths only. ouths have capacity
to become big industrialists. They should become employers and not job- seekers.
ouths should dream big and live for country and society. They should remember
that their lives are for country and society. He said that no hindrance will be
allowed in youths' education.

State Government has chalked out a number of schemes to ensure youths' bright
future. State Government will give guarantee for loan under Higher Education
Loan Scheme. Mukhyamantri uva Swarozgar ojana has been chalked out for youths
under which upto Rs. 25 lakh loan will be provided to set up industries.

Besides, 5 percent loan subsidy will also be provided for 5 years. This year, 50
thousand youths will be benefited under the scheme. Chief Minister released a
booklet on successful entrepreneurs under Self- Employment Scheme by CEDMAP. He
distributed cheques to beneficiaries of Mukhyamantri uva Swarozgar ojana. He
distributed cheques of Rs. Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan addresses a uva-
Sammelan at Lal Parade Ground on Monday.

25 thousand each to talented students to purchase laptops of their choice. The
Chief Minister released a booklet on e- Lecture Programme prepared by Technical
Education Department. On the occasion, a film on uva Swarozgar ojana was also
screened.

NO TRAFFIC GRIDLOCK IN CITY

Yuva Sammelan organised by the BJP at Lal Parade Ground on Monday did not cause
traffic jam in the city. Earlier, such huge gatherings held at Lal Parade Ground
led traffic gridlock causing harassment to the people. This time, traffic police
had diverted the traffic through different routes. ouths from different parts of
the state came to the city by buses which were parked at various places like
Jail premises, MVM ground, MLA guest house, road side of Raj Bhavan and TT Nagar
( in front of Palash Hotel). Thousands of people attended the programme and by
the noon they started leaving the city. All the directions of the city like
Hoshangabad Road, Indore Road and Raisen Road witnessed heavy traffic pressure.
Munna Singh of Sehore said, " I came here with 20 friends to attend the uva
Sammelan. We enjoyed and now we are leaving by bus. It is good that the state
government is taking our problems seriously. " Rajesh Sahu, who had come from
Sidhi, said, " The state government should ensure that the youths get
employment."

Students visit CM's residence

Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan invited all the meritorious students to his
residence when they queued up to shake hands with him after felicitation at Yuva
Sammelan. Chauhan could not shake hand with all of them as there was heavy rush.
So, he invited all the the students to his residence. Later, the students
visited his residence and talked to him.

Bring us back to power: Vijayvargiya

Industry and commerce minister Kailash Vijayvergiya, the architect of uva
Sammelan, held at Lal Parade Ground on Monday, openly appealed to the youths to
extend support to the BJP for formation of its government third time in Madhya
Pradesh. Vijayvergiya said the government did a lot for youths and now there
will be their turn in next elections.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                               September 24, 1996

189 youths get aid to start business

BYLINE: By Jeffrey Ramayah

SECTION: National; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 314 words

DATELINE: Kuala Lumpur


KUALA LUMPUR, Mon. - A total of RM4.1 million in loans have been given out
under the Youth Economic Fund to 189 youths so far this year to venture
into business.

Youth and Sports Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Mohd Yassin said they were
among 352 youths who had applied for loans from the Fund set up to assist
youths to venture into viable businesses.

He said since the establishment of the Fund in 1988 a total of RM27
million had been given out with this year's amount being the largest.

He said of the 352 applicants, 87 were rejected while 76 were being
considered. The highest amount given out to an applicant was RM50,000.

Muhyiddin who was briefed by ministry officers on the performance of the
Fund, said another 155 applications were received last week and were being
processed.

He said under the Fund successful applicants only had to pay a two per
cent service charge per year.

He said some of the applications were considered dubious as they did not
state the proposed nature of business.

He said the ministry had decided that those who repaid their loans late
would be fined.

"On the other hand, we have decided that we can consider rebates for
those who pay much earlier than the repayment schedule," he said, adding
the number of defaulters was small.

He said since last year the ministry had organised briefings for more
than 8,000 youths throughout the country to inform them of the Fund and
how they could benefit from it by venturing into business.

Muhyiddin said the ministry also planned to computerise the loans
processing to enable approvals to be made much faster.

He said youths between the ages of 18 and 40 were eligible to apply for
the loans.

Also present at the briefing was the ministry's Secretary-General Ahmad
Bakri Sabdin and the director of the Economic Development branch of the
ministry, Omar Mansor.


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1996 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              753 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

First ballot of Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Programme held

SECTION: Vol. L No. 59

LENGTH: 565  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday said that the PML-N government was
committed to empower youth by providing them Rs 3.7 billion easy loans, as it
would not only help the country but also strengthen national economy. Speaking
at the first balloting ceremony of PM Youth Business Loan Programme here, the
Prime Minister said that in the past upto 70 percent of youth population had no
access to loans, as only the influential businessmen were eligible to get loans
from banks.

He said the youth would lead the nation as in the developed countries 80 percent
youth were playing their role in strengthening the economy. He said that these
youth would come forward by starting their own businesses in various sectors
which would not only benefit them but they would also be in a position to
provide jobs to other persons.

The Prime Minister recalled that he had not raised the slogan to change destiny
of the nation just for getting votes, but it was the commitment to provide jobs
to people and make them respectable citizens who could contribute to the
economic development of the country. He said around 36,000 applications
including 2800 from Punjab, 600 from Islamabad Capital Territory, 3500 from KP,
100 from Gilgit-Baltistan, 1000 from Balochistan and 3000 from Sindh were
received.

He said that out of these applications 6000 were selected for balloting, of
which 5399 would be given loans. He said the applicants were selected according
to the provincial quota and said the target for 2014 is 1,00,000 applicants. The
Prime Minister said that the successful candidates would be informed through
SMS.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said that country's GDP showed a growth of five
percent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, while tax
collections increased by 17 percent and industrial growth recorded at 6.6
percent till December 2013. Sharif further stated that the government had to
take some tough decisions in the beginning, but these were for the benefit of
the country.

The Prime Minister said that nothing was done for the uplift of the country in
the past and that was why the people were suffering from long loadshedding. He
said that it was top priority of the government to reduce energy crisis, adding
the present government after coming into power, reduced the loadshedding
duration through better management and would further reduce it through best
policy.

He said that there was still a shortfall of 7000 MW in demand and supply and the
government would not only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000 MW
of electricity. The Prime Minister said work on Karachi-Lahore Motorway would be
started very soon where Lahore-Multan, Sukkur-Multan and Sukkur-Hyderabad
sections would be completed.

Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Business Programme Maryam Nawaz on the occasion
said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory have
been selected through balloting while all the female applications from Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir had
been approved. Later, the Prime Minister performed electronic balloting of the
applications for award of loans. Speaking on the occasion, Finance Minister
Ishaq Dar said that the Prime Minister was taking personal interest in the
Scheme. "The loan scheme is the fulfilment of the promise made by the party
during election campaign," he added.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

First ballot of Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Programme held

SECTION: Vol. L No. 59

LENGTH: 565  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Friday said that the PML-N government was
committed to empower youth by providing them Rs 3.7 billion easy loans, as it
would not only help the country but also strengthen national economy. Speaking
at the first balloting ceremony of PM Youth Business Loan Programme here, the
Prime Minister said that in the past upto 70 percent of youth population had no
access to loans, as only the influential businessmen were eligible to get loans
from banks.

He said the youth would lead the nation as in the developed countries 80 percent
youth were playing their role in strengthening the economy. He said that these
youth would come forward by starting their own businesses in various sectors
which would not only benefit them but they would also be in a position to
provide jobs to other persons.

The Prime Minister recalled that he had not raised the slogan to change destiny
of the nation just for getting votes, but it was the commitment to provide jobs
to people and make them respectable citizens who could contribute to the
economic development of the country. He said around 36,000 applications
including 2800 from Punjab, 600 from Islamabad Capital Territory, 3500 from KP,
100 from Gilgit-Baltistan, 1000 from Balochistan and 3000 from Sindh were
received.

He said that out of these applications 6000 were selected for balloting, of
which 5399 would be given loans. He said the applicants were selected according
to the provincial quota and said the target for 2014 is 1,00,000 applicants. The
Prime Minister said that the successful candidates would be informed through
SMS.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said that country's GDP showed a growth of five
percent during the first quarter of the current fiscal year, while tax
collections increased by 17 percent and industrial growth recorded at 6.6
percent till December 2013. Sharif further stated that the government had to
take some tough decisions in the beginning, but these were for the benefit of
the country.

The Prime Minister said that nothing was done for the uplift of the country in
the past and that was why the people were suffering from long loadshedding. He
said that it was top priority of the government to reduce energy crisis, adding
the present government after coming into power, reduced the loadshedding
duration through better management and would further reduce it through best
policy.

He said that there was still a shortfall of 7000 MW in demand and supply and the
government would not only reduce this gap but would produce 20,000 to 25,000 MW
of electricity. The Prime Minister said work on Karachi-Lahore Motorway would be
started very soon where Lahore-Multan, Sukkur-Multan and Sukkur-Hyderabad
sections would be completed.

Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Business Programme Maryam Nawaz on the occasion
said that female applicants from Punjab and Islamabad Capital Territory have
been selected through balloting while all the female applications from Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa, Sindh, Balochistan, Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu and Kashmir had
been approved. Later, the Prime Minister performed electronic balloting of the
applications for award of loans. Speaking on the occasion, Finance Minister
Ishaq Dar said that the Prime Minister was taking personal interest in the
Scheme. "The loan scheme is the fulfilment of the promise made by the party
during election campaign," he added.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday World (South Africa)

                                  May 5, 2013

Bogus recruiters scam jobless youth and leave them with mountain of debt in bank
loans

BYLINE: Mzwandile Kabizokwakhe

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 195 words


Once money is in a victim's account, it is transferred'
 IT WAS an elaborate scam.
 A recruiter finds unemployed young people desperate for jobs.


 He takes their identity documents then gets them piece- meal jobs with a
fraudulent company that is specifically set up for the scam.
 While they are "working", the scammers get massive loans in their names.
 The company then disappears and the youth are left with bank loans they did not
apply for.
 In one instance, one of the victims was left with a R72000 loan with one of the
big banks in Randburg.
  "Once the money is in the victim's account, it is transferred into other bank
accounts," said a police officer close to the investigations.
 Sunday World understands that as many as 80 youths were "recruited" from
Bekkersdal, on the West Rand, but police have confirmed 19 cases.
 Though the alleged business and the youth are from the Westonaria police
district, the case was transferred to Randburg because the loans were applied
for there.
 Lieutenant-Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said: "A case of fraud is being investigated
in Randburg and 19 victims are being interviewed. No one has been arrested yet."

 oor Twitter @mzwaik

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sunday World


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday World (South Africa)

                                  May 5, 2013

Bogus recruiters scam jobless youth and leave them with mountain of debt in bank
loans

BYLINE: Mzwandile Kabizokwakhe

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 195 words


Once money is in a victim's account, it is transferred'
 IT WAS an elaborate scam.
 A recruiter finds unemployed young people desperate for jobs.


 He takes their identity documents then gets them piece- meal jobs with a
fraudulent company that is specifically set up for the scam.
 While they are "working", the scammers get massive loans in their names.
 The company then disappears and the youth are left with bank loans they did not
apply for.
 In one instance, one of the victims was left with a R72000 loan with one of the
big banks in Randburg.
  "Once the money is in the victim's account, it is transferred into other bank
accounts," said a police officer close to the investigations.
 Sunday World understands that as many as 80 youths were "recruited" from
Bekkersdal, on the West Rand, but police have confirmed 19 cases.
 Though the alleged business and the youth are from the Westonaria police
district, the case was transferred to Randburg because the loans were applied
for there.
 Lieutenant-Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said: "A case of fraud is being investigated
in Randburg and 19 victims are being interviewed. No one has been arrested yet."

 oor Twitter @mzwaik

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sunday World


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday World (South Africa)

                                  May 5, 2013

Bogus recruiters scam jobless youth and leave them with mountain of debt in bank
loans

BYLINE: Mzwandile Kabizokwakhe

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 195 words


Once money is in a victim's account, it is transferred'
 IT WAS an elaborate scam.
 A recruiter finds unemployed young people desperate for jobs.


 He takes their identity documents then gets them piece- meal jobs with a
fraudulent company that is specifically set up for the scam.
 While they are "working", the scammers get massive loans in their names.
 The company then disappears and the youth are left with bank loans they did not
apply for.
 In one instance, one of the victims was left with a R72000 loan with one of the
big banks in Randburg.
  "Once the money is in the victim's account, it is transferred into other bank
accounts," said a police officer close to the investigations.
 Sunday World understands that as many as 80 youths were "recruited" from
Bekkersdal, on the West Rand, but police have confirmed 19 cases.
 Though the alleged business and the youth are from the Westonaria police
district, the case was transferred to Randburg because the loans were applied
for there.
 Lieutenant-Colonel Lungelo Dlamini said: "A case of fraud is being investigated
in Randburg and 19 victims are being interviewed. No one has been arrested yet."

 oor Twitter @mzwaik

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sunday World


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Over Rs 3.85 bln disbursed among youth under PMYBLS

LENGTH: 663  words


Over Rs 3.85 billion have so far been disbursed among the unemployed youth under
the Prime Ministers Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS), said a report giving
details of loans issued from September 21 to Feb 17, 2015.

According to the report, National Bank of Pakistan would start an awareness
campaign about youth loan scheme for better public outreach.

Sindh Bank has already started the loan scheme with an initial capital of Rs 100
million.

Habib Bank,Habib Metropolitan Bank have allocated an initial capital of Rs 2
billion each for the scheme.

Muslim Commercial Bank has also communicated its consent to launch the scheme
very soon after getting the approval of its business proposal by SBP.

Meezan Bank and United Banks were in the active contact to launch the scheme in
First Quarter of 2015.

A total of 15,101 applications have been approved out of a total of 59,702
received so far under the scheme.

A sum of Rs 11.03 billion has been allocated for onward disbursement among the
unemployed youth under the scheme.

As many as 36,254 applications have been rejected due to various reasons. While
10,442 applicants have already been selected through balloting  and 8,447
applications were in process.

The report says it has been proposed to select successful applicants by
balloting to avoid delay in loan disbursement to the applicants.

Likewise, the total budget of Prime Ministers Interest Free Loan Scheme is Rs
3.5 billion out of which Rs 1.75 billion has so far been released.

A total of 24,544 applications including 11,684 of male and 12,860 offemale have
so far been received for getting Prime Ministers Interest Free Loan Scheme
(PMIFLS). Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF) plans to expedite loan
disbursement process and also launching a media campaign to enhance
awareness.PPAF would send regular weekly updates on implementation of the
scheme.

As many as 19,451 applications including 8,380 male and 11,071 of female have
been approved. While the loans disbursement of 17,588 applicants including 7,678
male and 9,910 female have so far been disbursed.

A sum of 369.6 million have so far been disbursed among the successful
applicants including Rs 158.7 million among male and Rs 210.9 million have also
been disbursed among the successful applicants.

As per details of Prime Ministers Youth Skill Development Programme, the report
says almost 22,000 students have graduated in the first phase of the program.

NAVTTC has launched Rs 85 million training program in IT sector targeting 3,000
students. The amount has been saved out of Rs 800 million allocated for  the
first phase of the program under a contract with the IT firms. IT firms  would
absorb 30 percent of the total students being trained under the program.

In second phase of the project graduates of seminaries having matric equivalent
certificate/ diploma would be eligible for submitting applications. The students
would be paid through branchless banking systems. During the training presence
of students would be ensured through biometrics system in collaboration with
National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA).

Likewise, the Higher Education Commission (HEC) has distributed 32,000 laptops
to PhD, MPhil/MS students of across country students. HEC has established local
laptop assembly plant with the help of Haier which awaits formal inauguration by
the PM.

HEC would provide paid six months internship worth Rs 10,000 to 30 students from
across country universities.

HEC has reimbursed fee of almost 50,000 students of 78 universities including
sub campuses and 33 colleges in the first phase (2013-14) under Prime Ministers
Fee Reimbursement Scheme For Less Developed Areas.

Rs 1.2 billion had been allocated in financial year 2013-14 for interior Sindh,
South Punjab including Multan, Bahawalpur, Dera Ghazi Khan Divisions, Leyyah,
Mianwali, Bhakkar, Khushab, Attock, Baluchistan and underdeveloped areas of
Khyber Pakhtunkwa (Malakand, Kohistan and DI Khan), Gilgit-Biltistan and FATA.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

PM directs for softening up conditions for guarantors under youth business loan
scheme

LENGTH: 448  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Saturday reviewed the progress on youth
business loan scheme in a meeting held here at the NBP Headquarters and gave
directions to soften up conditions for guarantors of loans so that maximum
number of youth could benefit from the scheme.

He also emphasized that all barriers should be removed to ensure easy and smooth
processing of applications for loans and their disbursement.

The Prime Minister was given a detailed briefing on the scheme with special
emphasis on the receipt of applications and their scrutiny.

He directed that the implementation of the scheme rules should be in a manner
that it facilitates the applicants. He directed the President NBP to personally
supervise the scheme.

The issue of the guarantors was discussed in detail during the meeting.

The Prime Minister was informed that in order to facilitate the applicants,
three categories of guarantors have been identified: firstly a Grade-15 or above
Government Officer, secondly any civilian person having an amount of net worth
of 1.5 times the amount of loan applied for and thirdly if a person has a
running business and wants to expand it, he can be his own guarantor if he has
net worth of 1.5 times the loan amount in National Bank or any other bank from
where the loan is disbursed.

The Prime Minister approved the additional category of combined guarantors i.e.
a single applicant would now be able to provide combined guarantee of more than
one guarantor for his loan.

The Prime Minister said that banks should facilitate the applicants and the
service delivery mechanism should be improved based upon the valuable
suggestions / feedback received from the public, adding, the standard of
services for these applicants should be the same as given to the commercial
borrowers.

He advised the bank officers working on the loan scheme to consider it as
service to the nation.

The Prime Minister emphasized upon merit and transparency in the scheme so that
only the deserving and genuine persons could get the loan.

He said that the Government wants to provide various opportunities to the youth
including skilled education, trainings, employment and scholarships so that they
could contribute positively in all fields.

The Prime Minister said that the youth are showing great interest in the
Business Loan Scheme which is evident from millions of downloads of
pre-feasibility studies and forms available on SMEDA website.

The meeting was attended by Governor Sindh, Dr. Eshrat-ul-Ebad Khan, Federal
Information Minister, Senator Pervaiz Rashid, Minister for Defence Khawaja
Muhammad Asif, Minister for Interior Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and President
National Bank of Pakistan (NBP).

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

PM directs for softening up conditions for guarantors under youth business loan
scheme

LENGTH: 448  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Saturday reviewed the progress on youth
business loan scheme in a meeting held here at the NBP Headquarters and gave
directions to soften up conditions for guarantors of loans so that maximum
number of youth could benefit from the scheme.

He also emphasized that all barriers should be removed to ensure easy and smooth
processing of applications for loans and their disbursement.

The Prime Minister was given a detailed briefing on the scheme with special
emphasis on the receipt of applications and their scrutiny.

He directed that the implementation of the scheme rules should be in a manner
that it facilitates the applicants. He directed the President NBP to personally
supervise the scheme.

The issue of the guarantors was discussed in detail during the meeting.

The Prime Minister was informed that in order to facilitate the applicants,
three categories of guarantors have been identified: firstly a Grade-15 or above
Government Officer, secondly any civilian person having an amount of net worth
of 1.5 times the amount of loan applied for and thirdly if a person has a
running business and wants to expand it, he can be his own guarantor if he has
net worth of 1.5 times the loan amount in National Bank or any other bank from
where the loan is disbursed.

The Prime Minister approved the additional category of combined guarantors i.e.
a single applicant would now be able to provide combined guarantee of more than
one guarantor for his loan.

The Prime Minister said that banks should facilitate the applicants and the
service delivery mechanism should be improved based upon the valuable
suggestions / feedback received from the public, adding, the standard of
services for these applicants should be the same as given to the commercial
borrowers.

He advised the bank officers working on the loan scheme to consider it as
service to the nation.

The Prime Minister emphasized upon merit and transparency in the scheme so that
only the deserving and genuine persons could get the loan.

He said that the Government wants to provide various opportunities to the youth
including skilled education, trainings, employment and scholarships so that they
could contribute positively in all fields.

The Prime Minister said that the youth are showing great interest in the
Business Loan Scheme which is evident from millions of downloads of
pre-feasibility studies and forms available on SMEDA website.

The meeting was attended by Governor Sindh, Dr. Eshrat-ul-Ebad Khan, Federal
Information Minister, Senator Pervaiz Rashid, Minister for Defence Khawaja
Muhammad Asif, Minister for Interior Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and President
National Bank of Pakistan (NBP).

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

PM directs for softening up conditions for guarantors under youth business loan
scheme

LENGTH: 448  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Saturday reviewed the progress on youth
business loan scheme in a meeting held here at the NBP Headquarters and gave
directions to soften up conditions for guarantors of loans so that maximum
number of youth could benefit from the scheme.

He also emphasized that all barriers should be removed to ensure easy and smooth
processing of applications for loans and their disbursement.

The Prime Minister was given a detailed briefing on the scheme with special
emphasis on the receipt of applications and their scrutiny.

He directed that the implementation of the scheme rules should be in a manner
that it facilitates the applicants. He directed the President NBP to personally
supervise the scheme.

The issue of the guarantors was discussed in detail during the meeting.

The Prime Minister was informed that in order to facilitate the applicants,
three categories of guarantors have been identified: firstly a Grade-15 or above
Government Officer, secondly any civilian person having an amount of net worth
of 1.5 times the amount of loan applied for and thirdly if a person has a
running business and wants to expand it, he can be his own guarantor if he has
net worth of 1.5 times the loan amount in National Bank or any other bank from
where the loan is disbursed.

The Prime Minister approved the additional category of combined guarantors i.e.
a single applicant would now be able to provide combined guarantee of more than
one guarantor for his loan.

The Prime Minister said that banks should facilitate the applicants and the
service delivery mechanism should be improved based upon the valuable
suggestions / feedback received from the public, adding, the standard of
services for these applicants should be the same as given to the commercial
borrowers.

He advised the bank officers working on the loan scheme to consider it as
service to the nation.

The Prime Minister emphasized upon merit and transparency in the scheme so that
only the deserving and genuine persons could get the loan.

He said that the Government wants to provide various opportunities to the youth
including skilled education, trainings, employment and scholarships so that they
could contribute positively in all fields.

The Prime Minister said that the youth are showing great interest in the
Business Loan Scheme which is evident from millions of downloads of
pre-feasibility studies and forms available on SMEDA website.

The meeting was attended by Governor Sindh, Dr. Eshrat-ul-Ebad Khan, Federal
Information Minister, Senator Pervaiz Rashid, Minister for Defence Khawaja
Muhammad Asif, Minister for Interior Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and President
National Bank of Pakistan (NBP).

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 28, 2013 Saturday

PM directs for softening up conditions for guarantors under youth business loan
scheme

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif
Saturday reviewed the progress on youth business loan scheme in a
meeting held here at the NBP Headquarters and gave directions to
soften up conditions for guarantors of loans so that maximum number
of youth could benefit from the scheme.


      He also emphasized that all barriers should be removed to
ensure easy and smooth processing of applications for loans and
their disbursement.
      The Prime Minister was given a detailed briefing on the scheme
with special emphasis on the receipt of applications and their
scrutiny.
      He directed that the implementation of the scheme rules should
be in a manner that it facilitates the applicants. He directed the
President NBP to personally supervise the scheme.
      The issue of the guarantors was discussed in detail during the
meeting.
      The Prime Minister was informed that in order to facilitate
the applicants, three categories of guarantors have been identified:
firstly a Grade-15 or above Government Officer, secondly any
civilian person having an amount of net worth of 1.5 times the
amount of loan applied for and thirdly if a person has a running
business and wants to expand it, he can be his own guarantor if he
has net worth of 1.5 times the loan amount in National Bank or any
other bank from where the loan is disbursed.
      The Prime Minister approved the additional category of
combined guarantors i.e. a single applicant would now be able to
provide combined guarantee of more than one guarantor for his loan.
      The Prime Minister said that banks should facilitate the
applicants and the service delivery mechanism should be improved
based upon the valuable suggestions / feedback received from the
public, adding, the standard of services for these applicants should
be the same as given to the commercial borrowers.
      He advised the bank officers working on the loan scheme to
consider it as service to the nation.
      The Prime Minister emphasized upon merit and transparency in
the scheme so that only the deserving and genuine persons could get
the loan.
      He said that the Government wants to provide various
opportunities to the youth including skilled education, trainings,
employment and scholarships so that they could contribute positively
in all fields.
      The Prime Minister said that the youth are showing great
interest in the Business Loan Scheme which is evident from millions
of downloads of pre-feasibility studies and forms available on SMEDA
website.
      The meeting was attended by Governor Sindh, Dr. Eshrat-ul-Ebad
Khan, Federal Information Minister, Senator Pervaiz Rashid, Minister
for Defence Khawaja Muhammad Asif, Minister for Interior Chaudhry
Nisar Ali Khan and President National Bank of Pakistan (NBP).

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Conditions in youth loans have eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 374

LENGTH: 160  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon says the
government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme to attract maximum
applications from the youth. In an interview with Radio Pakistan, she said the
youth has shown tremendous interest in the loan scheme. Though the rate of
return of applications is low and therefore on the directions of the Prime
Minister the conditions have been relaxed.

Now the blood relative has been allowed to become guarantor, she added. Marvi
Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the country in order to
also involve them in this scheme. She said people of these areas want to open up
schools or do other some other businesses. She said our teams are working day
and night to properly guide the people of backward areas. Responding to a
question, Marvi Memon clarified that five percent quota has been fixed for the
disabled persons in the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Conditions in youth loans have eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 374

LENGTH: 160  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon says the
government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme to attract maximum
applications from the youth. In an interview with Radio Pakistan, she said the
youth has shown tremendous interest in the loan scheme. Though the rate of
return of applications is low and therefore on the directions of the Prime
Minister the conditions have been relaxed.

Now the blood relative has been allowed to become guarantor, she added. Marvi
Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the country in order to
also involve them in this scheme. She said people of these areas want to open up
schools or do other some other businesses. She said our teams are working day
and night to properly guide the people of backward areas. Responding to a
question, Marvi Memon clarified that five percent quota has been fixed for the
disabled persons in the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2017 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                 March 1, 2017

                     THE YOUTH & COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIP CIC

                             MEOLS COP YOUTH CENTRE
                                 MEOLS COP ROAD
                                   SOUTHPORT
                               SOUTHPORT PR8 6JS


TRADE ADDRESS: Meols Cop Youth Centre Meols Cop Road, SOUTHPORT PR8 6JS

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07929940

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: January 31, 2012
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Mark Long, Kitchen Showroom Manager
     ·    Patricia Ann Wilson, Youth And Community Worker
     ·    Daniel Hugh Wilson, Youth And Community Worker
     ·    Patrice Hey, Youth & Community Worker


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    PatriceHey


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: Social work activities without accommodation
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Ceased IRL

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
88000

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: January 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  January 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  October 18, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  January 31, 2017
CREDIT LIMIT:  17,500

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                3,000         -         -
Intangible Assets                                  -         -         -
Total Fixed Assets                             3,000         -         -
Stocks                                             -         -         -
Debtors                                            -         -         -
Cash                                          17,643    18,204    27,758
Miscellaneous Current Assets                       0         0         0
Other Current Assets                          17,643    18,204    27,758
Total Current Assets                          17,643    18,204    27,758
Fixed Assets                                   3,000         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        -         -         -
Due From Group, Current                            -         -         -
TOTAL ASSETS                                  20,643    18,204    27,758



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          -         -         -
Bank Overdraft                                     -         -         -
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             15,664    12,155    21,729
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              -         -         -
Due To Directors, Current                          -         -         -
Other Current Liabilities                     15,664    12,155    21,729
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          -         -         -
Due To Directors, Non Current                      -         -         -
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     15,664    12,155    21,729
Total Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             15,664    12,155    21,729
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 -         -         -
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                  4,979     6,049     6,029
Revaluation Reserve                                -         -         -
Shareholder Funds                              4,979     6,049     6,029
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                     4,979     6,049     6,029


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed       4,979     6,049     6,029
Net Worth              4,979     6,049     6,029
Working Capital        1,979     6,049     6,029
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets         13.4 -25.63 -42.42
Current Assets      -3.08 -36.44 -50.79
Current             28.87 -27.91  40.14
Liabilities
Capital Employed   -17.69 -17.42 -79.82
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 17,091 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
85320 Social work activities without accommodation



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -7.33     1.82    18.11
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -5.88     1.25    14.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -6.01     1.34    11.07
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               62.5   143.75   262.75
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        10.2        0        0
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                      1     1.63     4.76
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)            16,349.0 23,238.6 31,623.2
                                                          6        4        3
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)    13,600 19,249.2 25,290.1
                                                                   2
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  22,511.0   34,000   56,000
                                                          4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                     68    55.68    37.28



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  8
=        4
Year -1  8
=        3
Year -2  8
=        9
Year -3  5
=        6

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/01/201 31/01/201 31/01/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.13       1.5      1.28
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.13       1.5      1.28
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.24      0.33      0.22
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 4,979

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                              766 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Let's form youth commission to monitor loan programme!

LENGTH: 222  words


National Youth Assembly President Hanan Abbasi has said that there should be
national youth commission to monitor the youth loan programme.

Abbasi said that it was the responsibility of the government to ensure the
success of the scheme by the formation of national youth commission adding he
said that present government was seriously pursuing youth loan programme in
Pakistan.

He said that in the past many youth programmes were started for the youth but
the successive government had stopped them.

In Sri Lanka there is a National Youth Services Council which is working for the
welfare of youth. This youth services council is running youth hostels and
monitoring educational and employment opportunities for youth in Sri Lanka," he
maintained.

He added that there are nearly 140,000 Pakistani highly skilled engineers,
doctors and lawyers working in different parts of the world. He said that law
should be made for the formation of national youth commission in Pakistan. He
said that 60 percent population of Pakistan is youth and it is necessary for the
government to launch some youth specific schemes.

He added that there is a need to establish youth entrepreneurship department in
the universities to give training to the youth, mobile entrepreneurship should
also be established to give training to the youth of far-flung areas.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Increase in subsidised agri lending limit demanded

LENGTH: 649 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Nov. 5 -- The business community on Tuesday urged the government to
increase the limit of the subsidised loans offered to youths wanting to engage
in commercial farming. It has also demanded a revision of the age limit for
beneficiaries.The Working Procedure on Interest Subsidy for Agriculture Loans to
the Youth issued on Sunday has fixed the ceiling of the subsidised loans at Rs
10 million and the age limit for eligible recipients at 21-45 years.

As per the working procedure, commercial banks charge 10 percent interest on the
agro loans provided to targeted youths. The borrower pays 6 percent interest and
the government pays the rest.

Organising an interaction on Tuesday, the Federation of Nepalese Chambers of
Commerce and Industry (FNCCI) said the credit limit of Rs 10 million would be
inadequate for big projects including the construction of cold storage. "It will
not address the needs of big investors in the farm sector," said the FNCCI in a
press release.

Similarly, agro entrepreneurs said that the age limit was impractical. "A
majority of Nepali farmers are over the age of 45 years. The age limit has
ignored the aspects of a large number of old farmers," said Durga Adhikari,
general secretary of Seed Entrepreneurs' Association of Nepal, presenting a
paper. "It largely aims to involve only new farmers."

He also expressed scepticism that the subsidised loan scheme would be
effectively implemented even in rural areas. "As commercial banks demand
collateral worth three times the loan amount, loan utilisation in rural areas
may not reach the optimum level."

The government has aimed through this plan to encourage youths to engage in
commercial agriculture instead of going abroad to work.

The business community also expressed dissatisfaction over the maturity period
of the loan which has been set at five years. Adhikari said the repayment period
was too short under present conditions where entrepreneurs have to face stiff
competition in terms of quality, price and technology.

Gyaneshwor Acharya of the Nepal Bankers' Association said the maturity period of
five years was inadequate to clear the loan. He added that the provision of
barring farmers from receiving subsidised loans if they fall behind in paying
interest for three months was also inappropriate.

The government has specified subsidised loans for production in 12 farm areas.
They are vegetable production, processing and storage; seed production,
processing and storage; floriculture; livestock; fruits production, processing
and storage; and dairy production, processing and sales and any other area fixed
by the government.

Similarly, the other targeted sectors are fishery, production and sales;
mushroom production, processing and storage; animal slaughter house and meat
business; herbal production, processing and storage; sugarcane, cardamom and
ginger farming, storage and processing.

The FNCCI criticised the government for not including fodder production and
fertiliser manufacturing in the subsidised loan scheme.

Meanwhile, Nepal Rastra Bank said the government had launched the programme as
an incentive to encourage youths to engage in commercial farming.

"However, it is not a complete package for the promotion of the sector," said
Basudev Adhikari, director at the central bank. He added that the programme had
mainly targeted disadvantaged rural youth.

Lawmaker Gagan Thapa said there was enough room for making amendments to the
working procedure after holding discussions with the stakeholders. "Apart from
identifying farmers eligible to receive the subsidised loans, the time has now
come for a proper assessment of whether such loans have yielded the desired
results," he added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday

Pakistan: Country can progress tremendously by harnessing youth talent: PM

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, Jan. 4 -- Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz

Sharif on Friday said the country could achieve tremendous

development by harnessing the youth's talent and energy, who

formed 60 percent of the population.

Speaking at the launching ceremony of Youth Business Scheme

here at Hyderabad Club, he said the government had decided to empower

the youth economically by granting loans to help them launch

their own businesses.

This would not only help improve the

socio-economic condition of the youth, but also directly benefit their family
members, and other stakeholders engaged in

different busniess activities, he added.

A total of 40 applicants, including 18 women, whose

loan applications fulfilling codal formalities were accepted

also attended the function and replied to the queries of

Prime Minister.

Nawaz Sharif said the government had launched the

scheme to improve the economic condition of the youth, who would

be given loans ranging from Rs 100,000 to Rs 2 million.

The government realised that the country's educated

and uneducated youth had no access to financial opportunities

for their economic empowerment.

No development could be achieved without active participation of the youth, he
said and added the government had decided to make

the future builders financially strong.

He said youth were the major contributors to the development of

any country and the government was determined to open vistas

for them, who remained neglected so far.

In the past, big loans, amounting upto Rs 20 billion

were being granted to individuals or groups, but the youth

were ignored, he said.

The Prime Minister said the present government was determined to

remove the sense of deprivation among the youth by supporting them

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

PSIC advances Rs 50m loans to unemployed youths

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


    Punjab Small Industries Corporation (PSIC) in collaboration with NGO
Akhuwat has advanced  Rs 50 million loans to unemployed youths across the
province.    The loans have been extended from a total of one billion rupees
interest-free micro-financing venture.    Managing Director PSIC, Farhan Aziz
Khawaja told APP on Friday that the Punjab Chief Minister had approved Rs 1,000
 million for extending interest-free loans to deserving people in the province.
    Some 3,000 poor families in Lahore, Multan, Rawalpindi, Faislabad and
Sarghoda divisions had been given an amount of Rs 50 million through cheques,
he said.             The loans would help the youth to set up their own
business and live with dignity. The unemployed skilled and unskilled youths of
PVTC, TEVTA, Sanatzar of Social Welfare Department and other recognised
training institutions of public and private sectors were being accorded
priority, he explained.      He said that all Regional Directors PSIC across
the province had already been directed to visit villages and identify people
for disbursement of loans to alleviate abject poverty.      The MD said that in
 the remaining divisions, spade work was in full swing and efforts were being
made to expedite the process of grant of loans to poor segments of society.
      Regional Director, Lahore Ali Raza Tarar said that special counters have
been set up at all district offices to facilitate skilled and unskilled youths
for the grant of loans thorough a one-window operation.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                           October 27, 2011 Thursday

Youth Development Fund Finances 650 Projects

LENGTH: 347 words


More than 650 youths and youth organisations/companies from across the country
have benefited from the Youth Development Fund.

The fund, which was set up by the Government through the Ministry of Youth
Development, Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment, is administered through
Youth Empowerment Facilities managed by CBZ Bank and the Infrastructure
Development Bank of Zimbabwe.

At least 517 youths and youth organisations/companies benefited from the CBZ
Bank facility, while 145 have benefited from the Infrastructure Development Bank
of Zimbabwe facility.

Youth Development, Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment acting permanent
secretary Mr George Magosvongwe urged more financial institutions to come on
board and boost the pool's resources.

"The fund has had a total capital injection of US$2,1 million to date from the
fiscus. This figure is inadequate when measured against the current demand for
project financing applied for by the youth.

"The Ministry is therefore inviting other financial institutions to come on
board so that the Youth Empowerment Agenda is escalated in order to strengthen

existing projects and to expand the empowerment base in order to create jobs for
young people and reduce poverty in local areas," he said.

According to the Ministry, the funds are distributed in batches of a minimum of
US$1 000 up to a maximum of US$5 000 depending on the size and type of project.

The Youth Empowerment Facility provides funds in the form of capital expenditure
loans, project finance, and working capital finance including short-term loans,
debt factoring, order finance, invoice discounting and guarantees.

The funds are essentially bank loans at an interest rate of 10 percent per annum
and are repaid as per loan disbursement agreement.

The Ministry said although projects from any sector can benefit from the fund,
priority will focus on projects that focus on value-addition.

With the country's formal employment rate standing at under 20 percent of the
total population, the funds are critical in creating opportunities and reducing
poverty among the youths.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Govt's Youth Business Loan program lauded

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 337

LENGTH: 173  words


Economist Dr Shahid Hassan Siddiqui has said that government's Youth Business
loan programme will ensure that people are self-employed by providing them
vocational training and loans.

Talking to Radio Pakistan, he said that such programmes are very necessary to
eradicate poverty and suggested to link Benazir Income Support Programme and
Zakat with microfinance.

He said "we should rely on our own resources to minimize the ratio of imports."

Another analyst of National Defense University Islamabad, Dr Muhammad Khan has
said that the youth business loan programme is the first of its kind in Pakistan
as many incentives have been offered to the youth.

He said that in the first year of the loan there will be no markup and in second
year the markup will be 8% in which 7% will be afforded by the government
itself.

He added this programme should be implemented throughout the country.

He said reconsideration is necessary regarding the guarantor of the loan taking
persons because the youth from lower class have problems in this connection.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Govt's Youth Business Loan program lauded

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 337

LENGTH: 173  words


Economist Dr Shahid Hassan Siddiqui has said that government's Youth Business
loan programme will ensure that people are self-employed by providing them
vocational training and loans.

Talking to Radio Pakistan, he said that such programmes are very necessary to
eradicate poverty and suggested to link Benazir Income Support Programme and
Zakat with microfinance.

He said "we should rely on our own resources to minimize the ratio of imports."

Another analyst of National Defense University Islamabad, Dr Muhammad Khan has
said that the youth business loan programme is the first of its kind in Pakistan
as many incentives have been offered to the youth.

He said that in the first year of the loan there will be no markup and in second
year the markup will be 8% in which 7% will be afforded by the government
itself.

He added this programme should be implemented throughout the country. He said
reconsideration is necessary regarding the guarantor of the loan taking persons
because the youth from lower class have problems in this connection.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Youth loans: ballot condition waived for private banks

BYLINE: RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 92

LENGTH: 147  words


In order to extend the portfolio of Prime Minister''s Youth Business Loans
Scheme, the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) on Thursday allowed private banks to
disburse loans without balloting under the scheme. According to IH and SMEFD
Circular Letter No 07 of 2015 issued on April 2, 2015, the SBP has made some
amendments to the previous circular issued for the Prime Minister''s Youth
Business Loan scheme.

"Private banks are exempted from the balloting condition under Prime Minister''s
Youth Business Loans Scheme," the circular said. All other instructions on the
subject shall remain unchanged, it added.

Presently two banks including National Bank of Pakistan and First Women Bank
Limited are disbursing loans under the scheme. Loans to all women applicants are
being granted without balloting, while loans to other applicants are being
disbursed through a proper balloting process.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Zimbabwean

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Loans empower youths

BYLINE: Clayton Masekesa

LENGTH: 667  words


Michael Masiyazi (30) from St Werburg's in Chigodora Village was orphaned at the
age of nine after losing both parents. His paternal grandmother cared for him
and his three siblings, but his childhood was difficult. He didn't even manage
to complete primary school.
Masiyazi and his wife in the horticulture field

At the age of 20 in 2004, Masiyazi's luck changed when he joined the Rural
Financial Services Programme (RFSP).  With the support of the International Fund
for Agricultural Development (IFAD) in conjunction with the Ministry of
Indigenisation, Youth and Economic Empowerment, the programme attracted many
youths into savings and credit co-operative initiatives.

Masiyazi received micro-finance services to expand his agricultural enterprises.
In a recent interview with The Zimbabwean he said he started small-scale farming
of coffee and maize. He opened his first savings account with $330 from the sale
of his first crop. He also grows and sells vegetables to the local community,
supermarkets and at Sakubva Market in Mutare.

A changed life

His savings have now reached $1,565. He has been able to get a loan to buy more
farming equipment. He is presently cultivating a two-hectare plot of land to
plant maize. "I am doing well. I have a wife and two children. I am not only
able to pay for my child's primary school fees, but also the secondary school
fees for my youngest brother," he said.

"I also employ youths from my home area, some permanently and others on a
part-time basis. During the coffee bean harvest season I hire extra youths and
also to weed the maize field.  Receiving the loans has changed my life and
improved my agricultural enterprises. I now have a truck and have completed my
six-room house. Considering that I grew up an orphan, I am proud to say that my
life has changed for the better," he said.

Last Saidi, the programmes officer for IFAD said the main vision of the
organisation was to expand the outreach of financial services to rural
communities involved in agriculture. "We have three main objectives - to ensure
access to financial services, to promote usage of these services and to make
them sustainable," he said.

Challenges

"Successfully involving young people in agriculture is a challenge, especially
for those in remote rural areas.

Disempowerment, lack of assets and limited economic prospects are the order of
the day. Initially we targeted the whole community of Chigodora, but as more
details became available, we realized that women and youths were more inclined
to be involved, so we decided to focus on encouraging them," added Saidi.

The programme offers loans at an attractive interest rate of 3% and due to the
high demand RFSP has decided to extend its activities to other districts in
Manicaland province.

"We have already established the programme in Nyanga. Among our members there
are several young people. We are reaching out to the youth and many of them have
already realised profits from their various projects. Before this programme many
were unemployed and unproductive," Saidi said.

"The youths are showing a great interest in the loans and we are giving them the
option to form groups in order to fully benefit from this service. The programme
has achieved its first two objectives. Our main challenge remains that of
ensuring the sustainability of the programme," he said.

Tarisai Kabudura, youth development officer from the Ministry of Indigenisation,
Youth and Economic Empowerment, has challenged youths to take part in economic
empowerment programmes because they are the future of the country.

"Young people should join programmes such as RFSP so that they can uplift
themselves through various projects financed by loans," she said. Kabudura also
encouraged young people to use loans to get involved in the potentially viable
manufacturing sector. The country already has the necessary resources like
minerals, crops, timber and others that can all be used to produce a variety of
products, utensils, food and sculptures, she said.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1286


                         Copyright 2014 The Zimbabwean
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Pakistan: 'SMEDA not responsible for business failure under PM Youth Scheme'

LENGTH: 627  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, March 1 -- The Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority
(SMEDA) will not be responsible for the failure of any business launched under
the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme, SMEDA CEO Ahmad Nawaz Sukhera
said on Thursday.

The federal government had earlier assigned an advisory role to SMEDA in the
implementation of the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme. The specific
task assigned to SMEDA was to prepare reference pre-feasibility studies for
borrowers and financial institutions. Addressing a press conference flanked by
senior SMEDA officials, Sukhera refused to address concerns about the
reliability of feasibility reports made by through SMEDA's web portal but
proudly claimed SMEDA as the government's number one website. SMEDA's
feasibility reports have a proven track record of failure in the business and
CNG sector, pointed out one expert.

Further, Sukhera said, SMEDA has targeted 100,000 people for loans to start
businesses during this year under the PM's scheme. Interestingly, the budget
allocation for the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Scheme is Rs5 billion for this
year - making the average allocation a meager Rs 50,000. "There is not a single
feasibility report available in which a business can be launched with Rs50,000.
This is only exposes SMEDA's ill planning," said another expert.

SMEDA CEO went on to add that in the short span of 4 months, the global rank of
SMEDA's web portal improved from 505,686 to 42,088. SMEDA, in line with its
mandate, is playing a key role in spurring entrepreneurship development in the
country, especially focusing on youth, he said.

"Nurturing entrepreneurship among youth by providing means and resources for
converting ideas and skills into commercial ventures is therefore, a key
priority," he said. In this regard, to support new enterprise creation, SMEDA
has developed business information resources and tools that are available, free
of cost at SMEDA's web portal, he said.

These include 56 pre-feasibility studies in Engineering and Manufacturing,
Information Technology, Agriculture, Agriculture and Fruit Processing,
Livestock, Food, Services and Minerals sectors, that provide valuable
information on setting up a particular business including finance (investment
and returns), production and operations, marketing, human resources etc.

CEO SMEDA informed that the pre-feasibility studies are available in both
English and Urdu, the purpose of which is to provide guidance and information to
loan applicants for starting a particular business. To facilitate loan
applicants, SMEDA has also developed a number of information and advisory tools
and resources. These include, frequently asked questions, financial calculators
for loan repayment, balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement,
business plan template and guidelines and seven training videos documentaries on
various aspects of business.

"In order to build an entrepreneurship eco-system in Pakistan, SMEDA has also
provided assistance and support to the existing public sector organisations to
re-orient their efforts towards facilitating new enterprise creation," said
Sukhera.

In this regard, the Ministry of Industries and Production web portal has been
re-vamped to serve as an information hub for new and existing businesses.
Furthermore, websites of the sector-development-organisations falling under the
purview of the Ministry of Industries and Production have also been aligned to
facilitate and provide support for strengthening an entrepreneurial culture in
Pakistan, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      May 23, 1986, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Etobicoke hostel strapped for cash

BYLINE: By Kate Burbidge Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 429 words


   The survival of Metro's first suburban shelter for homeless youth is in
jeopardy while Etobicoke council wrangles over whether to give it a short-term
loan.

"If immediate financial assistance is not forthcoming, Youth Without Shelter
will be forced to withdraw its services from the community, and close its
doors," said the shelter's director, John Barthel.

The 22-bed shelter, which officially opened at 6 Warrendale Court in Etobicoke
last month, will receive funding from Metro, the Anglican Dioceses of Canada,
the federal government and possibly the United Way - but not until later this
year.

In the meantime, Barthel said in an interview, the shelter for troubled youth
between 16 and 20 needs a $60,000 loan to keep creditors at bay.

The shelter can't get a bank loan because it has no collateral; the building is
owned by the provincial Ministry of Community and Social Services.

But Etobicoke council was split 7-7 (Alderman Gloria Luby was absent) this week
after a three-hour debate on whether to give Youth Without Shelter an
interest-free loan.

Council voted to send the loan request back to committee for further discussion,
although Barthel says the need is immediate.

On the pro-loan side were Mayor Bruce Sinclair, Controllers Len Braithwaite and
Lois Griffin and Aldermen David Robertson, Karen Herrell, David Lacey and Alex
Marchetti.

"To not give them a hand when we're able is almost unthinkable," Sinclair said.

"Let's use a little compassion here," Lacey said. "Let's keep them in business."

Metro Social Planning Council studies on homeless youth clearly identified
northwest Metro (Etobicoke and North York) as the area where a shelter was most
needed, Herrell said.

Money for microwaves

Marchetti was angry that Etobicoke politicians had voted earlier in the evening
to spend $30,000 to renovate their offices, but couldn't help the shelter.

"You decided to spend money on microwaves and sofas - for things totally
unnecessary - but you won't give a hand to the shelter," Marchetti said.

Voting against the loan were Controllers Chris Stockwell and Dick O'Brien and
Aldermen Alex Faulkner, Ron Barr, Mary Huffman, Julie Lyons and Helen Wursta.

While Huffman voiced concerns about "loitering youths" from the shelter hanging
out at local shopping malls, Stockwell voiced the opinion of most of those who
voted against the loan.

"It's not the job of local municipalities to make sure the place operates,"
Stockwell said. "The government responsible would be the Metropolitan
government."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo Sinclair

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              777 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Dar's claim on Prime Minister's schemes not reflected in documents

BYLINE: MUSHTAQ GHUMMAN

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 156

LENGTH: 176  words


Finance Minister Senator Ishaq Dar in his budget speech highlighted allocation
of Rs 20 billion for six Prime Minister's schemes but budget documents reveal
that not a single penny has been allocated for these schemes in 2015-16 though
Rs 21 billion was earmarked for 2014-15 under this head. The schemes include
Prime Minister's interest free loan scheme, Prime Minister's business loan
scheme, Prime Minister's Youth Training Scheme, Prime Minister's Youth Skill
Development Scheme, Prime Minister's scheme for provision of laptops and Prime
Minister's Housing Scheme.

Finance Minister in his speech said that PM Youth Business Loan Scheme has
started to improve business capability of youth and eliminate unemployment.
After National Bank of Pakistan and First Women Bank seven private sector banks
extended loans to the youth and so far 15000 loans have been approved whereas
20,000 applications are still pending. Finance Minister announced that mark up
rate on this scheme is being slashed by 2 per cent from July, 2015 to 6 per cent
from 8 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     August 10, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Charest woos young Liberals: The leader of the Quebec Liberals promises changes
in tuition and student loans.

BYLINE: PHILIP AUTHIER; MONTREAL GAZETTE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE: SHERBROOKE, Que.


Quebec Liberal leader Jean Charest made a pitch for the province's youth vote
yesterday, pledging to peg tuition fees to the cost of living, develop a youth
policy and let students pay back their loans at a slower rate.

Describing the next election campaign as the "youth campaign," Charest told
1,000 pumped party youth that it's time for a changing of the guard in Quebec.

The next campaign will feature more youth candidates than ever, he said, moments
after the youth wing's president Jonathan Sauve, 23, announced he will seek the
party's nomination in the Parti Quebecois-held riding of Rosemont.

"The next general election campaign in Quebec will bring about generational
change," Charest said in a speech closing the annual meeting of his party's
youth wing. "It is high time that we allow a new generation of men and women to
emerge, a new vision for our future. ...

"And this includes not only men and women who have a different view of our
future and our place in the world and the uniqueness of what we have built
together.

"It includes also a new generation in terms of age and for that reason you have
my commitment today that the Liberal Party of Quebec will present young
candidates in this campaign."

Charest, who turned 40 this year, went on to endorse a series of policy
resolutions passed by the youth wing this weekend.

They include:

*A resolution calling for changes to the student loan system so that students
can pay back their loans using a new formula, in this case in proportion to
their starting salaries once they get work instead of being saddled with the
whole debt at once.

*A resolution saying that a Liberal government will have a global youth policy.

*Continued application of the existing Liberal tuition policy which says only
cost-of-living increases are acceptable.

The resolutions will now go on to the party's policy commission to become part
of the party's electoral platform expected to be adopted at a fall meeting of
the party's general council.


LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: (Jean) Charest

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

Let's form youth commission to monitor loan programme!

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


National Youth Assembly President Hanan Abbasi has said that there should be
national youth commission to monitor the youth loan programme.


Abbasi said that it was the responsibility of the government to ensure the
success of the scheme by the formation of national youth commission adding he
said that present government was seriously pursuing youth loan programme in
Pakistan.
He said that in the past many youth programmes were started for the youth but
the successive government had stopped them.
"In Sri Lanka there is a National Youth Services Council which is working for
the welfare of youth. This youth services council is running youth hostels and
monitoring educational and employment opportunities for youth in Sri Lanka," he
maintained.
He added that there are nearly 140,000 Pakistani highly skilled engineers,
doctors and lawyers working in different parts of the world. He said that law
should be made for the formation of national youth commission in Pakistan. He
said that 60 percent population of Pakistan is youth and it is necessary for the
government to launch some youth specific schemes.
He added that there is a need to establish youth entrepreneurship department in
the universities to give training to the youth, mobile entrepreneurship should
also be established to give training to the youth of far-flung areas.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£1m to help young 'Start-Up'

BYLINE: ANN KING

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 460 words


A TEAM of business experts has been selected to give support and loans to young
entrepreneurs. Youth Enterprise CIC will work alongside Staffordshire University
to distribute about £1 million in funding under the Start-Up Loans scheme.
Start-Up Loans provide prospective entrepreneurs between the ages of 18 and 30
with a range of support, including access to a business mentor and around
£2,500, to help get business ideas off the ground. Youth Enterprise CIC, a
not-forprofit organisation founded in Stokeon-Trent, aims to raise the
aspirations of young people across the UK.

Youth Enterprise CIC previously launched the National Enterprise Challenge, with
support from Lord Sugar and Staffordshire University, which aims to bring
business studies to life for youngsters aged 11 to 15.

Now it hopes to support 200 new business start-ups over the next year via the
Start-Up Loans scheme. Youth Enterprise CIC director Ben Dyer, aged 24, of
Longton said: "We are passionate about this area and want to build a community
of young business people.

"Start-Up Loans is a great scheme to help people in this region."

Business secretary Vince Cable said: "With more young people than ever before
looking to start their own business, Start-Up Loans will provide the support
they need to help get their business ideas off the ground.

"Money is going out of the door now, so those who want to take advantage should
apply today."

Latest figures show 2,000 young people have received backing for their business
plans under the scheme which is being led by the newly formed Start-Up Loans
Company, headed up by entrepreneur James Caan. He said: "Start-Up Loans are
exactly what young people need to get them on their way to launching their own
businesses. We are encouraging young people to be more entrepreneurial by taking
their future into their own hands." When a young person applies through Start-Up
Loans, a delivery partner, such as Youth Enterprise CIC, based in Stoke, will
work with them to identify what stage they are at in their idea process.

It will help applicants to present a business proposal to a panel. If their
pitch is successful, they will receive the funding for a loan administered by
the delivery partner directly. The Start-Up loan is a personal loan, which means
if four or five people from the same company apply for a loan, all are eligible
for an individual loan to invest in their business. Applicants will be required
to pay back the cash within five years at a fixed-rate of interest - currently
six per cent.

Start-Up Loans has £32.5million available in 2013/14 and £40m on offer in
2014/15.

More information will be available via Staffordshire University's Be Inspired
programme at www.beinspiredatstaffs.co.uk or by visiting www.startuploans.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Entrepreneur and former Dragons' Den star James Caan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                      Copyright 2013 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

Pakistan: Govt mulls over interest-free loans for youth

LENGTH: 458  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Jan. 11 -- The government is actively working on making the ongoing
loaning scheme for the youth more popular by converting the loans into
interest-free/profit-loss sharing system, said Ms Marvi Memon, chief coordinator
of the scheme, who is responsible for monitoring and mobilising the campaign
across the country.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif launched the youth loaning scheme in the first week
of December last in fulfillment of the PML-N election manifesto under which one
billion rupees were set aside in the first phase from January to June 2014,
targeting 100,000 youth of the country, 50 percent of them being the female
folk.

Exclusively talking to this correspondent, Ms Memon stated: "I agree that the
scheme would become a thumping success and the applicants would increase
enormously if the efforts to convince the banks to convert their loaning for
youth into interest-free loan succeed".

The prime minister and the chairperson of the scheme have directed the chief
coordinator to make sure that the youth from all areas, especially the
countryside, participate in the scheme, said Ms Marvi.

She was however disappointed by the response of the other parties who have
opposed the scheme. Ms Marvi claimed that the pace of obtaining and submission
of applications for loans has picked up after the government eased the terms and
conditions, especially allowing the relatives as guarantors

Marvi Memon said the scheme was introduced with the intention of promoting small
businesses, which would result into overall growth of the GDP and per capita
income besides generating employment. She said all efforts are being made to
make the scheme open to every youth irrespective of political affiliation. She
also claimed that the PML-N workers were busy on district and tehsil levels to
popularise the scheme and appealed to other parties as well to join this cause.

Under the scheme the borrower will pay 8 percent of the interest while the
government will pay the remaining 7 percent.

Maryam Nawaz Sharif, the honourary chairperson of the scheme had given good news
to senior journalist Ansar Abbasi in a special talk that the loans would be made
interest-free but no official announcement has yet been made to this effect and
the youth are submitting their applications under the original plan. She had
said, "I know it is like declaring a war with Allah if the government promotes
interest-based economy". She claimed to have discussed the issue with the
finance minister and it has been decided that these loans would be interest free

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Govt mulls over interest-free loans for youth

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The government is actively working on making the ongoing loaning scheme for the
youth more popular by converting the loans into interest-free/profit-loss
sharing system, said Ms Marvi Memon, chief coordinator of the scheme, who is
responsible for monitoring and mobilising the campaign across the country.



Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif launched the youth loaning scheme in the first week
of December last in fulfillment of the PML-N election manifesto under which one
billion rupees were set aside in the first phase from January to June 2014,
targeting 100,000 youth of the country, 50 percent of them being the female
folk.

Exclusively talking to this correspondent, Ms Memon stated: "I agree that the
scheme would become a thumping success and the applicants would increase
enormously if the efforts to convince the banks to convert their loaning for
youth into interest-free loan succeed".

The prime minister and the chairperson of the scheme have directed the chief
coordinator to make sure that the youth from all areas, especially the
countryside, participate in the scheme, said Ms Marvi.

She was however disappointed by the response of the other parties who have
opposed the scheme. Ms Marvi claimed that the pace of obtaining and submission
of applications for loans has picked up after the government eased the terms and
conditions, especially allowing the relatives as guarantors

Marvi Memon said the scheme was introduced with the intention of promoting small
businesses, which would result into overall growth of the GDP and per capita
income besides generating employment. She said all efforts are being made to
make the scheme open to every youth irrespective of political affiliation. She
also claimed that the PML-N workers were busy on district and tehsil levels to
popularise the scheme and appealed to other parties as well to join this cause.


Under the scheme the borrower will pay 8 percent of the interest while the
government will pay the remaining 7 percent.

Maryam Nawaz Sharif, the honourary chairperson of the scheme had given good news
to senior journalist Ansar Abbasi in a special talk that the loans would be made
interest-free but no official announcement has yet been made to this effect and
the youth are submitting their applications under the original plan. She had
said, "I know it is like declaring a war with Allah if the government promotes
interest-based economy". She claimed to have discussed the issue with the
finance minister and it has been decided that these loans would be interest
free.


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Pakistan: Govt mulls interest-free loans for youth

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Jan. 10 -- The government is actively working on making the ongoing
loaning scheme for the youth more popular by converting the loans into
interest-free/profit-loss sharing system, said Ms Marvi Memon, chief coordinator
of the scheme who is responsible for monitoring and mobilising the campaign
across the country.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif launched the youth loaning scheme in the first week
of December last in fulfillment of the PML-N election manifesto under which one
billion rupees were set aside in the first phase from January to June 2014,
targeting 100,000 youth of the country, 50 percent of them being the female
folk.

Exclusively talking to this correspondent, Ms Memon stated: "I agree that the
scheme would become a thumping success and the applicants would increase
enormously if the efforts to convince the banks to convert their loaning for
youth into interest-free loan succeed".

The prime minister and the chairperson of the scheme have directed the chief
coordinator to make sure that the youth from all areas, especially the
countryside, participate in the scheme, said Ms Marvi.

She was however disappointed by the response of the other parties who have who
have opposed the scheme. Ms Marvi claimed that the pace of obtaining and
submission of applications for loans has picked up after the government eased
the terms and conditions, especially allowing the relatives as guarantors

Marvi Memon said the scheme was introduced with the intention of promoting small
businesses, which would result into overall growth of the GDP and per capita
income besides generating employment. She said all efforts are being made to
make the scheme open to every youth irrespective of political affiliation. She
also claimed that the PML-N workers were busy on district and tehsil levels to
popularise the scheme and appealed to other parties as well to join this cause.

Under the scheme the borrower will pay 8 percent of the interest while the
government will pay the remaining 7 percent.

Maryam Nawaz Sharif, the honourary chairperson of the scheme had given good news
to senior journalist Ansar Abbasi in a special talk that the loans would be made
interest-free but no official announcement has yet been made to this effect and
the youth are submitting their applications under the original plan. She had
said, "I know it is like declaring a war with Allah if the government promotes
interest-based economy". She claimed to have discussed the issue with the
finance minister and it has been decided that these loans would be interest free

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

Govt mulls interest-free loans for youth

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The government is actively working on making the ongoing loaning scheme for the
youth more popular by converting the loans into interest-free/profit-loss
sharing system, said Ms Marvi Memon, chief coordinator of the scheme who is
responsible for monitoring and mobilising the campaign across the country.



Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif launched the youth loaning scheme in the first week
of December last in fulfillment of the PML-N election manifesto under which one
billion rupees were set aside in the first phase from January to June 2014,
targeting 100,000 youth of the country, 50 percent of them being the female
folk.

Exclusively talking to this correspondent, Ms Memon stated: "I agree that the
scheme would become a thumping success and the applicants would increase
enormously if the efforts to convince the banks to convert their loaning for
youth into interest-free loan succeed".

The prime minister and the chairperson of the scheme have directed the chief
coordinator to make sure that the youth from all areas, especially the
countryside, participate in the scheme, said Ms Marvi.

She was however disappointed by the response of the other parties who have who
have opposed the scheme. Ms Marvi claimed that the pace of obtaining and
submission of applications for loans has picked up after the government eased
the terms and conditions, especially allowing the relatives as guarantors

Marvi Memon said the scheme was introduced with the intention of promoting small
businesses, which would result into overall growth of the GDP and per capita
income besides generating employment. She said all efforts are being made to
make the scheme open to every youth irrespective of political affiliation. She
also claimed that the PML-N workers were busy on district and tehsil levels to
popularise the scheme and appealed to other parties as well to join this cause.


Under the scheme the borrower will pay 8 percent of the interest while the
government will pay the remaining 7 percent.

Maryam Nawaz Sharif, the honourary chairperson of the scheme had given good news
to senior journalist Ansar Abbasi in a special talk that the loans would be made
interest-free but no official announcement has yet been made to this effect and
the youth are submitting their applications under the original plan. She had
said, "I know it is like declaring a war with Allah if the government promotes
interest-based economy". She claimed to have discussed the issue with the
finance minister and it has been decided that these loans would be interest
free.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Pakistan: Govt's Youth Business Loan program lauded

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 9 -- Economist Dr Shahid Hassan Siddiqui

has said that government's Youth Business loan programme will

ensure that people are self-employed by providing them vocational

training and loans.

Talking to Radio Pakistan, he said that such programmes

are very necessary to eradicate poverty and suggested to link

Benazir Income Support Programme and Zakaat with microfinance.

He said "we should rely on our own resources to minimize

the ratio of imports."

Another analyst of National Defense University Islamabad,

Dr Muhammad Khan has said that the youth business loan programme

is the first of its kind in Pakistan as many incentives have

been offered to the youth.

He said that in the first year of the loan there will be

no markup and in second year the markup will be 8% in which 7%

will be afforded by the government itself.

He added this programme should be implemented throughout

the country.

He said reconsideration is necessary regarding the guarantor

of the loan taking persons because the youth from lower class have

problems in this connection

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Youth Loan Programme: LHC asks government to explain appointment of Maryam

BYLINE: HAMID NAWAZ

SECTION: Vol. L No. 291

LENGTH: 262  words


The Lahore High Court here on Wednesday directed the federal government to
apprise by October 30 about the legal status of its youth loan programme and the
criteria for the appointment of its head. The court was hearing a petition filed
by a PTI worker, Zubair Niazi, against the appointment of Maryam Nawaz Sharif as
Chairperson of Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme.

The court observed that the government would have to explain under what law
public money was being used for political purposes. The court expressed concern
over control of public money given to an individual of ruling family. The court
also sought appearance of any responsible representative of the Youth Loan
Programme on the next date.

Earlier, petitioner's counsel Sheraz Zaka contended before the court that the
government issued a notification on November 22, 2013 pertaining to appointment
of Maryam Nawaz, as chairperson of Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme. He
said the appointment was made in violation of law and the set criterion as
neither a public notice nor an advertisement was issued before appointment.

He said prior consultation with Council of Common Interest (CCI) was mandatory
under the law but the appointment was made without following the said procedure.
He said the Prime Minister violated Article 91(5) of the Constitution by
concealing a fact. He therefore prayed to the court to set aside appointment of
Maryam Nawaz Sharif as Chairperson of Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme. He
also prayed to restrain Maryam from working till the final disposal of the main
petition.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

JS Bank to offer subsidised loans to cab drivers

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 273

LENGTH: 179  words


JS Bank on Monday showed its commitment to offer a financing facility under
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme, in collaboration with CAREEM, an
online cab booking service.

Prime Minister's Youth Programme Chairperson Leila Khan on Monday chaired a
meeting on Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme at the PM Office with a
delegation from JS Bank, led by its President and CEO Khalid Imran.

Under the arrangement, JS Bank will offer subsidised loans at 6% mark-up rate to
potential cab drivers for buying cars to run their cab service business. The
cabs under this scheme will be properly insured, and fitted with tracker
facility.

JS Bank, one of the leading SME financing banks with around Rs11 billion SME
portfolio, is processing loan applications under this scheme initially through
its 15 hub branches in 10 major cities across the country.

Leila Khan appreciated the efforts of JS Bank in developing a viable banking
product for creating more business and employment opportunities for youth, using
the platform of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             January 1, 2016 Friday

Govt for empowering youth through education and skill: Makhdoom Adeel

LENGTH: 328 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 ISLAMABAD: Chief coordinator, Prime
Minister's Youth Programme, Makhdoom Adeel-ur-Rehman Thursday said
the biggest priority of the government was to empower our youth
and women through education and skills.


     To address this challenge, the Government of Pakistan was
focused on educating the youth with particular focus on girls'
education.
       Talking to media he said current government was providing
technical training to unskilled youth adding government was working
round the clock to promote education and bring peace in the country,
he added.
       He further said that work was also being carried out to
standardize and streamline the three strands of educational system
in Pakistan i.e. public, private and madrassah.
        "Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would
make it prosperous and enlightened adding youth all over the world
through history, has been a revolutionary force," he said.
      It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a
nation going through hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do
wonders if availed, trained, educated and informed in an optimum
fashion, Makhdoom further added.
      To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under
the Prime Minister Youth Programme and declared that these were
bearing fruits too, as some of the young women who got loan after
first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan Scheme, had returned
their first installment, which was due after one year on getting the
loan.
     To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted
to financially empower women and added that women were running day
care centres, dealing in e-business of garments etc after getting
loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with men.
    The chief coordinator further said that the nation could
only progress by making Pakistan a knowledge based country and added
that by launching laptop computer scheme last year, the government
had already brought a silent revolution in education sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                            October 17, 2011 Monday

Kimironko Youth Urged to Fight Poverty

LENGTH: 477  words


The Director General of Employment in the Ministry of Labour and Public Service,
Anna Mugabo, has challenged the youth in Kimironko sector, Gasabo District to be
hard working and innovative in all their endeavours, which she said will enable
them to curb unemployment.

The official made the call last Saturday while addressing members of the
National Youth Council at the sector level, during their general assembly which
took place at Kigali Institute of Education (KIE).

"No country can develop without the active participation of the youth, which is
why you should play a key role in our country's socio-economic development, by
avoiding the habit of laziness," Mugabo said.

She asked them to avoid involvement in drug abuse and to always exhibit total
discipline in everything they do.

Mugabo urged them to acquire loans through the Business Development Fund (BDF)
and Banque Populaire saying that this will reduce unemployment and poverty among
them.

She briefed them on various government initiatives and programmes aimed at
fighting against poverty among the youth and told them to always seek advice
from the ministry whenever they need any form of assistance.

According to her, the Business Development Centres at the district level will
help them to come up with business projects which they can present to banks and
micro finances to acquire loans.

Eric Bundugu, the sector coordinator of the National Youth Council noted that
there is still a challenge of youth involved in drugs, saying that every
Saturday morning, the council organises various sporting events and they use the
forum to encourage the youth to desist from leading irresponsible lives.

"Unemployment is one the major challenges still being faced by the youth in our
sector and I call upon the ministry to help us get easy access to loans in
financial institutions because they request for collateral which most of us
don't readily have," Bundugu said.

One of the participants, Jean Marie Uwitonze, called upon the ministry to
champion the fight against abuse of the youth especially those working as
house-helps, saying that most are denied their rights including lack of medical
insurance like Mutuelle de Sante yet they deserve equal rights like any other
Rwandan.

In an interview with The New Time shortly after the assembly, Mugabo noted that
her ministry recently launched an internship programme under the Rwanda
Development Board (RDB) where over 1,000 youth especially graduates have
enrolled in the programme through which they are taught to be job creators.

She added that the ministry is working on a survey which will come up with
accurate data on the current level of unemployment in the country.

The Executive Secretary of Kimironko Sector, Theophile Niragire called upon to
acquire loans through Umurenge Sacco adding that currently, an individual can
obtain a loan of Rwf500, 000.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 15, 2013 Monday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential. To provide career counselling and recreational
facilities to youth, the Pakistan Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to
construct District Youth Centers (DYC) at divisional headquarters through
community driven development initiatives for organising sports events, youth
mobilization, awareness campaigns. An official of Finance Department told media
on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be established in the existing government
buildings on patterns of universities and colleges to fully tap their hidden
talent. He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year
costing Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose. In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill
Development Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has
planned to launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the
government will bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students
aged 18-25, who undergoes technical training. He said the government would spent
Rs 100 million in current fiscal year. Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being
established to encourage local entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2
million seed money for 50 top business proposals prepared by young business
planning youth that would be assessed through a transparent system of
competition, adding Rs 120 million has been allocated in the budget. The
government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget. Khud Kifalat
interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to which an
interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years. He said the loan
shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors and Rs 2.7 billion
has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14. Madrasa interest free micro
finance credit scheme has been planned under which an interest free loan of Rs
25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12 backward districts to be
selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of Rs 1 billion has been
allocated for this purpose during 2013-14. Ranrra solar energy initiative loan
is also being launched under which a loan upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a
period of 6 years with 1 year grace period shall be granted to bonafide
residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the establishment of employment oriented
businesses in the province with debt-equity ratio of 60:40. The loan shall be
recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been allocated for
this purpose in the budget. Under the Community Driven Local Development
programme, he said a policy and governance framework for community driven local
development is being adopted by the government of KP under which funds would be
directly transferred to the village based organisations/councils that would be
monitored through strict system of performance audit. The EU has allocated Rs 1
billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall be provided by government
of KP. He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for
young people and will generate employment opportunities for them. He said the
government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because their
leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective efforts.
The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Six banks to work as executing partner with PMYBLS

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, Nov. 16 -- text; display block; font-family 'Courier New', Courier,
monospace, arial, sans-serif; font-size 14px; margin 0px; white-space pre-wrap;
word-wrap break-word; color rgb(0, 0, 0); font-style normal; font-variant
normal; font-weight normal; letter-spacing normal; line-height normal; orphans
auto; text-align left; text-indent 0px; text-transform none; widows 1;
word-spacing 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width 0px; background-color rgb(255, 255,
255);">

ISLAMABAD The six private banks would work as

executing partner with Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme

(PMYBLS) to help the needy people to start their own business.

Chairperson Prime Minister Youth Programme, Ms Leila Khan

chaired six (6) separate meetings with representatives of Askari

Bank, United Bank Limited, JS Bank, Dubai Islamic Bank, ABL and MCB

on Prime Minister Youth Business Loans Scheme, said a press release.

Speaking at the occasion, Ms Leila Khan highlighted that Prime

Ministers Youth Business Loans Scheme is a significant initiative of

the PML-N government for the promotion of entrepreneurship culture

in the country.

She welcomed on board the private banks as executing partners

of the scheme, and encouraged them to proactively pursue the

potential borrowers through their sales teams, so that more and more

people could start their own businesses under the scheme.

Askari Bank has started financing under Prime Minister's Youth

Business Loans Scheme through its credit hubs in Islamabad,

Rawalpindi, Lahore and Karachi.

MCB has initiated this scheme from its 11 designated branches

in major cities across country; JS Bank and Dubai Islamic Bank have

launched this scheme in 14 branches each all over Pakistan; ABL has

rolled out the scheme from 17 branches in major cities; whereas UBL

is implementing this scheme through its branches all over Pakistan.

The Chairperson underscored the need for all executing banks

of the scheme to enter into agreements with reputed business

corporations to facilitate the potential entrepreneurs in

establishing new businesses using the platform of Prime Minister's

Youth Business Loans Scheme.

The participating banks of the scheme assured the Chairperson

of their strong commitment in executing the scheme in the best

possible manner, for productively engaging the youth in

socio-economic development of the country.

Previously, HBL, Habib Metropolitan Bank, Bank Al-Habib,

Summit Bank, Soneri Bank, Meezan Bank, Albaraka Bank and Sindh Bank

are executing this scheme in addition to NBP, and First Women Bank

Limited

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Tyler Tribute (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

Youth project loans available

BYLINE: Tyler Tribute staff

LENGTH: 288  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA) makes operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual rural youths age 10 through 20 to finance income-producing,
agriculture-related projects. Each project must be planned and operated with the
assistance of an organization advisor, produce sufficient income to repay the
loan, and provide the youth with practical business and educational experience
in agriculturerelated skills.

To qualify for a loan, the applicant must comply with FSA's general eligibility
requirements reside in a rural area, city or town with a population of 50,000 or
fewer people; and conduct a modest income-producing project in a supervised
program of work.

These loans can finance many kinds of incomeproducing agricultural projects. The
loan fund may be used to buy livestock, seed, equipment and supplies buy, rent
or repair needed tools and equipment; and pay operating expenses for the
project.

To apply, the applicant must submit completed plans and budgets signed by the
project advisor and parent or guardian along with the FSA application for loan
assistance. These loans have a maximum loan amount of $5,000; have a low
interest rate below conventional market rates; will be secured, in addition to
promissory notes, by liens on the products produced for sale and on chattel
property, including livestock, equipment and fixtures purchased with loan funds;
and have a repayment schedule which varies depending on the type of project for
which the loan is made. (For example, if the project involves raising livestock
or crops, the loan is paid when the animals or produce are normally sold Other
loans available through FSA - Loans to beginning farmers, established farmers,
and socially disadvantaged farmers.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TYL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Tyler Tribute


                              793 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

NBP, Hunar Foundation sign MoU for PMYBL Scheme

LENGTH: 1021  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, Dec. 1 -- National Bank of Pakistan and Hunar Foundation Sign MoU for
providing business opportunities for less privileged youth of Pakistan through
the PMYBL Scheme

Mr. Mudassir H. Khan, SEVP/Group Chief CRBG, Mr. Irtiza Kazmi, EVP/Head of Cash
Management & PMYBL, Mr. Javed Hassan, CEO Hunar Foundation, Nageen Rizvi, VP/
Unit Head Marketing & Promotion and other senior executive also seen in the
picture.

The MoU between National Bank of Pakistan and Hunar Foundation signed today for
the PM Youth Business Loan Scheme shows the shared commitment of both the
organizations to focus on promoting self-employment of the under privileged
youth.

Through this collaboration, Hunar's trained alumni will have the opportunity to
acquire business loans for establishing or extending business enterprises,
thereby securing their and their families' future by becoming bread earners for
life. Simultaneously, this collaboration fortifies NBP's commitment to encourage
financial emancipation of un-employed youth in Pakistan thereby contributing
towards a sustainable economic growth of the country.

National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with
Hunar Foundation with theobjective to offer its alumni with the PM Youth
Business Loan (PMYBL) Scheme that will serve as an innovative plan for the
socio-economic development of youth, in an attempt to combat soaring
unemployment in the country. The scheme is aimed at empowering youth and poor
segments of population to set up small businesses thus aiding them in securing
economic empowerment.

Mr. Mudassir Khan, SEVP/Group Chief CRBG said that the creation of multiple job
opportunities signifies the strength and steadiness of overall economic
performance.

A country's capacity to generate employment depends upon its available human,
technological and financialresources, combined withinstitutional strategies to
achieve sustained economic growth.

NBP takes pride in leading the PMYBL Scheme andbeing a catalyst for employment
generation and poverty reduction.

Mr. Irtiza Kazmi, EVP/Head of Cash Management & PMYBL Coordination stated that
Pakistan being the sixth most populous country in the world is faced with the
serious issue of unemployment.

NBP's unrelenting efforts to develop the business opportunities for the
unemployed youth of Pakistan are the core component of the Bank's integrated
community strategy.

PMYBL Scheme is being promoted by NBP with a two pronged strategy of multiple
employment generation and development of the hitherto neglected SME sector.
PMYBL Scheme focuses on sustainable growth and development of youth through
increasing productivity by supporting innovation and youth entrepreneurship.

Nageen Rizvi, VP/ Unit Head Marketing & Promotion, added that 60% of Pakistani
population comprises of Youth. No Public or Private sector has the capacity to
create enough jobs to absorb the youth boom. With no opportunities the youth
succumb to other measures of income generation.

PMYBL Scheme has been designed to empower the youth to create their own
employment and earn a respectable living. NBP being the Nation's Bank is
focusing on creation of more and better job opportunities for men and women
based on internal markets, and communities which are main source of fostering
productivity, entrepreneurship and demand driven skills.

Speaking at the occasion Mr. Javed Hassan, CEO Hunar Foundation said "The vision
of Hunar Foundation is to see a Skilled Pakistan. We take great pains to provide
technical training to young men and women from lesser privileged areas of the
country and have them certified by globally recognized accreditation like City &
Guilds, UK.

Another aim is to make them well rounded individuals by teaching them Life
Skills, Basic English and Maths and preparing them for interviews. We appreciate
the initiativeof NBP in providing Hunar Foundation's Alumni loans to set up own
businesses, and I personally thank Mr. Mudassir Khan and his organization for
taking this initiative."

National Bank of Pakistan's endeavor to uplift the economic condition of the
common man and create more jobs for the unemployed youth of the country has come
to fruition with their leading role in the Prime Minister Youth Business Loans
Scheme. This is the 10th Corporate Alliance of NBP for PMYBL Scheme, as an
effort to reach out to the under privileged skilled labor and overcome the
challenges of under financed unemployed youth of Pakistan.

This Scheme is being offered to Pakistani residents within the age group of
21-45 years at 6% mark up p.a., for a period of up to 8 years (including 1 year
grace period for Principal repayment) with no limitation on business sectors.

Hunar Foundation was founded by a concerned and dedicated group of individuals.
Hunar Foundation is the only nationwide vocational training institute; it
currently has four campuses, one for women, and plans to expand to over 30 in
the next four years.

The vision is "to create a new cadre of skilled Pakistanis with internationally
recognized technical qualifications that will open a new world of opportunities
for employment and entrepreneurship" or more simply put - A Skilled Pakistan.

The key objective of Hunar Foundation is to provide school leavers and other
young men and women from less privileged areas with international standard
vocational training that meets the expectations of the market, leading to
employment or small business creation ? and eventually economic freedom and
empowerment.

Hunar Foundation, which also has chapters in US and UK, is the pioneer in
bringing international certification in vocational skills to Pakistan by
introducing City & Guilds, UK. Achieving this certification allows young men &
women to also qualify for potential jobs abroad.

Besides local donor agencies international donors like British Asian Trust and
AusAid have partnered with Hunar Foundation in its ambition to create a Skilled
Pakistan

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

8pc mark-up

BYLINE:  ZAKIA AWAN - Lahore

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. LXVII No. 343

LENGTH: 143  words


RECENTLY Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has inaugurated business loan scheme for
youth with a ray of hope to open new avenues for unsettled, unemployed and
jobless youths.

While addressing the youth, the prime minister said that through the business
loan he wanted to empower the youth to play their positive and active role in
the progress and prosperity of the country.

According to the prime minister, the step had been taken particularly for the
youths because they were the bright future of the country.

But with this great opportunity, the government announced the business loan
facility with an 8pc mark-up, which is unjustified.

If the government is really interested in taking steps for the welfare of the
youth, as well as for the prosperity, dignity and honour of the country, it
should then have announced interest-free business loan facility for the youth.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

8pc mark-up

BYLINE:  ZAKIA AWAN - Lahore

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. LXVII No. 343

LENGTH: 143  words


RECENTLY Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has inaugurated business loan scheme for
youth with a ray of hope to open new avenues for unsettled, unemployed and
jobless youths.

While addressing the youth, the prime minister said that through the business
loan he wanted to empower the youth to play their positive and active role in
the progress and prosperity of the country.

According to the prime minister, the step had been taken particularly for the
youths because they were the bright future of the country.

But with this great opportunity, the government announced the business loan
facility with an 8pc mark-up, which is unjustified.

If the government is really interested in taking steps for the welfare of the
youth, as well as for the prosperity, dignity and honour of the country, it
should then have announced interest-free business loan facility for the youth.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             January 3, 2016 Sunday

Govt empowering youth through education and skill: Makhdoom Adeel

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, Jan. 3 -- text; display block; font-family 'Courier New', Courier,
monospace, arial, sans-serif; font-size 14px; margin 0px; white-space pre-wrap;
word-wrap break-word; color rgb(0, 0, 0); font-style normal; font-variant
normal; font-weight normal; letter-spacing normal; line-height normal; orphans
auto; text-align left; text-indent 0px; text-transform none; widows 1;
word-spacing 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width 0px; background-color rgb(255, 255,
255);">

ISLAMABAD Chief coordinator, Prime Minister's

Youth Programme, Makhdoom Adeel-ur-Rehman has said the biggest

priority of the government was to empower country's youth and women

through education and skills.

To address this challenge, the Government was focused on

educating the youth with particular focus on girls' education.

Talking to media he said current government was providing

technical training to unskilled youth adding government was working

round the clock to promote education and bring peace in the country,

he added.

He said that work was also being carried out to

standardize and streamline the three strands of educational system

in Pakistan like public, private and madrassah.

"Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would

make it prosperous and enlightened adding youth all over the world

through history, has been a revolutionary force," he said.

It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a

nation going through hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do

wonders if availed, trained, educated and informed in an optimum

fashion, Makhdoom further added.

To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under

the Prime Minister Youth Programme and declared that these were

bearing fruits too, as some of the young women who got loan after

first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan Scheme, had returned

their first installment, which was due after one year on getting the

loan.

To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted

to financially empower women and added that women were running day

care centres, dealing in e-business of garments etc after getting

loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with men.

The chief coordinator further said that the nation could

only progress by making Pakistan a knowledge based country and added

that by launching laptop computer scheme last year, the government

had already brought a silent revolution in education sector

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Ambitious plan: Govt increases BISP fund by Rs5 billion

LENGTH: 438  words


The government has announced an ambitious annual plan for alleviating poverty
and creating more jobs, involving steps that may have a far reaching impact on
the lives of people.

In the new budget, the government has increased the amount for Benazir Income
Support Programme (BISP) from Rs97 billion for fiscal year 2014-15 to Rs102
billion for 2015-16. The number of BISP beneficiaries increased rose to five
million during 2014-15.

Finance Minister Ishaq Dar pledged to provide medical support to deserving
people for treatment of critical diseases under the Prime Minister's Health
Insurance Scheme. "Premium cost of this scheme would be Rs90 billion," he said.
The scheme is to be launched in 23 districts initially and will later be
expanded to provide this facility to 60 per cent of the country's poor. Another
Rs4 billion is to be allocated for Pakistan Baitul Maal.

PM's schemes

The government has allocated Rs20 billion in fiscal 2015-16 under Prime
Minister's Special Schemes for eradicating extreme poverty and accelerating the
pace of the Million Development Goals (MDG) at the grass root level.

These schemes include the PM Youth Loan Scheme, the PM Youth Skills Development
Scheme, the PM Interest Free Loan Scheme, the PM's Fee Reimbursement Scheme for
Less Developed Areas, the PM's Youth Training Scheme and the PM's Scheme for
Provision of Laptops. The PM's Interest-Free Loans Scheme provides small loans
to people ranking below 40 poverty score card, who have no access to banks or
other departments for such loans.

The PM Youth Skills Development Scheme provides employment opportunities to
20,000 youth after giving them technical and vocational training. Under the PM
Fee Reimbursement Scheme, the government bears study expenditures of the
students who are doing masters or PhD from Higher Education Commission
recognised institutions. During the last year, the scheme has benefitted 41,781
students. The PM Youth Training Scheme would provide internship to youth having
16 years education in order to increase their abilities and open up employment
opportunities for them. The scheme will be initiated during the year 2015-16.

Creation of jobs

The government plans to launch special schemes and offer incentives to companies
for creating employment. The National Vocational and Technical Training
Commission (NAVTTC) will initiate the PM's Youth Skill Development Programme to
train 25,000 jobless youth in six months in six market-oriented trades and
courses.

Published in The Express Tribune, June 6th, 2015.

The post Ambitious plan: Govt increases BISP fund by Rs5 billion appeared first
on The Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

GOVT EMPOWERING YOUTH THROUGH EDUCATION AND SKILL

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 4

LENGTH: 317  words


Chief coordinator, Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Makhdoom Adeel-ur-Rehman
has said the biggest priority of the government was to empower country's youth
and women through education and skills. To address this challenge, the
Government was focused on educating the youth with particular focus on girls'
education.

Talking to media he said current government was providing technical training to
unskilled youth adding government was working round the clock to promote
education and bring peace in the country, he added.

He said that work was also being carried out to standardize and streamline the
three strands of educational system in Pakistan like public, private and
madrassah.

Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would make it prosperous and
enlightened adding youth all over the world through history, has been a
revolutionary force, he said.

It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a nation going through
hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do wonders if availed, trained,
educated and informed in an optimum fashion, Makhdoom further added.

To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under the Prime Minister
Youth Programme and declared that these were bearing fruits too, as some of the
young women who got loan after first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan
Scheme, had returned their first installment, which was due after one year on
getting the loan.

To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted to financially empower
women and added that women were running day care centres, dealing in e-business
of garments etc after getting loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with
men.

The chief coordinator further said that the nation could only progress by making
Pakistan a knowledge based country and added that by launching laptop computer
scheme last year, the government had already brought a silent revolution in
education sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                January 17, 2013

Kaduna Micro-Credit Management to Train 600 Youths On Skills Acquisition

BYLINE: Christiana T. Alabi

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: Kaduna


As part of efforts to pull out youths from the streets, the Executive Secretary
of Kaduna State Industrial Micro-credit management, Edward Pecey, has disclosed
that 600 youths would be trained by the board on different skills acquisition.

Edward said this yesterday while defending the 2013 budget before the state
House of Assembly, noting that 200 youths would be selected from each of the
three senatorial districts of the state for the training and that preference
would be given to women in rural areas.

He further explained that the training is aimed at reducing youths' restiveness
by pulling them from the streets and making them self reliant and responsible,
noting that the best vehicle that can be used to reach the youths is the
micro-credit board.

According to him, N500 million has been proposed for the programme, explaining
that while N50 million would be used for the training, the bulk of the N450
million would be used for the revolving loan. The board, he said, will work
closely with NDE and Ministry of Labour and Productivity to achieve the desired
success.

He also stated that plans are ongoing to give soft loans ranging from N5,000 -
N20,000 to traders in the localities to help boost their businesses.

"The micro-credit loan is what can reach people at the grassroots and that is
why we have come up with a policy to train people from all villages, wards,
districts and local governments. After training them, we will counsel them and
give loans to those who will be interested because we don't want a situation
whereby we will just give out loans without training. We will be more
comfortable to give loans to people who are trained," he stressed.

On how to reach the people in the rural areas, Pecey noted that the board will
carry out a sensitization campaign to all emirs and chiefs so that they can be
aware of the programme as well as encourage the people.

The chairman, House Committee on Commerce and Industry, Mohammed Bello Shuaibu,
assured the board of its support towards achieving success of the programme,
noting that such programme will help to reach local women.

"The issue of giving out money to people generally should be a thing of the
past. It is better to teach people how to fish than giving them fish," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 28, 2016 Thursday 1:14 PM GMT

Chelsea aim to retain teenager Dominic Solanke despite contract impasse;
· 18-year-old's stepfather seeking new £50,000-a-week deal · Striker has made
just one senior appearance for Chelsea

BYLINE: Dominic Fifield

SECTION: FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 900 words


The two-time FA Youth Cup winning coach, Joe Edwards, insists Chelsea retain
high hopes for striker Dominic Solanke's future at the club despite discussions
over a new contract having hit an impasse.

Solanke, 18, has spent this season on loan at Vitesse Arnhem, scoring seven
times in 24 appearances, and has a little over 12 months to run on his deal at
Stamford Bridge.

His stepfather is handling negotiations over prolonging his stay at the club,
but has started talks seeking wages of around £50,000-a-week - effectively a
seven-fold rise on his first £7,000-a-week professional contract signed in
September 2014 - and guarantees of first-team football.

The prolific forward, who scored over 40 goals at junior level last term, has
made a solitary senior appearance for Chelsea, in a Champions League fixture
against Maribor under José Mourinho, but remains highly regarded within the
youth set-up at Stamford Bridge.

Edwards, who steered the U18s to a fifth FA Youth Cup in seven years by beating
Manchester City on Wednesday, is to start a 12-month secondment with the club's
recruitment department next season, dealing primarily with players out on loan,
and could yet find himself monitoring another of Solanke's temporary spells away
from Chelsea.

"The relevant people working as part of Dom's development programme will sit
down and discuss what is best for him once he has finished up at Vitesse
Arnhem," said Edwards, who has seen the striker develop at the club from the
Under-8 age group.

Related:  Chelsea beat Manchester City to win FA Youth Cup and maintain grip on
trophy

"But he's definitely one of the boys we've got high hopes for and, hopefully,
whether it's this coming season or further down the line, he'll be one [who
makes his mark at Chelsea]. I think there are several who can. And we saw with
Marcus Rashford at Manchester United that you won't see properly what they can
do until you put him in."

Chelsea's established strategy is to loan players - there have been over 30 on
temporary deals away from the club this season - once they have graduated from
the Under-18 and Under-19 set-ups to gain regular experience in senior football.

Of the side that won last season's FA Youth Cup, Izzy Brown, Solanke and Charly
Musonda have progressed into first-teams on loan this year, while Jake
Clarke-Salter has enjoyed a cameo in the Premier League. The young centre-half
and Jay Dasilva have now joined Sir Bobby Charlton, Tony Hawksworth, Wilf
McGuiness, Eddie Colman and Duncan Edwards as three-time FA Youth Cup winners.

Discussions will take place at the end of the season over the next stage of
their development, though the likes of Dasilva and Clarke-Salter may be joined
by the impressive Fikayo Tomori and Tammy Abraham in securing loans for next
year. The 26-goal striker Abraham was already the subject of one bid from an
unnamed club who were in a Champions League qualification place back in January.

"They have achieved a lot," said Edwards, who will also work with the England
youth teams as part of his Uefa Pro Licence next year. "This is the Under-18
Youth Cup, but a lot of the players have played Under-21 and Under-19 football
for a couple of seasons now. I'd say there are a few in this group who are ready
to step in and have a go at senior football, and that's what this period at the
end of the season is about now.

"We'll sit down as a group of staff and it's case-by-case for each player to see
what they are ready for. If it's a loan it's what level? What league they are
going to go to? So we'll sit down and that's part of the new role I'm looking
forward to. I'll be involved with the loan players. So that relationship with
some of the youth players, hopefully I'll be able to maintain it on their
journey with them."

There is an eagerness at Chelsea to bring through the "next John Terry" into the
first-team - the outgoing captain having effectively been the last youth-team
product to make a prolonged impact in the senior side. Yet the hierarchy, led by
the technical director Michael Emenalo and the head of youth development, Neil
Bath, have been at pains to stress the need for patience to youth players, as
well as their parents and agents, as they seek to progress.

Wages have escalated, while some players have opted to move on seeking clearer
pathways into first-teams elsewhere. Domingos Qina joined West Ham last week,
while doubts surround the future of Ola Aina, who is out of contract in June.

"Every player is case-by-case and there will be different reasons for each
player as to why they didn't nail down a senior place," added Edwards. "There's
pressure at every club in the Premier League. It's not just us where it is
difficult: it's becoming more and more difficult probably with the resources all
the clubs have now.

"And yet at every stadium in the country I go to, when a young player's name is
read out over the Tannoy, it often gets the biggest cheer. We've seen that now
with Ruben Loftus-Cheek and others. But there will be plenty of dialogue with
the new first-team coach [Antonio Conte] when he comes in, and there have been
at least four or five academy players on the first-team training pitches every
day.

"There'll be at least a dozen on the pre-season tour [to Austria and the United
States], and every opportunity those boys get in front of the first-team
manager, they have to make an impact. That's all we can ask for."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 28, 2016 Thursday 10:07 AM GMT

Chelsea aim to retain teenager Dominic Solanke despite contract impasse;
· 18-year-old's stepfather seeking new £50,000-a-week deal · Striker has made
just one senior appearance for Chelsea

BYLINE: Dominic Fifield

SECTION: FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 900 words


The two-time FA Youth Cup winning coach, Joe Edwards, insists Chelsea retain
high hopes for striker Dominic Solanke's future at the club despite discussions
over a new contract having hit an impasse.

Solanke, 18, has spent this season on loan at Vitesse Arnhem, scoring seven
times in 24 appearances, and has a little over 12 months to run on his deal at
Stamford Bridge.

His stepfather is handling negotiations over prolonging his stay at the club,
but has started talks seeking wages of around £50,000-a-week - effectively a
seven-fold rise on his first £7,000-a-week professional contract signed in
September 2014 - and guarantees of first-team football.

The prolific forward, who scored over 40 goals at junior level last term, has
made a solitary senior appearance for Chelsea, in a Champions League fixture
against Maribor under José Mourinho, but remains highly regarded within the
youth set-up at Stamford Bridge.

Edwards, who steered the U18s to a fifth FA Youth Cup in seven years by beating
Manchester City on Wednesday, is to start a 12-month secondment with the club's
recruitment department next season, dealing primarily with players out on loan,
and could yet find himself monitoring another of Solanke's temporary spells away
from Chelsea.

"The relevant people working as part of Dom's development programme will sit
down and discuss what is best for him once he has finished up at Vitesse
Arnhem," said Edwards, who has seen the striker develop at the club from the
Under-8 age group.

Related:  Chelsea beat Manchester City to win FA Youth Cup and maintain grip on
trophy

"But he's definitely one of the boys we've got high hopes for and, hopefully,
whether it's this coming season or further down the line, he'll be one [who
makes his mark at Chelsea]. I think there are several who can. And we saw with
Marcus Rashford at Manchester United that you won't see properly what they can
do until you put him in."

Chelsea's established strategy is to loan players - there have been over 30 on
temporary deals away from the club this season - once they have graduated from
the Under-18 and Under-19 set-ups to gain regular experience in senior football.

Of the side that won last season's FA Youth Cup, Izzy Brown, Solanke and Charly
Musonda have progressed into first-teams on loan this year, while Jake
Clarke-Salter has enjoyed a cameo in the Premier League. The young centre-half
and Jay Dasilva have now joined Sir Bobby Charlton, Tony Hawksworth, Wilf
McGuiness, Eddie Colman and Duncan Edwards as three-time FA Youth Cup winners.

Discussions will take place at the end of the season over the next stage of
their development, though the likes of Dasilva and Clarke-Salter may be joined
by the impressive Fikayo Tomori and Tammy Abraham in securing loans for next
year. The 26-goal striker Abraham was already the subject of one bid from an
unnamed club who were in a Champions League qualification place back in January.

"They have achieved a lot," said Edwards, who will also work with the England
youth teams as part of his Uefa Pro Licence next year. "This is the Under-18
Youth Cup, but a lot of the players have played Under-21 and Under-19 football
for a couple of seasons now. I'd say there are a few in this group who are ready
to step in and have a go at senior football, and that's what this period at the
end of the season is about now.

"We'll sit down as a group of staff and it's case-by-case for each player to see
what they are ready for. If it's a loan it's what level? What league they are
going to go to? So we'll sit down and that's part of the new role I'm looking
forward to. I'll be involved with the loan players. So that relationship with
some of the youth players, hopefully I'll be able to maintain it on their
journey with them."

There is an eagerness at Chelsea to bring through the "next John Terry" into the
first-team - the outgoing captain having effectively been the last youth-team
product to make a prolonged impact in the senior side. Yet the hierarchy, led by
the technical director Michael Emenalo and the head of youth development, Neil
Bath, have been at pains to stress the need for patience to youth players, as
well as their parents and agents, as they seek to progress.

Wages have escalated, while some players have opted to move on seeking clearer
pathways into first-teams elsewhere. Domingos Qina joined West Ham last week,
while doubts surround the future of Ola Aina, who is out of contract in June.

"Every player is case-by-case and there will be different reasons for each
player as to why they didn't nail down a senior place," added Edwards. "There's
pressure at every club in the Premier League. It's not just us where it is
difficult: it's becoming more and more difficult probably with the resources all
the clubs have now.

"And yet at every stadium in the country I go to, when a young player's name is
read out over the Tannoy, it often gets the biggest cheer. We've seen that now
with Ruben Loftus-Cheek and others. But there will be plenty of dialogue with
the new first-team coach [Antonio Conte] when he comes in, and there have been
at least four or five academy players on the first-team training pitches every
day.

"There'll be at least a dozen on the pre-season tour [to Austria and the United
States], and every opportunity those boys get in front of the first-team
manager, they have to make an impact. That's all we can ask for."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 28, 2016 Thursday 9:30 AM GMT

Chelsea aim to retain teenager Dominic Solanke despite contract impasse;
· 18-year-old's stepfather seeking new £50,000-a-week deal · Striker has made
just one senior appearance for Chelsea

BYLINE: Dominic Fifield

SECTION: FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 900 words


The two-time FA Youth Cup winning coach, Joe Edwards, insists Chelsea retain
high hopes for striker Dominic Solanke's future at the club despite discussions
over a new contract having hit an impasse.

Solanke, 18, has spent this season on loan at Vitesse Arnhem, scoring seven
times in 24 appearances, and has a little over 12 months to run on his deal at
Stamford Bridge.

His stepfather is handling negotiations over prolonging his stay at the club,
but has started talks seeking wages of around £50,000-a-week - effectively a
seven-fold rise on his first £7,000-a-week professional contract signed in
September 2014 - and guarantees of first-team football.

The prolific forward, who scored over 40 goals at junior level last term, has
made a solitary senior appearance for Chelsea, in a Champions League fixture
against Maribor under José Mourinho, but remains highly regarded within the
youth set-up at Stamford Bridge.

Edwards, who steered the U18s to a fifth FA Youth Cup in seven years by beating
Manchester City on Wednesday, is to start a 12-month secondment with the club's
recruitment department next season, dealing primarily with players out on loan,
and could yet find himself monitoring another of Solanke's temporary spells away
from Chelsea.

"The relevant people working as part of Dom's development programme will sit
down and discuss what is best for him once he has finished up at Vitesse
Arnhem," said Edwards, who has seen the striker develop at the club from the
Under-8 age group.

Related:  Chelsea beat Manchester City to win FA Youth Cup and maintain grip on
trophy

"But he's definitely one of the boys we've got high hopes for and, hopefully,
whether it's this coming season or further down the line, he'll be one [who
makes his mark at Chelsea]. I think there are several who can. And we saw with
Marcus Rashford at Manchester United that you won't see properly what they can
do until you put him in."

Chelsea's established strategy is to loan players - there have been over 30 on
temporary deals away from the club this season - once they have graduated from
the Under-18 and Under-19 set-ups to gain regular experience in senior football.

Of the side that won last season's FA Youth Cup, Izzy Brown, Solanke and Charly
Musonda have progressed into first-teams on loan this year, while Jake
Clarke-Salter has enjoyed a cameo in the Premier League. The young centre-half
and Jay Dasilva have now joined Sir Bobby Charlton, Tony Hawksworth, Wilf
McGuiness, Eddie Colman and Duncan Edwards as three-time FA Youth Cup winners.

Discussions will take place at the end of the season over the next stage of
their development, though the likes of Dasilva and Clarke-Salter may be joined
by the impressive Fikayo Tomori and Tammy Abraham in securing loans for next
year. The 26-goal striker Abraham was already the subject of one bid from an
unnamed club who were in a Champions League qualification place back in January.

"They have achieved a lot," said Edwards, who will also work with the England
youth teams as part of his Uefa Pro Licence next year. "This is the Under-18
Youth Cup, but a lot of the players have played Under-21 and Under-19 football
for a couple of seasons now. I'd say there are a few in this group who are ready
to step in and have a go at senior football, and that's what this period at the
end of the season is about now.

"We'll sit down as a group of staff and it's case-by-case for each player to see
what they are ready for. If it's a loan it's what level? What league they are
going to go to? So we'll sit down and that's part of the new role I'm looking
forward to. I'll be involved with the loan players. So that relationship with
some of the youth players, hopefully I'll be able to maintain it on their
journey with them."

There is an eagerness at Chelsea to bring through the "next John Terry" into the
first-team - the outgoing captain having effectively been the last youth-team
product to make a prolonged impact in the senior side. Yet the hierarchy, led by
the technical director Michael Emenalo and the head of youth development, Neil
Bath, have been at pains to stress the need for patience to youth players, as
well as their parents and agents, as they seek to progress.

Wages have escalated, while some players have opted to move on seeking clearer
pathways into first-teams elsewhere. Domingos Qina joined West Ham last week,
while doubts surround the future of Ola Aina, who is out of contract in June.

"Every player is case-by-case and there will be different reasons for each
player as to why they didn't nail down a senior place," added Edwards. "There's
pressure at every club in the Premier League. It's not just us where it is
difficult: it's becoming more and more difficult probably with the resources all
the clubs have now.

"And yet at every stadium in the country I go to, when a young player's name is
read out over the Tannoy, it often gets the biggest cheer. We've seen that now
with Ruben Loftus-Cheek and others. But there will be plenty of dialogue with
the new first-team coach [Antonio Conte] when he comes in, and there have been
at least four or five academy players on the first-team training pitches every
day.

"There'll be at least a dozen on the pre-season tour [to Austria and the United
States], and every opportunity those boys get in front of the first-team
manager, they have to make an impact. That's all we can ask for."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, July 16 -- The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven
development schemes for motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on
construction of district youth centres, stipend for jobless and launching of
skill development programme to make best use of their potential. To provide
career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns. An official of Finance Department told media on Monday that Youth
Marakaz will be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of
universities and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent. He said work on
these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose. In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill
Development Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has
planned to launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the
government will bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students
aged 18-25, who undergoes technical training. He said the government would spent
Rs 100 million in current fiscal year. Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being
established to encourage local entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2
million seed money for 50 top business proposals prepared by young business
planning youth that would be assessed through a transparent system of
competition, adding Rs 120 million has been allocated in the budget. The
government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget. Khud Kifalat
interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to which an
interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years. He said the loan
shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors and Rs 2.7 billion
has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14. Madrasa interest free micro
finance credit scheme has been planned under which an interest free loan of Rs
25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12 backward districts to be
selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of Rs 1 billion has been
allocated for this purpose during 2013-14. Ranrra solar energy initiative loan
is also being launched under which a loan upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a
period of 6 years with 1 year grace period shall be granted to bonafide
residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the establishment of employment oriented
businesses in the province with debt-equity ratio of 60:40. The loan shall be
recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been allocated for
this purpose in the budget. Under the Community Driven Local Development
programme, he said a policy and governance framework for community driven local
development is being adopted by the government of KP under which funds would be
directly transferred to the village based organisations/councils that would be
monitored through strict system of performance audit. The EU has allocated Rs 1
billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall be provided by government
of KP. He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for
young people and will generate employment opportunities for them. He said the
government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because their
leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective efforts.
The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          March 17, 1987, Tuesday, WES

Pals parlayed $5,000 loan into multi-million-dollar firm

BYLINE: By Stephen White

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. W17

LENGTH: 709 words


   Two friends who parlayed a $5,000 capital loan into a multi-million-dollar
corporation are among young entrepreneurs across Metro who got their start with
public money.

Frank Gerencser and Michael Trueman started Architech Microsystems Inc. in
Mississauga in the basement of a crowded house in 1985. Both were design
engineering students at Waterloo University.

The two now employ seven people and are planning to hire more. Last year, sales
amounted to $1 million.

The company was among more than 1,600 small businesses that received loans in
1986 from the Student Venture Capital and Youth Venture Capital programs to get
new operations off the ground.

Administered by the Ontario Ministry of Skills Development, the programs provide
loans of up to $3,000 to students and $5,000 to non-students who meet the
ministry's requirements.

Committed youths

The programs have attracted a surprising number of committed youths in a broad
cross-section of undertakings, says Susan Marcus of the skills development
ministry.

In 1986, the ministry provided $4 million in youth venture loans to 826 new
enterprises and $1.6 million to 862 student businesses.

"I wouldn't have thought so many people would have gone through with it," Marcus
says of the combined program.

"But these people have turned out to be very responsible and well-motivated.
They're maintaining their businesses and even the students are carrying through
year after year."

Student venture loans are designated for operation of summer businesses.

Twenty-nine recipients of the venture capital loans received awards earlier this
month from Skills Development Minister Greg Sorbara for the successes they made
of the businesses they started with the money.

The endeavors receiving the Start-Up awards ran the gamut from makers of duvets
and hand-painted sweatshirts to a successful and rapidly growing computer
manufacturing and service firm.

Kissing Bandits

Other partnerships include the Kissing Bandits singing-telegram service, and
Infant Overload, which provides relief workers for the child-care field.

A number of computer-related businesses were financed, as well as lumber and
manufacturing concerns.

Architech Microsystems Inc. is of course the outstanding success story among the
recipients.

"It was very much a bootstrap operation," says Gerencser.

"We started out with no financing, no family support and no help from any bank."

He and Trueman sold $75,000 worth of computers while still in university, in
their second year of selling Apple products to fellow students. They purchased
their stock upon payment. They graduated in 1984.

They applied in May, 1985, for a $5,000 Youth Venture Capital loan, which they
turned into gross sales of $275,000 in their first year.

Branching out from sales to manufacturing of IBM-PC XT and AT clones, they then
added more hardware, software, assembly and service to their stock in trade. By
the end of 1986, sales had burgeoned to $1 million, with seven people on staff.

A third partner, Hal Newson, joined them this year, and they expect to add up to
five new staff in 1987.

Architech has never placed a display advertisement in any publication but sales
continue to mount, he says, because of the recommendations passed from one
client to another in a widening circle.

Extra service to customers beyond what's required is the best way to create
word-of-mouth advertising, Gerencser says.

"Because we're up in the boonies and don't advertise, nobody calls just to kick
the tires. They call to buy a machine.

"Too many people just schlock their products - they sell you boxes (of goods),
and say 'Good luck and goodbye.' "

"We've employed ourselves and seven people since we got the (Youth Venture
Capital) loan," Gerencser says. "That's a hell of a return on $5,000."

Applicants for the loans must be 18 to 24 and not attending school, or up to 29
if recently graduated by a post-secondary institution.

Students must be over 15 and returning to school in the fall.

The loans are set up through the Metropolitan Toronto Chamber of Commerce and
the Royal Bank of Canada. Enquiries can be made toll-free at 1-800-387-0777.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              805 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Sagar asks youth to avail benefit of self-employment schemes

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Sept. 21 -- Minister for Rural Development and Panchayati Raj, Ali
Mohammad Sagar Saturday asked youth to avail maximum benefit of self-employment
schemes launched by the government.

He said by doing so youth would be creating self-employment avenues for
themselves as well as others, which would go long way in creating employment
opportunities in J&K.

Sagar made these assertions while speaking at an awareness camp organized by
Jammu and Kashmir Entrepreneurship Development Institute (EDI) regarding schemes
of National Minorities Development and Finance Corporation (NMDFC) at Peerwari,
Khanyar. The camp was sponsored by NMDFC to create awareness among masses
regarding Term Loan and Educational Loan schemes being implemented by JKEDI.

Director JKEDI, Dr. M I Parray and senior officers of various departments were
present on the occasion. Sagar said the government has launched various schemes
through institutes like JKEDI by which the prospective entrepreneurs can get
maximum monetary assistance besides other logistic support for setting up of
their units. He said that by doing so the youth would be contributing their bit
in socio-economic upliftment of their respective areas.

The Minister said that the schemes like Term Loan of NMDFC have potential to
provide youth the avenues for setting up their own small scale units and they
should avail maximum benefit out of it. He said the schemes of NMDFC have been
specially started by the Centre for the minorities and the rate of interest
under the schemes is minimal besides other incentives as well.

The Union Ministry of Minorities Affairs, GoI has framed Term Loan and
Educational Loan schemes to help people living below the poverty line earn their
livelihood in a decent manner.

These schemes are aimed to provide hassle free finance to people who want to
start small business units in their respective areas.

Under Term Loan scheme, finance up to Rs 10 lakh is provided to people from
minority communities to help them set up different entrepreneurial ventures. In
addition under the Educational Loan scheme, finance is provided to students
aspiring to do professional and technical courses within or outside J&K at a
nominal interest rate of 3 per cent.

Pertinent to mention that JKEDI has been designated as a nodal agency for NMDFC
schemes to help youth of the State setup their own income generating units and
related activities.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Govt empowering youth through education and skill: Makhdoom Adeel

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 04

LENGTH: 318  words


Chief coordinator, Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Makhdoom Adeel-ur-Rehman
has said the biggest priority of the government was to empower country's youth
and women through education and skills.

To address this challenge, the Government was focused on educating the youth
with particular focus on girls' education.

Talking to reporter he said current government was providing technical training
to unskilled youth adding government was working round the clock to promote
education and bring peace in the country, he added.

He said that work was also being carried out to standardize and streamline the
three strands of educational system in Pakistan like public, private and
madrassah.

Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would make it prosperous and
enlightened adding youth all over the world through history, has been a
revolutionary force, he said.

It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a nation going through
hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do wonders if availed, trained,
educated and informed in an optimum fashion, Makhdoom further added.

To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under the Prime Minister
Youth Programme and declared that these were bearing fruits too, as some of the
young women who got loan after first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan
Scheme, had returned their first installment, which was due after one year on
getting the loan.

To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted to financially empower
women and added that women were running day care centres, dealing in e-business
of garments etc after getting loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with
men.

The chief coordinator further said that the nation could only progress by making
Pakistan a knowledge based country and added that by launching laptop computer
scheme last year, the government had already brought a silent revolution in
education sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday

Govt empowering youth through education and skill: Makhdoom Adeel

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, Jan. 2 -- text; display block; font-family 'Courier New', Courier,
monospace, arial, sans-serif; font-size 14px; margin 0px; white-space pre-wrap;
word-wrap break-word; color rgb(0, 0, 0); font-style normal; font-variant
normal; font-weight normal; letter-spacing normal; line-height normal; orphans
auto; text-align left; text-indent 0px; text-transform none; widows 1;
word-spacing 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width 0px; background-color rgb(255, 255,
255);">

ISLAMABAD Chief coordinator, Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Makhdoom
Adeel-ur-Rehman on Friday said the biggest priority of the government was to
empower country's youth and women through education and skills.

To address this challenge, the Government was focused on educating the youth
with particular focus on girls' education.

Talking to media he said current government was providing

technical training to unskilled youth adding government was working

round the clock to promote education and bring peace in the country,

he added.

He said that work was also being carried out to

standardize and streamline the three strands of educational system

in Pakistan like public, private and madrassah.

"Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would

make it prosperous and enlightened adding youth all over the world

through history, has been a revolutionary force," he said.

It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a

nation going through hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do

wonders if availed, trained, educated and informed in an optimum

fashion, Makhdoom further added.

To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under

the Prime Minister Youth Programme and declared that these were

bearing fruits too, as some of the young women who got loan after

first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan Scheme, had returned

their first installment, which was due after one year on getting the

loan.

To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted

to financially empower women and added that women were running day

care centres, dealing in e-business of garments etc after getting

loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with men.

The chief coordinator further said that the nation could

only progress by making Pakistan a knowledge based country and added

that by launching laptop computer scheme last year, the government

had already brought a silent revolution in education sector

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                     Lake Benton Valley Journal (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

Youth project loans

BYLINE: Lake Benton Valley Journal staff

LENGTH: 288  words


The Farm Service Agency (FSA] makes operating loans of up to $5,000 to eligible
individual rural youths age 10 through 20 to finance income-producing,
agriculture-related projects. Each project must be planned and operated with the
assistance of an organization advisor, produce sufficient income to repay the
loan, and provide the youth with practical business and educational experience
in agriculture-related skills.

To qualify for a loan, the applicant must: comply with FSA's general eligibility
requirements; reside in a rural area, city or town with a population of 50,000
or fewer people; and conduct a modest income-producing project in a supervised
program of work.

These loans can finance many kinds of income-producing agricultural projects.
The loan fund may be used to:

buy livestock, seed, equipment and supplies;

buy, rent or repair needed tools and equipment; and pay operating expenses for
the project.

To apply, the applicant must submit completed plans and budgets signed by the
project advisor and parent or guardian along with the FSA application for loan
assistance. These loans:

have a maximum loan amount of $5,000;

have a low interest rate below conventional market rates;

will be secured, in addition to promissory notes, by liens on the products
produced for sale and on chattel property, including livestock, equipment and
fixtures purchased with loan funds; and have a repayment schedule which varies
depending on the type of project for which the loan is made. (For example, if
the project involves raising livestock or crops, the loan is paid when the
animals or produce are normally sold].

Other loans available through FSA--loans to beginning farmers, established
farmers, and socially disadvantaged farmers.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LBJ

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 Lake Benton Valley Journal


                              809 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         February 28, 1992, Friday, AM

Ontario honors young entrepreneurs

BYLINE: By Donna Jean MacKinnon Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 352 words


   Thirteen young entrepreneurs were honored yesterday for starting businesses
that provide everything from medical services to holographs.

The entrepreneurs honored at the Sheraton Centre used seed money from the
Ontario government's Youth Start-Up Capital program to get their businesses
going.

"The thirteen young people we are honoring today have translated their ideas
into successful businesses. In doing so, they have demonstrated initiative,
creativity and innovative thinking," said Ed Philip, minister of industry, trade
and technology. "To see them is to see Ontario's entrepreneurial spirit in its
early bloom."

The students, who operate profitable part-time businesses ranging from a summer
convenience store, run by William Chatson, 16, of Cloyne, Ont., to a window
cleaning service operated in London by Joshua Hynes, 21, were helped by a
student venture loan.

Among those recognized were people between the ages of 18 and 29 who have
started flourishing full-time businesses.

In 1987, Stephen Leafloor, for example, received a $4,000 youth venture loan
that he used to purchase equipment to start a holograph distribution company.

Last year, Leafloor's Starlight Holographic Inc., in Ottawa, grossed $325,000.

Youth venture loans range from $3,000 to $7,500 and are interest-free for the
first year. Recipients have five years to pay the loans back.

To qualify, a young person must be prepared to make a contribution equal to 20
per cent of the loan. The proposed business must operate in Ontario and be new.

According to the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Technology, in 1991, youth
venture loans helped launch 1,500 independent businesses. These businesses
created more than 5,000 jobs and generated nearly $100 million in sales.

Since 1987, 90 youth venture awards have been given for outstanding achievement.
All ninety businesses are still thriving.

The Royal Bank, which gives the venture loans and the Ontario Chamber of
Commerce, which offers advice and support to the young business people are
partners in the ministry's program.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo (Pickett): Receiving young entrepreneur honors yesterday are
(left to right) Matt Condie, Lynda Eng, Kelly Ryan, Neil Herrewynen, Manon
LeBlanc, Laurie Prete (wife of winner Perry Prete) and Stephen Leafloor.Ontario;
youth; entrepreneur; award

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              810 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday

Redtapism hits youths' self-employment bids

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, Nov. 8 -- Even as the State Government has been claiming to be
taking steps to ensure self-employment for jobless youths, redtapism has
reportedly affected processing of scores of loan applications submitted by
youngsters to start their own business.

According to reports, several files containing loan applications have not been
sent to the concerned banks for verification, leaving the candidates
disappointed. The candidates' applications have not been forwarded to banks in
as many as 20 districts during this fiscal.

The Government has set a target to facilitate 5,000 self-employment ventures
through the Odisha Khadi & Village Industries Board (OKVIB) this fiscal for
which order has been issued to provide loans to aspirants to set up 671 small
projects in all the 30 districts.

As per the decision, unemployed youths availing loans from banks would be
provided subsidy of Rs14.34 crore for projects.

Like previous year, youths at the district level had applied for loans to start
their own ventures this year. The project reports have also been submitted at
the District Industries Centres.

However, no loan application forms have been sent to the banks so far in other
districts except Angul, Bhadrak, Balangir, Boudh, Jagatsinghpur, Jharsuguda,
Nayagarh, Sambalpur and Sundargarh.

Among the above districts, 107 applications in Angul, 150 in Bhadrak, 75 in
Boudh, 78 in Jagatsinghpur, 53 in Jharsuguda, 54 in Nayagarh, 39 in Sambalpur
and 99 in Sundargarh have been scrutinised to sanction loans.

Notably, the Central Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) is providing
subsidy and technology to unemployed youths under the Prime Minister's
Employment Generation Programme (PMEGP) to start their own projects.

The amount is being provided through the OKVIB, which also imparts various
trainings to the interested entrepreneurs.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             January 3, 2016 Sunday

Govt empowering youth through education and skill: Makhdoom Adeel

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: Lahore



ISLAMABAD: Chief coordinator, Prime Minister's
Youth Programme, Makhdoom Adeel-ur-Rehman has said the biggest
priority of the government was to empower country's youth and women
through education and skills.


     To address this challenge, the Government was focused on
educating the youth with particular focus on girls' education.
       Talking to media he said current government was providing
technical training to unskilled youth adding government was working
round the clock to promote education and bring peace in the country,
he added.
       He said that work was also being carried out to
standardize and streamline the three strands of educational system
in Pakistan like public, private and madrassah.
        "Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would
make it prosperous and enlightened adding youth all over the world
through history, has been a revolutionary force," he said.
      It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a
nation going through hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do
wonders if availed, trained, educated and informed in an optimum
fashion, Makhdoom further added.
      To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under
the Prime Minister Youth Programme and declared that these were
bearing fruits too, as some of the young women who got loan after
first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan Scheme, had returned
their first installment, which was due after one year on getting the
loan.
     To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted
to financially empower women and added that women were running day
care centres, dealing in e-business of garments etc after getting
loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with men.
    The chief coordinator further said that the nation could
only progress by making Pakistan a knowledge based country and added
that by launching laptop computer scheme last year, the government
had already brought a silent revolution in education sector.


LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday

Govt empowering youth through education and skill: Makhdoom Adeel

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 02

LENGTH: 319  words


Chief coordinator, Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Makhdoom Adeel-ur-Rehman on
Friday said the biggest priority of the government was to empower country's
youth and women through education and skills.

To address this challenge, the Government was focused on educating the youth
with particular focus on girls' education.

Talking to reporter he said current government was providing technical training
to unskilled youth adding government was working round the clock to promote
education and bring peace in the country, he added.

He said that work was also being carried out to standardize and streamline the
three strands of educational system in Pakistan like public, private and
madrassah.

Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would make it prosperous and
enlightened adding youth all over the world through history, has been a
revolutionary force, he said.

It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a nation going through
hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do wonders if availed, trained,
educated and informed in an optimum fashion, Makhdoom further added.

To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under the Prime Minister
Youth Programme and declared that these were bearing fruits too, as some of the
young women who got loan after first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan
Scheme, had returned their first installment, which was due after one year on
getting the loan.

To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted to financially empower
women and added that women were running day care centres, dealing in e-business
of garments etc after getting loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with
men.

The chief coordinator further said that the nation could only progress by making
Pakistan a knowledge based country and added that by launching laptop computer
scheme last year, the government had already brought a silent revolution in
education sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             January 1, 2016 Friday

Govt for empowering youth through education and skill: Makhdoom Adeel

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 01

LENGTH: 321  words


Chief coordinator, Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Makhdoom Adeel-ur-Rehman
Thursday said the biggest priority of the government was to empower our youth
and women through education and skills.

To address this challenge, the Government of Pakistan was focused on educating
the youth with particular focus on girls' education.

Talking to reporter he said current government was providing technical training
to unskilled youth adding government was working round the clock to promote
education and bring peace in the country, he added.

He further said that work was also being carried out to standardize and
streamline the three strands of educational system in Pakistan i.e. public,
private and madrassah.

Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would make it prosperous and
enlightened adding youth all over the world through history, has been a
revolutionary force, he said.

It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a nation going through
hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do wonders if availed, trained,
educated and informed in an optimum fashion, Makhdoom further added.

To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under the Prime Minister
Youth Programme and declared that these were bearing fruits too, as some of the
young women who got loan after first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan
Scheme, had returned their first installment, which was due after one year on
getting the loan.

To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted to financially empower
women and added that women were running day care centres, dealing in e-business
of garments etc after getting loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with
men.

The chief coordinator further said that the nation could only progress by making
Pakistan a knowledge based country and added that by launching laptop computer
scheme last year, the government had already brought a silent revolution in
education sector.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                                 July 23, 2012

Credit for Young Entrepreneurs in Kunene

LENGTH: 294 words


The National Youth Council (NYC) in the Kunene Region will launch the Credit for
Youth in Business (CYB) programme in the Kunene and Omusati regions next month.

"It is aimed at supporting youths who are involved in business activities -
those without adequate collateral - to encourage them in their efforts to access
loans from the mainstream banking sector in order to expand their businesses and
create additional employment opportunities to address poverty," said Mogale
Karimbue, the Kunene regional coordinator for the NYC.

Karimbue told Nampa in an interview on Friday that the launch of the CYB will
take place on August 25 in Khorixas, during the first-ever Kunene Regional Youth
Enterprise Expo.

He said N$750 000 was donated by the Namibia Port Authority (Namport) in April
this year towards the CYB in both regions. He said the donation will be used
over a period of four years - 2012 to 2016.

The CYB programme has already been implemented in the regions of Omaheke,
Caprivi, Kavango, Ohangwena, Karas, Hardap, Otjozondjupa and Oshana since 2008.

Karimbue invited the youths of the two regions to start contacting the offices
of the NYC to be advised on how to apply for the loans.

All youths between 18 years and 35, with existing businesses, are eligible to
apply for the CYB programme.

The loans are divided in three categories - the first is a loan between N$3 000
and N$6 000, the second N$6 001 to N$14 000, and the third (N$14 001 to N$20
00).

The youths have to pay back the money of the first category in order to qualify
for the second and third categories.

The CYB loans will be facilitated by the constituencies, and all six
constituencies in the Kunene Region sent officials, who will deal with the CYB
programme, for training this month in Outjo.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                               September 18, 1996

189 youths get RM4.19m from fund for business

SECTION: National; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: Prai


PRAI, Tues. - The Youth and Sports Ministry has disbursed RM4.19 million
to 189 youths over the past five months from its Youth Economic
Development Fund, Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin said today.

He said the amount was about 110 per cent more than the Government's RM2
million annual allocation for the fund prior to freezing of disbursements
in 1994.

"Since the re-launching of the fund in March this year, we have given
out a total of RM4.19 million.

"The increase shows the Government's commitment to boost the
participation of youths in business."

He said this in a speech read by his deputy Datuk Loke Yuen Yow at a
briefing on the fund at the State Agricultural Exposition site in Seberang
Jaya.

More than 200 youths from several organisations attended the briefing.

Also present were State Youth and Sports Committee chairwoman Koay Kar
Huah, Youth and Sports director Lee Hang Soon and State Youth Council
president Tan Gim Soon.

At the function, Loke also gave RM270,000 in interest-free loans to 10
youths who had applied for between RM14,000 and RM44,000 each to start or
expand their business. Altogether 17 applications were received by the
ministry.

The fund was launched in October 1987. However, disbursements were
stopped two years ago due to the failure of many youths to repay their
loans.

Muhyiddin said following the re-launch, the ministry had embarked on a
three-pronged approach to ensure the success of youths participating in
the programme.

He said these included entrepreneurship training, providing start-up
capital and business guidance.

"By the year 2000, youths will comprise more than 40 per cent of the
country's population.

"They are our future leaders and we need to provide them with various
skills including in business to ensure they contribute towards nation
building," he said, adding that the increase in the fund's annual
allocation showed the Government was confident in their business acumen.

The ministry has also relaxed certain requirements for those interested
in obtaining loans up to RM50,000.

They included lower monthly repayments of between RM100 and RM1,500 each
depending on the amount borrowed and faster loan approval.


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1996 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              816 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday

Govt empowering youth through education and skill: Makhdoom Adeel

LENGTH: 326 words

DATELINE: Lahore



ISLAMABAD: Chief coordinator, Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Makhdoom
Adeel-ur-Rehman on Friday said the biggest priority of the government was to
empower country's youth and women through education and skills.


     To address this challenge, the Government was focused on educating the
youth with particular focus on girls' education.
       Talking to media he said current government was providing
technical training to unskilled youth adding government was working
round the clock to promote education and bring peace in the country,
he added.
       He said that work was also being carried out to
standardize and streamline the three strands of educational system
in Pakistan like public, private and madrassah.
        "Pakistani youth was the future of the country who would
make it prosperous and enlightened adding youth all over the world
through history, has been a revolutionary force," he said.
      It is the precious asset and opulence that can revive a
nation going through hard time, he said. Youth of a Nation can do
wonders if availed, trained, educated and informed in an optimum
fashion, Makhdoom further added.
      To a question he mentioned various schemes launched under
the Prime Minister Youth Programme and declared that these were
bearing fruits too, as some of the young women who got loan after
first balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan Scheme, had returned
their first installment, which was due after one year on getting the
loan.
     To another query Makhdoom said that the government wanted
to financially empower women and added that women were running day
care centres, dealing in e-business of garments etc after getting
loan and were working shoulder to shoulder with men.
    The chief coordinator further said that the nation could
only progress by making Pakistan a knowledge based country and added
that by launching laptop computer scheme last year, the government
had already brought a silent revolution in education sector.


LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

PM Youth Loan Scheme begins

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: GILGIT


The Prime Minister Youth Business Loans Scheme to provide the youth with loans
of up to Rs2 million was kickstarted on Friday.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif made an announcement in this regard while addressing
the party workers here. He said that the scheme was being launched to help the
youth stand on their feet. He said that this loan scheme had been extended to
Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).



Sharing the main features of the scheme[#x201a] the prime minister said that
skilled and educated youth, both male and female, could obtain loans up to two
million rupees.

Nawaz Sharif made it clear that transparency would be ensured in development
schemes to bring prosperity in the lives of the common people.

He reiterated his commitment for the development of Gilgit Baltistan and said
that work on Diamer-Bhasha and Dasu dams would be immediately started while work
on Bunji Dam would also be started soon. These projects[#x201a] he said[#x201a]
would produce over 15,000 megawatt of electricity.

The prime minister said that the government's focus was on the development of
Gilgit-Baltistan and soon this area would be bracketed among the developed areas
of the country.

Announcing a number of development schemes for Gilgit-Baltistan[#x201a] the
prime minister said that a cardiac centre would be established in Gilgit so that
heart patients might not go to Islamabad and the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for
treatment.

He also announced establishment of a special police force for Gilgit-Baltistan,
saying it would be equipped with the latest weapons and equipment in order to
deal with security issues in the area.

He said that the government was in the process of purchasing new aircraft for
Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) and with the procurement of these
aircraft[#x201a] the service of PIA to Skardu and Gilgit would improve.

Earlier[#x201a] the prime minister inaugurated the newly-constructed terminal at
the Gilgit Airport. He visited different parts of the building.

Speaking on the occasion[#x201a] he directed to ensure proper maintenance of the
airport and the lounge to facilitate the passengers.

The prime minister was informed that the new terminal had covered areas of over
39,000 square feet having capacity of 180 passengers.

Earlier, on his arrival, the prime minister was warmly received by the governor
and chief minister at the airport.

Meanwhile, PM Nawaz Sharif performed ground breaking for the execution of a 14.4
MW power project in Naltar.

The ground breaking ceremony was attended by GB Governor Pir Karam Ali Shah,
Chief Minister Syed Mehdi Shah and other government officials besides the
Chinese team involved in the construction of the project.

The Naltar-V Hydropower Project would be executed by a Chinese firm as
feasibility study has already been completed. The run-of-the river project would
cost Rs3.84 billion and would be completed by 2016.

Once completed, the project would help overcome the power shortage confronting
the area.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                  May 31, 2013

R2.7bn cash injection to NYDA

BYLINE: Stephen Timm

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1282 words



HIGHLIGHT: The National Youth Development Agency is making more money available,
with the help of outside agencies.


Business owners who approach the National Youth Development Agency (NYDA) for
finance will no longer have to worry about making repayments. After four years
of struggling to lend out loans to small businesses, the NYDA's board took a
decision in May that the agency would no longer give out loans.

In its place the agency will offer grants of between R1&thinsp;000 and
R100&thinsp;000 to survivalist micro firms. Previously the agency had offered
loan finance of up to R5-million. Since its launch in 2009, the agency has
struggled to collect on outstanding loans and defaults soared to 47% in 2011/12.
As the agency continued to face increasingly lower allocations from the fiscus,
its available funding to business owners has also been reduced.

The Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) and the Small Enterprise Finance
Agency (Sefa) have made R2.7-billion in loans available to young entrepreneurs
over the next five years, offering a solution to the NYDA's lending problems.

New NYDA chairperson Yershen Pillay said the agency would complement the loan
finance offered by the IDC and Sefa with business support and mentorship.
Pillay, who was appointed in March, said the agency had about R25-million that
would fund business vouchers and mentorship support and allow it to disburse
grants to about 37&thinsp;000 young people. He also said that the agency was
still considering whether to increase the limit for grants to R500&thinsp;000.

Reclaiming its credibility
 The move by the board was informed by the need to "restore credibility to the
NYDA" to fend off recent criticism that it wasted millions of rands on hosting a
number of youth conferences, he said.

The decision to drop loan finance and focus on education and skills development
was taken because only 4.6% of people between the ages of 15 and 24 derived
their income from business-related activities. But with its dismal past
experience in small business lending, questions are still being asked as to why
the NYDA is being allowed to continue with financing entrepreneurs at all.

A parliamentary reply in April by the Minister of Performance Monitoring and
Evaluation Collins Chabane revealed that of the R7.1-million in finance that the
NYDA had advanced as micro business loans in 2011/12, R3.8-million had been
deemed irrecoverable, while a further R1.4-millon had not been repaid by
borrowers.

The fact that more than half of micro-loans disbursements are irrecoverable
raises serious questions. Did these businesses shut down? Were they really
businesses to start off with? And is the move to hand out grants, rather than
loans likely to result in the same outcome?

Chabane has detailed a number of measures to collect outstanding repayments
using debt collectors and court judgments. He said some clients had already
started calling in to make the necessary offers and arrangement to settle their
outstanding loans.

Youth refuse to pay back 'government' money
 To get an idea of how the agency has struggled to lend and support young
entrepreneurs, one need only compare its performance with that of its
predecessor, the Umsobomvu Youth Fund (UYF) which merged with the National Youth
Commission to form the NYDA.

Before the NYDA took over the UYF's loan book, the fund recorded a 12.1% default
rate (for 2008/9). As of March 31 last year impairments had climbed to 47% of
the NYDA's R343.9-million book value in loans, according to the agency's 2011/12
annual report.

NYDA chief executive Steven Ngubeni has put the increasing default rate down to
a number of borrowers being reluctant during the merger between the UYF and the
commission to honour their commitments to repay loans, thinking that the UYF
would be dissolved and therefore loans would be written off. But, more
concerning, Ngubeni noted that certain loan beneficiaries had chosen to
deliberately default on their repayments.

"Some, if not most, of the young people that we have funded are not paying, not
because they are unable to pay, but because they feel entitled to the funds as
they are provided by the government," he said.

Repayments are not the only thing to have taken a knock. Loan disbursements,
jobs created or supported by funding and business vouchers handed out have also
fallen. Loans disbursed fell from R86.8-million in 2008/9 under its predecessor
to R26-million in 2011/12, while jobs supported or created through funding
dropped from about 23&thinsp;000 to 9&thinsp;000 over the same period, and
business vouchers plummeted from 12&thinsp;095 to 2&thinsp;276 during this time.
Along the way the NYDA also wound up funds that the UYF had partnered with
private-sector players FNB, Old Mutual and Business Partners.

Political pressure must be removed
 The UYF's mandate had included support to women-owned businesses, which may
have provided the NYDA's predecessor with a larger target market and mitigated
the risk, because women are often better payers of loans than men are. But the
performance still paints a poor picture of the agency's performance. Malose
Kekana, who served as chief executive of the UYF, claimed that during his
tenancy, the fund had had what he called "an obsession" with the loan book and
added that "a lot of good people" left the agency when it merged with the
National Youth Commission.

Kekana didn't want to comment on the alleged cadre deployment at the agency, but
said that the UYF had been very against political pressure to lend to anyone.

He added the agency had often received calls suggesting they lend to certain
people, but he said he had never budged. He had removed himself from credit
decisions and made it clear to staff that if he came under any political
pressure he would resign. Pillay dismissed assumptions that grants would go to
politically connected people, saying that he had visited all 14 of the NYDA
branches that will administer the grants and is confident that the necessary
checks and balances are in place.

The decision to retain a financing option at the agency, he said, is in line
with the NYDA Act 54 of 2008, which dictates that the institution provides
financial assistance to young entrepreneurs. He also played down any concern
that by providing grants, rather than loans or co-sharing grants, the NYDA may
unintentionally spur a culture of entitlement among the youth. He said that
young entrepreneurs would not be able to access a grant without a voucher for
business development support and a mentor.

"The grant programme is really designed to encourage young entrepreneurs to take
a chance and have a 'bite' at entrepreneurship as a means of livelihood. If you
fail or realise that business is not for you, then at the very least you can
start another life without having the added financial stress of loan
repayments," he explained. He said business owners who succeed and then wish to
expand their business can access further loans from the IDC or Sefa.

More funding, more value
 The IDC and Sefa funding effectively means that R540-million a year will be
available to young entrepreneurs, a whopping 15 times the R36.7-million in
finance the NYDA approved to young entrepreneurs in 2011/12.

Most valuable may be the IDC's experience in lending to business owners.
Minister of Economic Development Ebrahim Patel is certain it will add value.
"They (the NYDA) will continue to have public funds voted by Parliament and
bringing some of the business acumen of the IDC to the NYDA can only be of great
help to empower young people," said Patel.

This feature has been made possible by the Mail & Guardian's advertisers.
Contents and photographs were sourced independently by the M&G's supplements
editorial team

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 1, 1997, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Banks launch loans for the young

BYLINE: BY JOHN MCHUTCHION TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F8

LENGTH: 364 words


Young people champing at the bit to start a business stand to benefit from a new
loan and support program unveiled by the federal government and a pair of major
banks.

The federally owned Business Development Bank of Canada, in concert with the
Bank of Montreal and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, are establishing a fund
to provide entrepreneurs between 18 and 34 years old with loans of up to $
25,000.

BDC will contribute $ 30 million to the fund, while the two banks said they will
not put a cap on the total amount they are going to make available for loans.

In addition to financial support, the program will provide managerial
"mentoring" to the young entrepreneurs. For two years following the date of
loans, new business people will get advice from a BDC network of management
counsellors.

Announcing the program this week, Francois Beaudoin, president and chief
executive officer of BDC, said the program will attack youth unemployment, which
is currently much higher than the adult rate.

Beaudoin also said young people are becoming very interested in
entrepreneurship. He pointed to a recent Statistics Canada survey that found
roughly 300,000 youth business ventures in the country.

The new fund will be run as a profit-making venture and not simply as a
government-support program of handouts, said Beaudoin.

"This is a commercial venture," he said.

He added that BDC will not be guaranteeing any of the loans made by the Bank of
Montreal or CIBC.

BDC makes loans available to students during the summer months. That program has
a loan-loss percentage of about 15 per cent, Beaudoin said.

With the use of mentoring and stringent monitoring, that figure can be reduced,
he said, to cut the banks' exposure.

Youth entrepreneurship groups welcomed the new funding and support, saying that
loans are only part of the solution to the difficulties young startup companies
face.

"You can give anybody a loan, but what they do with it depends on their skills
and abilities," said David Barron, president of the Association of Collegiate
Entrepreneurs, a network of university groups for students considering starting
their own businesses.


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo (RICHARD LAUTENS) ON THE BALL: Maurice Hudon of Bank of
Montreal, left, Francois Beaudoin of Business Development Bank of Canada,
throwing ball, and Kelly Shaughnessy of CIBC promise loans for young
entrepreneurs.

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              820 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Visit our district offices for loan boost, says youth fund

BYLINE: YVONNE KAWIRA -1

LENGTH: 696  words


Thanks a lot for the good work you have been doing to help needy Kenyans.

I am 23 years old. Early last year, I opened an electrical products business in
Kawangware, Nairobi.

Owing to its impressive performance so far, I now want to expand it. However, I
need to get money from the Youth Enterprise Development Fund (YEDF) in order to
make this dream a success.

Unfortunately, I have no one to guide me on how to benefit from this resource.

Where do I start from? Help me understand.

- Bernard.

Thank you, Bernard, for lodging this business financing query with us.

It is commendable that at your age you already have a running business. It is
also encouraging that you are seeking to expand your business after assessing
its growth potential. Expansion would not only see you earn more but also create
job opportunities for other people.

We got in touch with the financier you would like to court, the Youth Enterprise
Development Fund (YEDF) with your inquiry and the organisation compiled a
statement which was also sent to your email detailing the requirements needed
before one qualifies for a loan.

The youth business financier noted that it provides affordable credit and
business development services to Kenyans aged 18-34 who are doing business.

The lender has a number of loan products meant to start and expand business.

For instance, its vuka loan product is designed for individuals or partnerships
that are already in running business and are looking for finances to expand
their enterprises.

The starting amount for this category of entrepreneurs is Sh100,000 up to a
maximum of Sh2 million.

Other credit products include group loans where beneficiaries get financing
starting at Sh50,000 up to Sh400,000.

That is not all as individuals within investment groups also have a reason to
smile since they can qualify for loans starting from Sh25,000 to Sh100,000.The
loan application procedures include having identification details such as
business registration certificates or personal identification documents such as
your national identity card or a passport.

According to YEDF, you must have a bank account preferable with one of the
preferred financial intermediaries.

Kindly visit the organisation's website to know the banks, saccos and other
financial service providers which fall in this category. The loan application
forms are collected from your preferred financial intermediary.

The work of the financial intermediary is to carry out an assessment of the
proposed business to establish its financial viability and other relevant
technical matters.

You are also expected to go for verification from your district youth officer.

Your loan repayment period is agreed upon with the select bank or sacco.

The fund has urged you to visit the nearest youth fund district office for more
information.

We hope we have helped shed light on your quest on how to get money to expand
your business.

Capital Letters wishes you success in your business.

PENNINAH'S DILEMMA

My name is Penninah.

I took Sh10,000 loan from K-Rep Bank, Moi Avenue, Mombasa, in 2008 to buy
Safaricom shares. But I have never got my share certificate nor have I ever
earned any dividend which Safaricom wires to shareholders even after clearing
the loan payment.

Who has my share certificate? Who has been earning my dividend? I have made many
visits to K-Rep Bank, Moi Avenue branch, Mombasa, but nothing seems to work.

Please assist me.

Hello Penninah,

Thank you for getting in touch with us on this issue.

On contacting Safaricom, the company noted that the identification number you
shared with us does not exist in its register of shareholders.

The company has therefore requested you to furnish it with your share allocation
details, for example, the serial number on your application form, your full name
and any other detail in your possession upon purchase of the stake in the
telecom.

The said documents would help in tracing your record in the  firm's shareholders
register.

However, Safaricom also noted that it has tried calling you through the number
you shared with us - all in vain. We hope your phone is in good working
condition.

Kindly swing into action and cooperate with Safaricom to solve this matter.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     June 10, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Business ideas for young blessed

BYLINE: MICHAEL KANE; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: BUSINESS; SMART MONEY; Pg. D1 / Front

LENGTH: 200 words


Canada's two largest banks received the blessing Monday of Premier Glen Clark
for helping young B.C. entrepreneurs who have a good business idea but no money.

Youth Business, a non-profit initiative, helps young people create their own
companies and jobs with loans averaging $ 7,500, to a maximum of $ 15,000, as
well as mentorship and networking support.

Clark joined Anne Cira, executive director of Youth Business, to launch the B.C.
program at the new downtown campus of the B.C. Institute of Technology.

Both Royal Bank and CIBC have committed $ 2.5 million each to Youth Business
across Canada during the next five years. Canadian Pacific is contributing $
250,000 during the next three years to support the B.C. initiative.

Besides the BCIT downtown site, Youth Business will launch community sites in
Victoria, Kelowna, Kamloops, Prince George, Revelstoke, Golden and Cranbrook in
the next few months.

Loan applicants must live in or near a community site, be aged 18 to 29, be
starting a full-time business, have a good business plan and have experience or
training relevant to their idea. Decisions on who receives money will be made by
volunteer business people.


LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Al Baraka Bank launches PM Youth Business Financing Scheme

BYLINE: MIAN ARSHAD

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 113

LENGTH: 497  words


Al Baraka Bank (Pakistan) Limited, Thursday, successfully launched Prime
Minister Youth Business Financing Scheme at with a commitment to provide
business financing to youth under Shariah compliance rules.

Chairperson Prime Ministers Youth Programme Ms. Leila Khan was the chief guest
serene launching ceremony while top management of AlBaraka Bank (Pakistan)
Limited including Chief Executive Officer, Shafqaat Ahmed,Chairman Adnan Ahmed
Yousif and others was also present.

Speaking on the occasion, Leila Khan assured all out support to Al Baraka Bank
of the government in execution of program in a successful manner. She also
ensured that there will be no political interference in the banks activities and
operation. She said that Prime Ministers Youth Programme is a revolutionary
programme for the socio-economic development of youth, in a bid to combat
soaring unemployment in the country. Ms Leila Khan said, "PMs Interest Free Loan
Scheme is a remarkable initiative of the PML-N Government for socio-economic
uplift of marginalized segments of society by extending them interest free loans
for setting up their own businesses".

Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Funds, the executing agency of the scheme has so
far, disbursed 29,880 loans worth Rs. 620 Million with 100% recovery rate in 154
union councils of 36 districts across Pakistan through 25 Partner organizations.
58% of the loan beneficiaries are female. Ms Leila Khan expressed satisfaction
at the current pace of loan disbursement under the scheme and encouraged PPAF to
especially focus on under developed areas of Balochistan and FATA.

She said that PMYBL scheme, being run with complete political impartiality, has
so far disbursed about Rs 4 billion among around 6000 talented people with 94
percent loan recovery. Leila Khan, Chairperson PMYBL said this while talking to
media at the launch of this scheme here on Thursday." HBL has adopted our
product as this bank will disburse some two billion rupees under PMYBL", she
expressed with satisfaction.

She told media that Sindh Bank, Habib Metro Bank Meezan bank and Summit Bank
have adopted the PMYLS,while dialogue with MCB and UBL was under process.She
said that all the private banks are autonomous bodies and are providing loans
purely on merit after verification and reviewing the business plans without any
government involvement.

Speaking on the occasion, Chief Executive Officer, Shafqaat Ahmed,Chairman Adnan
Ahmed Yousif and others highlighted salient features of the banks programs.

The origin of Islamic banking system can be traced back to the advent of Islam
when the Prophet himself carried out trading operations for his wife.

The "Mudarbah" or Islamic partnerships has been widely appreciated by the Muslim
business community for centuries but the concept of "Riba" or interest has
gained very little diligence in regular or dayto-day transactions.

At the conclusion of the ceremony, memorandum of momentum was presented to Ms
Leila by Al Baraka management.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday

Balloting for PM's Youth Business Loan to begin between 15 to 20 Feb: Hashmi

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 394

LENGTH: 187  words


Senior Coordinator for Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Program (PMYBLP),
Aqeel Najam Hashmi has said that balloting for PM's Youth Business Loan Program
would begin sometime between 15 to 20 February, 2014. Talking to official media
during his visit to some branches of National Bank of Pakistan, he said that
more than 26,000 applications had so far been received.

He said that since Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif had directed to
soften conditions of loan some changes had been made to Business Loan software.
All applications would be processed in accordance with merit and without any
discrimination, he added. "Rs.100 billion have been allocated for the program",
he said. Aqeel Hashmi further said, "we want to strengthen youth of the country
by providing them with means of living through business loans. It would help
empower the youngsters to earn their livelihood in a respectable manner. On the
occasion, Raja Ansari, Coordinator PMYBLP for Sindh, said that approximately
15,000 loan applications had been received. Daily they were getting applications
in the province between 400 to 600, he added.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Youth fund sorry for 'mix-up' in Sh500,000 loan request

BYLINE: YVONNE KAWIRA -1

LENGTH: 693  words


The Youth Enterprise Development Fund noted that there has been a mix-up in its
documentation, which led to inaccurate assessment of your application

My name is Jonathan ole Mpusia. I am 30 years old and come from Narok South. I
have a complaint about a loan application.

I applied for a loan with the Youth Enterprise Development Fund (YEDF) in May
last year. I filled the application form and attached all the necessary
documents, which included land title deed, plot title deed, motorcycle logbook,
and recent payslip for one guarantor, business plan, brief personal history,
bank statements, and M-Pesa statements.

I applied for a loan of Sh500,000. The application was approved at the regional
office in Nakuru and forwarded to the headquarters in Nairobi.

But to my surprise, the application was returned to me recently for the second
time, stating that the title deed belonged to a community, which is not the
case.

I even attached a certificate of official search from the Land Ministry, which
clearly indicates that the land and plot belong to me and are free from any
caution or restriction.

YEDF was established to unleash youth potential for entrepreneurship by giving
them loans without security.

But, as it turns out, I have not qualified for that loan despite the above
securities. What happens then to desperate youths who do not have anything at
all?

Please address this issue once and for all so that we stop wasting time and
resources making applications that are never considered.

- Jonathan Mpusia.

Thank you, Mpusia, for getting in touch with us.

We sympathise with you for the misfortunes that have befallen you in the process
of seeking a loan.

We contacted the youth fund on this matter and they responded promptly.

The organisation noted that there has been a mix-up in its documentation, which
led to inaccurate assessment of your application.

They, however, assured us that the credit manager has taken up your case
personally and that you will be assisted accordingly.

In addition, the financial institution stated that all indications are that the
outcome will be in your favour.

You will soon be among the more than 200,000 young entrepreneurs who have so far
been financed by the organisation.

They also said that they will get in touch with you about this matter and ensure
that your case is settled.

YEDF has apologised for any inconvenience caused and have vowed to implement a
new workflow process to ensure that such incidents do not recur.

They have also reiterated that they are committed to serving young
entrepreneurs.

We hope that you will get your loan soon. However, you are free to get in touch
with us if you need any further assistance.

**********

I paid Kenya Power for electricity connection in 2008.

But unfortunately up to now nothing has happened. I still do not access power
because I have not been connected.

I am feeling left out as all my neighbours have electricity. Please help me find
out what the problem could be. I live in Kerugoya.

- Ndimi.

Thank you for taking time to contact us about this issue.

It is important that you have access to power to avoid inconveniences that come
with the lack of it.

We congratulate you for taking the initiative to pay for electricity connection
to your home.

We got in touch with the power supply firm about this matter and it says that
the delayed connection is due to your neighbours' refusal to grant wayleave
consent to allow construction of a service line to your house.

A wayleave is the right of way granted to a utility company to put up equipment
in the course of service delivery, which may either be granted by individuals,
the government, or its institutions.

The power distribution company encourages you to get in touch with its staff in
Kerugoya for assistance in obtaining wayleave permission from your neighbours
and to help speed up the connection process.

We hope that after you succeed in getting wayleave consent, you will be
connected to the electricity grid.

Kindly keep us updated on the issue. Also, inform us if you need further
assistance.

Looking for answers? Send your queries and daytime telephone numbers to Yvonne
Kawira: E-mail: capitalletters@ke.nationmedia.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2013 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (Nairobi)

                           February 11, 2012 Saturday

Most Women and Youth Are Not Ready for Business, Study Shows

BYLINE: Lillian Nduati

LENGTH: 742 words


Six out of every 10 women seeking money from the government business fund are
ill-equipped to run an owner-managed businesses, a new study shows. The same
fate affects five out of every 10 young people.

The study titled Are the youth and women in Kenya ready for business? carried
out by the Centre for Enterprise Development in Nairobi was released late last
year.

It surveyed over 200 participants from both the Women Enterprise Fund (WEF) and
Youth Enterprise Development Fund (YEDF) in the country with view to gauge
business preparedness of fund beneficiaries.

"The results indicate that entrepreneurial readiness is still low among the
entrepreneurs who benefited from both youth and women fund," says the report.

This is vindicated by the fact that almost half of the beneficiaries were yet to
start a business, one to three months after they had received the funding.

"This highlights the need for the financial agencies to offer broader training,
such as capacity building that will enable entrepreneurs to make the best use of
the funds they receive to ensure sustainable businesses," the report adds.

The research concluded that "61.3 per cent of the women entrepreneurs and 48 per
cent of the youth surveyed have less than 50 per cent likelihood of business
success."

On average one in every three new businesses fails within the first six months.

Most entrepreneurs surveyed started up without a business plan - an important
tool for entrepreneurs to plan their business operations and ensure they know
what to do to achieve business sustainability way beyond the funding stage.

Interestingly, when asked whether they had submitted a business plan they
developed to investors, banks and other support agencies, 43 per cent of those
surveyed did not answer the question. Only 30 per cent indicated that they had
submitted the business plans they developed, while 27 per cent did not.

Youth Enterprise Development Fund and Women Entrepreneurship Fund were set up
five years ago to facilitate creation of entrepreneurial ventures in Kenya. The
main objective of both is to give loans to women and youth-owned enterprises in
Kenya.

Data from the WEF shows that 210 volunteers had been dispersed to all
constituencies in the country to train women in entrepreneurship skills. The aim
is to increase loan up-take as well as maximise on returns from their
investments.

According to official reports from YEDF, the fund has started a mandatory
pre-financing training programme to enhance sustainability of youth enterprises.
It has provided training to over 200,000 youth.

In the last financial year, WEF disbursed Sh549 million to 10,671 women's
groups. The loans were repaid at a rate of between 73 and 100 per cent. Loan
repayment data from WEF's website showed a worrying trend - constituencies such
as Mandera West, Bura, Ikolomani, Garsen, Isiolo South and Wajir North rated
lowly in repayment rates - at between 15 and 24 per cent.

The YEDF had advanced Sh545 million to 12,407 group projects through
constituency committees in the same period, and cited low up-take of loans in
far-flung counties where there were no small enterprise-oriented financial
intermediaries through which youth could borrow from the fund.

"We're given a budget to give out as loans, and a small portion of this goes
towards training, but it is not adequate," says Mr Mwatata Juma Mwangala, the
chief executive officer of YEDF. "Training requires continuous engagement with
the beneficiaries," he adds. This means the use of more resources.

According to Mr Mwatata, there are a number of factors that have contributed to
the youth's unpreparedness for business.

"The greatest impediment is lack of an educational system that exposes us (as a
people) to entrepreneurship to create that culture in us," he says.
Positive-minded culture and attitude towards business among the youth is
critical.

"An entrepreneur is a go-getter. They take initiative to find information that
they need, qualities which the youth are lacking," he adds.

Other business support mechanisms such as mentorship from others who have done
it is lacking.

"I see most of the young people around me access social networks such as
Facebook and Twitter on their phones, yet they do not use it to look for
information such as how to start a business," says Wangechi Mwangi, 19-year-old
co-founder of AZMA, a social networking platform that reaches out to Kenyan
high-school students and pairs them with older mentors.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday

Pakistan: PM Youth Loan Scheme begins

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: GILGIT


GILGIT, Dec. 8 -- The Prime Minister Youth Business Loans Scheme to provide the
youth with loans of up to Rs2 million was kickstarted on Friday.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif made an announcement in this regard while addressing
the party workers here. He said that the scheme was being launched to help the
youth stand on their feet. He said that this loan scheme had been extended to
Azad Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).

Sharing the main features of the scheme, the prime minister said that skilled
and educated youth, both male and female, could obtain loans up to two million
rupees.

Nawaz Sharif made it clear that transparency would be ensured in development
schemes to bring prosperity in the lives of the common people.

He reiterated his commitment for the development of Gilgit Baltistan and said
that work on Diamer-Bhasha and Dasu dams would be immediately started while work
on Bunji Dam would also be started soon. These projects, he said, would produce
over 15,000 megawatt of electricity.

The prime minister said that the government's focus was on the development of
Gilgit-Baltistan and soon this area would be bracketed among the developed areas
of the country.

Announcing a number of development schemes for Gilgit-Baltistan, the prime
minister said that a cardiac centre would be established in Gilgit so that heart
patients might not go to Islamabad and the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for treatment.

He also announced establishment of a special police force for Gilgit-Baltistan,
saying it would be equipped with the latest weapons and equipment in order to
deal with security issues in the area.

He said that the government was in the process of purchasing new aircraft for
Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) and with the procurement of these
aircraft, the service of PIA to Skardu and Gilgit would improve.

Earlier, the prime minister inaugurated the newly-constructed terminal at the
Gilgit Airport. He visited different parts of the building.

Speaking on the occasion, he directed to ensure proper maintenance of the
airport and the lounge to facilitate the passengers.

The prime minister was informed that the new terminal had covered areas of over
39,000 square feet having capacity of 180 passengers.

Earlier, on his arrival, the prime minister was warmly received by the governor
and chief minister at the airport.

Meanwhile, PM Nawaz Sharif performed ground breaking for the execution of a 14.4
MW power project in Naltar.

The ground breaking ceremony was attended by GB Governor Pir Karam Ali Shah,
Chief Minister Syed Mehdi Shah and other government officials besides the
Chinese team involved in the construction of the project.

The Naltar-V Hydropower Project would be executed by a Chinese firm as
feasibility study has already been completed. The run-of-the river project would
cost Rs3.84 billion and would be completed by 2016.

Once completed, the project would help overcome the power shortage confronting
the area

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 15

LENGTH: 159  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon says the
government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme to attract maximum
applications from the youth.

In an interview with Radio Pakistan, she said the youth has shown tremendous
interest in the loan scheme. Though the rate of return of applications is low
and therefore on the directions of the Prime Minister the conditions have been
relaxed. Now the blood relative has been allowed to become guarantor, she added.

Marvi Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the country in order
to also involve them in this scheme.

She said people of these areas want to open up schools or do other some other
businesses.

She said our teams are working day and night to properly guide the people of
backward areas.

Responding to a question, Marvi Memon clarified that five percent quota has been
fixed for the disabled persons in the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 15

LENGTH: 159  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon says the
government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme to attract maximum
applications from the youth.

In an interview with Radio Pakistan, she said the youth has shown tremendous
interest in the loan scheme. Though the rate of return of applications is low
and therefore on the directions of the Prime Minister the conditions have been
relaxed. Now the blood relative has been allowed to become guarantor, she added.

Marvi Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the country in order
to also involve them in this scheme.

She said people of these areas want to open up schools or do other some other
businesses.

She said our teams are working day and night to properly guide the people of
backward areas.

Responding to a question, Marvi Memon clarified that five percent quota has been
fixed for the disabled persons in the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

LENGTH: 160  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon says the
government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme to attract maximum
applications from the youth. In an interview with Radio Pakistan, she said the
youth has shown tremendous interest in the loan scheme. Though the rate of
return of applications is low and therefore on the directions of the Prime
Minister the conditions have been relaxed. Now the blood relative has been
allowed to become guarantor, she added. Marvi Memon said she has visited several
backward areas of the country in order to also involve them in this scheme. She
said people of these areas want to open up schools or do other some other
businesses. She said our teams are working day and night to properly guide the
people of backward areas. Responding to a question, Marvi Memon clarified that
five percent quota has been fixed for the disabled persons in the Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Stop leg-pulling, work for progress: PM

BYLINE: Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 98

LENGTH: 827  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has said that instead of indulging in the politics
of leg-pulling and unnecessary criticism political parties should forge unity to
take the country on road to progress and prosperity.

Addressing at the second balloting of Prime Minsiter's Youth Business Loan
Scheme ceremony here at Convention Centre here on Wednesday, the PM without
naming Pakistan Tehreek-I-Insaf said that those who have failed to deliver in a
province and those who were rejected by the people with the power of their votes
should wait till the next general elections and let the government complete its
progressive economic reforms agenda.

Terming the federal budget 2014-15 'very good', the Premier said that it would
not spur inflation, boost investment, promote development and ease the masses.

Those present on the occasion included Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, Chairperson
PM's Youth Loan Scheme Maryam Nawaz, Governor State Bank Ashraf Mahmood Wathra
and President of the National Bank of Pakistan Iqbal Ashraf.

The Prime Minister said the country by and large had achieved all the economic
targets during the outgoing fiscal year with 16.4 percent growth in revenue
collection in 11 months against 3 percent last year.

Referring to the country's economic situation that when he took oath of office
on June 5, 2013, he said his government had to immediately focus on the
preparation of budget for 2013-14.

The country, which had achieved over 16% growth in revenue collection this year,
could also achieve even 116% growth if the youth, who were getting loans under
the Business Loan Scheme, strived for successful businesses and contributed to
the national economy, he added.

The Prime Minister said the countries like Germany, Japan and America had
achieved the current level of socio-economic development by facilitating and
encouraging their middle and lower middle classes to establish their own
businesses.

The Prime Minister said he had conceived the idea of youth business loan scheme
during the 1990s, but he could not implement it due to economic problems and
sanctions faced by the country in the wake of 1998 nuclear explosions.

"If the scheme was launched in the 1990s, the economic situation would have been
very different today," he remarked.

Nawaz Sharif said after coming to power last year, the government started this
scheme so that the youth could not only earn a respectable living but also
contribute to the national economy.

"The rich get loans easily, but the poor seeking credit are not even allowed to
enter the banks," he remarked. He said the axis of his thoughts was the poor,
who were always worried about their night's meal, shelter, wedding of daughters
or sisters, medical needs etc.

"There are so many people, who want to engage themselves in any small business
like livestock farming and agriculture, but they do not have resources," he
said.

He also referred to the Livestock Insurance Scheme announced by the Finance
Minister in the budget speech under which, he said, the premium would be paid by
the government.

Due to this scheme, the capital of those investing in livestock farming would be
protected in case of any casualty, he added.

The Prime Minister said the Business Loan Scheme would enable thousands of youth
to gain financial independence.

The Prime Minister directed the Governor State Bank to engage private banks for
participating in these schemes.

"Our government, in a short period of only eight months re-activated and
completed this project which shows our commitment to solve the energy crisis,"
he maintained.

Moreover, the Prime Minister said that a multi-purpose mega project,
Diamer-Bhasha dam, at a cost of $ 12 billion and having 4500 MW generation
capacity was being undertaken which would not only help meet power needs but
also manage water resources, which were being wasted.

The Prime Minister also referred to  $ 35 billion Pak-China conomic corridor
that would change the fate of the country.

He said that work on Karachi-Lahore motorway would he initiated soon as Rs 55
billion had been allocated for land acquisition that is to be completed in three
months.

The Prime Minister said "We should not indulge in politics of leg pulling and
unnecessary criticism."

"People have shown their confidence in us during last elections and they will
again vote for us in 2018 based on our performance," he added.

The Prime Minister also read out his written speech in which other five schemes
of the PM's Youth Programme were elaborated.

Later, the Prime Minister performed the second computerized balloting of the
Youth Business Loan Scheme in which 5169 loans were awarded to the applicants,
whose applications were approved by NBP.

It may be noted that 50 per cent quota was reserved for women besides martyrs
and special persons.

The Prime Minister also distributed cheques among some successful candidates of
first balloting.

He directed the NBP President to forward all the cheques to successful
applicants by June 15.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Youth loan scheme to boost exports, says PM

LENGTH: 90  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has expressed belief that the Youth Loan Scheme
would give boost to national exports as well as to economic growth rate.

He was addressing a function held in Hyderabad in connection with Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme.

He said the government was determined to weed out culture of nepotism and
introduce merit-based transparent system in the country.

He said the loans were being disbursed among youth purely on merit and even he
as the prime minister was unable to grant loans to youth under the scheme.


LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Youth loan scheme to boost exports, says PM

LENGTH: 90  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has expressed belief that the Youth Loan Scheme
would give boost to national exports as well as to economic growth rate.

He was addressing a function held in Hyderabad in connection with Prime
Ministers Youth Business Loan Scheme.

He said the government was determined to weed out culture of nepotism and
introduce merit-based transparent system in the country.

He said the loans were being disbursed among youth purely on merit and even he
as the prime minister was unable to grant loans to youth under the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Youth loan scheme to boost exports, says PM

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 179

LENGTH: 90  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has expressed belief that the Youth Loan Scheme
would give boost to national exports as well as to economic growth rate. He was
addressing a function held in Hyderabad in connection with Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme.

He said the government was determined to weed out culture of nepotism and
introduce merit-based transparent system in the country. He said the loans were
being disbursed among youth purely on merit and even he as the prime minister
was unable to grant loans to youth under the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Youth loan scheme to boost exports, says PM

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 179

LENGTH: 90  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has expressed belief that the Youth Loan Scheme
would give boost to national exports as well as to economic growth rate. He was
addressing a function held in Hyderabad in connection with Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme.

He said the government was determined to weed out culture of nepotism and
introduce merit-based transparent system in the country. He said the loans were
being disbursed among youth purely on merit and even he as the prime minister
was unable to grant loans to youth under the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Youth loan scheme to boost exports, says PM

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 179

LENGTH: 90  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has expressed belief that the Youth Loan Scheme
would give boost to national exports as well as to economic growth rate. He was
addressing a function held in Hyderabad in connection with Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loan Scheme.

He said the government was determined to weed out culture of nepotism and
introduce merit-based transparent system in the country. He said the loans were
being disbursed among youth purely on merit and even he as the prime minister
was unable to grant loans to youth under the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes launched to tap youth potential in KP

LENGTH: 702 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.


To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.
An official of Finance Department told media on Monday that Youth Marakaz will
be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities
and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.
He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.
He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.
In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.
He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.
Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.
The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.
Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.
He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.
Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.
Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.
The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.
Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.
The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.
He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.
He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.
The government strongly believed in the potential of all young
people and will continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in
the country's development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

5 lakh youth to be provided loan this year: Chief minister

SECTION: BHOPAL

LENGTH: 215 words


Bhopal: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Sunday said that loans will be
provided to 5 lakh youth under under CM's self employment scheme and PM Mudra
Yojana this year. Land will be identified for industries of young entrepreneurs
in every district.He was addressing a state-level self employment convention. An
MoU was also signed between telexco.com and MP Laghu Udyog Nigam. telexco.com
that will provide marketing e-platforms to products of the state's young
entrepreneurs. Addressing the function, Chouhan said that loans upto Rs 1 crore
will be provided to 10,000 youths this year to set up industrial units under
Mukhyamantri Yuva Udyami Yojana and centre's start-up project. Amount of loan
under Mukhyamantri Arthik Kalyan Yojana will be raised from Rs 20,000 to Rs
50,000.Limit of loan under Mukhyamantri Swarozgar Yojana will also be increased
from Rs 50,000 upto Rs 10 lakh.Chouhan urged youth to become employers and not
job seekers. He said that one who is enterprising succeeds. Last year, loans
were provided to 71,000 youths in the state. Central Bank of India's ED RP Lodha
said that pace of progress can be accelerated by availing loans from banks. The
chief minister released a profile book focusing on successful young
entrepreneurs.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            January 12, 2014 Sunday

Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. XXXVIII No. 12

LENGTH: 160  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon says the
government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme to attract maximum
applications from the youth.

In an interview with Radio Pakistanâ(EURO)s she said the youth has shown
tremendous interest in the loan scheme. Though the rate of return of
applications is low and therefore on the directions of the prime minister the
conditions have been relaxed. Now the blood relative has been allowed to become
guarantor.

Marvi Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the country in order
to also involve them in this scheme. She said people of these areas want to open
up schools or do other some other businesses. She said our teams are working day
and night to properly guide the people of backward areas.

Responding to a questionâ(EURO)s Marvi Memon clarified that five percent quota
has been fixed for the disabled persons in the Prime Minister's Youth Business
Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            January 12, 2014 Sunday

Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 12

LENGTH: 160  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon says the
government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme to attract maximum
applications from the youth.

In an interview with Radio Pakistanâ(EURO)s she said the youth has shown
tremendous interest in the loan scheme. Though the rate of return of
applications is low and therefore on the directions of the prime minister the
conditions have been relaxed. Now the blood relative has been allowed to become
guarantor.

Marvi Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the country in order
to also involve them in this scheme. She said people of these areas want to open
up schools or do other some other businesses. She said our teams are working day
and night to properly guide the people of backward areas.

Responding to a questionâ(EURO)s Marvi Memon clarified that five percent quota
has been fixed for the disabled persons in the Prime Minister's Youth Business
Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 11

LENGTH: 160  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon says the
government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme to attract maximum
applications from the youth.

In an interview with Radio Pakistanâ(EURO)s she said the youth has shown
tremendous interest in the loan scheme. Though the rate of return of
applications is low and therefore on the directions of the prime minister the
conditions have been relaxed. Now the blood relative has been allowed to become
guarantor.

Marvi Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the country in order
to also involve them in this scheme. She said people of these areas want to open
up schools or do other some other businesses. She said our teams are working day
and night to properly guide the people of backward areas.

Responding to a questionâ(EURO)s Marvi Memon clarified that five percent quota
has been fixed for the disabled persons in the Prime Minister's Youth Business
Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

Pakistan PM calls for easier loan conditions in youth business scheme

LENGTH: 497 words


Text of report by official news agency Associated Press of Pakistan (APP)

Karachi, 28 December: Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz Sharif Saturday [28
December] reviewed the progress on youth business loan scheme in a meeting held
here at the NBP [National Bank of Pakistan] Headquarters and gave directions to
soften up conditions for guarantors of loans so that maximum number of youth
could benefit from the scheme.

He also emphasized that all barriers should be removed to ensure easy and smooth
processing of applications for loans and their disbursement.

The prime minister was given a detailed briefing on the scheme with special
emphasis on the receipt of applications and their scrutiny.

He directed that the implementation of the scheme rules should be in a manner
that it facilitates the applicants. He directed the president, NBP to personally
supervise the scheme.

The issue of the guarantors was discussed in detail during the meeting.

The prime minister was informed that in order to facilitate the applicants,
three categories of guarantors have been identified: firstly a Grade-15 or
above-government officer; secondly, any civilian person having an amount of net
worth of 1.5 times the amount of loan applied for; and thirdly, if a person has
a running business and wants to expand it, he can be his own guarantor if he has
net worth of 1.5 times the loan amount in National Bank or any other bank from
where the loan is disbursed.

The prime minister approved the additional category of combined guarantors, i.e.
a single applicant would now be able to provide combined guarantee of more than
one guarantor for his loan.

The prime minister said that banks should facilitate the applicants, and the
service delivery mechanism should be improved based upon the valuable
suggestions/feedback received from the public, adding the standard of services
for these applicants should be the same as given to the commercial borrowers.

He advised the bank officers working on the loan scheme to consider it as
service to the nation.

The prime minister emphasized upon merit and transparency in the scheme so that
only the deserving and genuine persons could get the loan.

He said that the government wants to provide various opportunities to the youth,
including skilled education, training, employment and scholarships so that they
could contribute positively in all fields.

The prime minister said that the youth are showing great interest in the
Business Loan Scheme, which is evident from millions of downloads of
pre-feasibility studies and forms available on SMEDA [Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority] website.

The meeting was attended by Governor, Sindh Dr Eshrat-ul-Ebad Khan; Federal
Information Minister Senator Pervaiz Rashid; Minister for Defence Khawaja
Muhammad Asif; Minister for Interior Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan; and president,
National Bank of Pakistan (NBP).

Source: Associated Press of Pakistan news agency, Islamabad, in English 1715gmt
28 Dec 13

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Morning Call

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST Edition

COMPANY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; A; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 655  words


Tower Products has Euro hub deal

Tower Products Inc. of Easton, the leading manufacturer of environmentally
sensitive pressroom chemistry for the offset and flexographic printing industry,
has announced that it has reached an agreement with RGP Green Solutions of
Holland to establish a European hub and master dealership for Tower products.

The agreement, reached between the principals of the two companies at Drupa 2016
printing trade show, will expand the distribution of Tower fountain solution and
technology products within Europe, the U.K. and Scandinavia. RGP Green Solutions
will service this market from their regional distribution center in Rotterdam to
provide quick access and shipping of the products to other distributors and
customers within the marketplace.

Over the past two years, Tower Products and RGP Green Solutions have
aggressively built a solid fountain solution business in Holland and Belgium and
this agreement will help to expand that effort.

Talen partners with RCN Business

RCN Business, a communications provider offering Internet, voice, video and
networking to businesses, has partnered with Talen Energy, a local electricity
supplier in Pennsylvania, to provide an exclusive offer to RCN Business
customers.

This potential money-saving offer is available only to RCN Business customers
who are newly enrolling in the Talen Energy program and whose businesses are in
areas of Pennsylvania served by PPL Electric Utilities, MetEd, Penelec or PECO.
RCN Business customers will also receive a one-time, $50 bill credit toward
Talen Energy charges on their utility bill, after completion of their third
billing period. Sign up for Talen Energy at TalenEnergy.com/RCN. It takes five
minutes and a recent utility bill.

AEDC awards loan to Polymer Contours

The Allentown Economic Development Corp. recently announced that it has provided
a $47,900 loan to Polymer Contours Inc. through the Allentown Enterprise Zone
Revolving Loan Fund. Polymer Contours will use the loan to purchase new
equipment to broaden its production capabilities. Additionally, the money will
be used to develop a marketing plan.

The Enterprise Zone Revolving Loan Fund is designed to provide funding and
technical assistance for disadvantaged industrial/manufacturing and business
sites.

The Allentown Enterprise Zone was established in the mid-1990s. Designated sites
across the city's Enterprise Zone are almost exclusively industrial and
manufacturing sites. The revolving loan fund was created through an initial
$268,000 grant from the state. Over the years, the fund grew through interest
paid on loans provided to companies in the Enterprise Zone. Today, the overall
loan pool exceeds $980,000 with more than $637,000 out in 11 loans across the
city.

Polymer Contours is a plastic injection molding company located in the
Bridgeworks Enterprise Center in south Allentown and participates in the
business incubation program. Tyson Daniels, president, purchased the company
from its original founder 18 months ago and has been rapidly growing its
capabilities and customer base.

LGBT council donates $5,000

to Valley Youth House

The LGBT Business Council of the Greater Lehigh Valley Chamber of Commerce
recently hosted a Roaring 20s Gala at Silver Creek Country Club. Over 150 people
attended to celebrate and participate in the silent auction, raising $5,000 for
Valley Youth House.

Valley Youth House began in 1973 as a single shelter in Pennsylvania's Lehigh
Valley. Valley Youth House was open day and night, ensuring that vulnerable,
abused and homeless youth in the community had access to shelter and counseling.

Valley Youth House's Pride program gives youth the opportunity to embrace their
identity and overcome the obstacles presented by housing insecurities and
homelessness. Pride provides housing and supportive services for homeless
lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, asexual and allied
(LGBTQIA) youth.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 14, 1997 Friday

SMALL BUSINESS  Young and eager to get into business? Here's where you start

SECTION: ADVERTISING SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 761 words


YOUNG ENTREPRENEURS FINANCING PROGRAM

This recently announced program is the first national program of its kind aimed
at young entrepreneurs says Christiane Beaulieu, vice-president of public
affairs for the Business Development Bank of Canada. Designed to help
entrepreneurs between the ages of 18 to 34 to start up businesses, the program
is a partnership between the BDC, CIBC and Bank of Montreal. Young entrepreneurs
can obtain loans up to $25,000. There is a mandatory management service that
comes as part of the program that costs $3,500, but this amount can be added on
top of the loan (for example, a $25,000 loan would total $28,500), says
Beaulieu. Entrepreneurs must also self-finance 25 per cent of the proposed
project. For more information call 1-888-INFO BDC (1-888-463-6232).

STUDENT BUSINESS LOANS

The most national program for students who want to become entrepreneurs during
the summer (and hopefully gain skills that they can use after graduating) is the
Student Business Loans initiative, run by the BDC in partnership with the
federal government's Human Resources Development Canada. The program is
available in Newfoundland, Quebec, Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta, British
Columbia, Northwest Territories and Yukon. In the other provinces, there are
provincial programs. In 1996, 1,338 loans worth $3.6-million were provided,
translating into 2,539 summer jobs. Depending on the complexity of the business,
the BDC may suggest free business counselling. The Student Business Loans, which
can be up to $3,000, are given by the Royal Bank and National Bank (in Quebec
only). Note: This year, applications will be accepted only between April 1 and
June 20. Student Business Loans must be repaid by Oct. 3, 1997 and are interest
free until that date. Loans of more than $1,000 that are repaid between Aug. 4
and Sept. 5, 1997 qualify for a $100 cash rebate. For information on Student
Business Loans call the Business Development Bank 1-888-INFO BDC
(1-888-463-6232). Also, for these loans and other programs of the federal
government's Youth Employment Strategy call the Youth Info Line at
1-800-935-5555.

CANADIAN YOUTH BUSINESS FOUNDATION

This is a private sector, non-profit foundation initiated by the Royal Bank,
CIBC and Canadian Youth Foundation, designed to provide funding and business
support to young Canadians who are starting their own businesses. Programs are
community-based and so far there are programs in the following communities:
London, Scarborough, Ont., the Eastern Townships of Quebec and Halifax. Plans
are currently under development for sites in Oshawa, Markham, Ont., Calgary,
Vancouver and St. Johns. CYBF offers both lending and mentoring programs. The
lending program provides loans up to $15,000 to qualified candidates who are
unable to access funding elsewhere. Candidates must be 18-29 years old, have a
feasible business plan, choose a local mentor, as well as have some training and
experience appropriate to their chosen area of business. The mentoring program
provides the young entrepreneurs with mentors from the local corporate,
professional and entrepreneurial community for up to three years. CYBF's
website, Intervision, supports young entrepreneurs with on-line advisers and
industry experts, moderated discussions, distance learning and marketing
opportunities. For more information: 1-800-464-2923.

YOUNG ENTREPRENEURS ASSOCIATION OF ONTARIO

This association has chapters in Toronto; Mississauga; York Region (north of
Metro Toronto); North York; London; and the Golden Horseshoe region of Ontario.
There are plans to expand to Atlantic Canada within the next few months. YEA
brings young entrepreneurs together for networking and education. Its major
sponsors are the Royal Bank and Microsoft Canada Inc. The association holds
professional development seminars (topics have included marketing, time
management and selling to large companies) and workshops (for example, buying a
business and managing cash flow.) YEA holds a yearly Entrepreneurs Forum and
Expo in the autumn. Annual membership is $45 (students memberships are
available), although non-members can attend events for $15. For more
information: (416) 588-0908.

HELPFUL WEB SITES

Canadian Business Youth Foundation:

http://www.cybf.ca
   Business Development Bank of Canada:

http://www.bdc.ca/site
   Youth Employment Strategy:

http://youth.gc.ca
   Association of Collegiate Entrepreneurs:

www.hookup.net/~acecan/acehome.html
   Canada Business Service Centres:

www.cbsc.org/english/index.html
   Industry Canada:

http://info.ic.gc.ca

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1997 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Soft term easy loans a big gift for youth: MNA

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 337

LENGTH: 122  words


Member National Assembly Syed Iftikhar ul Hassan Shah has said that the soft
term easy loans to the youth was a big gift to them by the PML-N government.

Talking to notables at Aallo Mahaar Sharif Daska he said that the soft term
loans would promote the culture of skill development among the skilled youth
across the country besides opening the new vistas of socio-economic development
of the people.

He said, the PML-N government has taken a revolutionary step by launching youth
loans and special loans under PM youth programme for low-income earning people,
as this step would be helpful in poverty alleviation and reducing the
unemployment.

MPA Muhammad Asif Bajwa Advocate and PML-N local leaders were also present on
this occasion.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan: Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Jan. 16 -- Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans
Marvi Memon says the government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme
to attract maximum applications from the youth. In an interview with Radio
Pakistan, she said the youth has shown tremendous interest in the loan scheme.
Though the rate of return of applications is low and therefore on the directions
of the Prime Minister the conditions have been relaxed. Now the blood relative
has been allowed to become guarantor, she added. Marvi Memon said she has
visited several backward areas of the country in order to also involve them in
this scheme. She said people of these areas want to open up schools or do other
some other businesses. She said our teams are working day and night to properly
guide the people of backward areas. Responding to a question, Marvi Memon
clarified that five percent quota has been fixed for the disabled persons in the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Nurturing young entrepreneurs: There's a lot of help out there, but finding
startup funding remains a challenge

BYLINE: SUNTANU DALAL

SOURCE: Edmonton Journal

SECTION: SMALL BUSINESS, Pg. G8

LENGTH: 2023 words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


Lisa Nishi wanted to start a home business so she and her husband could stay
home with their young son, Stephen, but she ran up against the barrier many
young entrepreneurs face - a lack of money.

Twenty-six year old Nishi and her husband, Gordon Nishi, 31, wanted to
manufacture and sell all-natural pet foods out of their home in Kelowna, B.C.

There are publicly and privately funded organizations that try to make the
journey into business easier for those willing to take it, by helping to secure
financing and expertise.

With small businesses now creating the majority of jobs in Canada, these
agencies say it's important to nurture young people who want to contribute to
the economy with their own businesses.

The Nishis approached Community Futures Development Corp., a ruralrevitalization
initiative of the federal government's Western Economic Diversification Canada
agency, because they didn't think the banks would touch their unusual business
idea.

Gordon got a small-business loan from Community Futures, while Lisa was referred
to the Canadian Youth Business Foundation, an organization funded by suuch
private-sector companies as the Royal Bank and the Canadian Imperial Bank of
Commerce, which offered her a loan as well.

"It's great," Nishi said. "It gives people a lot of opportunity they wouldn't
have otherwise."

The couple started Rachel's Paleolithic Pet Food in September with $15,000 in
loans.

- - -

Twenty-seven-year old Tim Kolm and his business partner, Shauna Heryford, 29,
grew Candlexpress Inc. in six years, from a small retail shop on Edmonton's
funky Whyte Ave. shopping and bar strip into a $2-million candle-manufacturing
and wholesale business, employing 35 people. With their firm no longer a
startup, Kolm still remembers what it was like.

"When we first started, the banks looked at us like we were kids," he said.

Instead of employing the help of government or private agencies, they got their
parents to co-sign their bank loans.

Now that they are well-established, the banks are no problem. Yet clients he has
only dealt with over the phone are sometimes surprised by how young he is when
they finally meet face-to-face. "As you get bigger, they expect you to be
older."

- - -

Dan James started his first business in Grade 12 with the guidance of Junior
Achievement of Canada. Now he's a partner in Silverorange, a Web-development
shop in Charlottetown, P.E.I., that was created out of two small firms in 1999.
At 22, James is the

second-oldest partner of a group of five partners ranging in age from 20 to 24.

The company has grown by an average of 125 per cent a year and became profitable
this year, he said, yet the banks aren't ready to do business with them because
of their youth.

"It really doesn't matter how good your balance sheet is," he said.

Yet, clients think he's more credible in his business because he is young.

- - -

Robert Warren, director of the Asper Centre for Entrepreneurship at the
University of Manitoba, said the biggest problem young entrepreneurs face is
finding money to start their businesses.

While some funding is available in Canada for startups, he thinks more needs to
be done because the businesses are often undercapitalized. He said the U.S. has
a more aggressive system of financing, where venture-capital firms, for example,
sponsor youth-business-plan competitions to get a pipeline into potential
investment opportunities.

- - -

The Canadian Youth Business Foundation lends up to $15,000 in startup capital to
entrepreneurs aged 18 to 29, but there is a condition, said Carole Simpson, a
vice-president of CYBF. The startup must take on a mentor who is essentially
viewed as security for an unsecured loan.

"People who come to us aren't bankable," Simpson said. The job of CYBF is to get
young entrepreneurs started and make them successful and bankable.

Simpson said CYBF has a success rate of 75 per cent so far this year, meaning of
all businesses given loans in the past five years, three-quarters are still
active.

The organization has loaned more than $6.5 million to about 650 individuals
since it began in 1996. She said it is the only privately funded organization of
its kind in Canada.

- - -

According to figures provided by the Business Development Bank of Canada, a
federal crown corporation that provides financing and management services to
small businesses, 77 per cent of all startups are still in business after the
first year, 36 per cent after the fifth year and 20 per cent after the 10th.

Because most youth enterprises are startups, the survival statistics for them
are not good, said Terry Quinn, a vice-president of the BDC.

The BDC Young Entrepreneur Financing Program offers people between ages 18 and
34 financing up to $25,000 plus 50 hours of consulting services. BDC is the
primary sponsor of the national Young Entrepreneur Awards, which also provide
winners from each of the 13 provinces and territories with mentors. It also
offers loans of up to $3,000 for students to start businesses during the summer.

Warren of the Asper Centre said there is a relationship between the health of
the economy and the level of interest shown by post-secondary youth for going
into business. When times are good, "you go work for the man."

When times are tough, more young people pursue their own business opportunities,
often out of necessity.

With the strong economy of the last few years, Simpson of CYBF has seen the
number of youths going into business for themselves decline, except in Atlantic
Canada and some rural areas where unemployment rates remain high.

Warren thinks it's important to introduce children to the entrepreneurial
culture early, so they are willing to start their own businesses when they are
older. "Our thinking is you probably want to get kids in Grade 6 or Grade 7."

Junior Achievement of Canada president and CEO John Saso said his organization
instills the entrepreneurial spirit early with the educational programs it
brings into schools. While in high school, students can work in groups with
volunteers from the business community to start and run a business.

Betty Wood, the Royal Bank's national manager for young-entrepreneur programs,
said the bank supports young entrepreneurs by sponsoring a number of
organizations such as CYBF. It also has a section of its Web site dedicated to
them, and bank employees can offer information and advice.

Even with these initiatives, she admits young entrepreneurs are not given a
break at the Royal Bank when they apply for a loan. "We don't change the
criteria," Wood said.

"What we do is help young entrepreneurs meet the criteria."

Sites for Young Entrepreneurs

Many Web sites provide information about help for young entrepreneurs, and many
offer additional links that can be useful. Here are a few:

-Canada Business Service Centres: www.cbsc.org

This general business resource is perhaps the fastest way to find out what
services federal, provincial and territorial governments offer young
entrepreneurs.

-Youth Link site from Human Resources Development Canada: http://youth.
hrdc-drhc.gc.ca/ythlink/sec4.shtml.

This is perhaps the best single page of information on federally funded
programs. It has contact numbers and a basic outline of what's offered. There
are also Web links to other key sites.

-Business Development Bank of Canada: www.bdc.ca

This site includes information on the Young Entrepreneur Financing Program and
the Student Business Loans Program.

-Youth Entrepreneurship, Aboriginal Business Canada: www.abc.gc.ca. An Industry
Canada site.

-First Nations and Inuit Youth Business Program: www.inac.gc.ca. An Indian and
Northern Affairs Canada site.

-Community Futures Development Corporations of Western Canada:
www.communityfutures.ca.

-Western Youth Entrepreneur Program: www.wd.gc.ca. Western Economic
Diversification Canada site.

-CED/CFDC Youth Strategy Program: www.dec-ced.gc.ca. Canada Economic Development
for Quebec Regions and Community Futures Development Corp. site.

Non-government programs

-Canadian Youth Business Foundation: www.cybf.ca.

Loan and Mentor Programs

-YouthBusiness.com: www.youthbusiness.com. CYBF-produced site with lots of
information and a new online mentoring program for those who can't get a loan
from CYBF.

-Junior Achievement of Canada: www.jacan.org.

Peer groups

-Young Entrepeneurs' Organization: www.yeo.org. International group with local
Canadian chapters, requires members to be under 39 years of age and the company
must have annual revenue of more than $1.5 million Canadian.

-Young Entrepreneurs Association: www.yea.ca. Site under construction.

Magazines

-REALM magazine: www.realm.net. Career and entrepreneurship magazine for young
Canadians.

Other Resources

-Association of Collegiate Entrepreneurs, ACE Canada: www.acecanada.ca.

-e-START.ca: www.e-start.ca. Joint venture between ACE-Canada and Strategis.
This is an Industry Canada site.

-Royal Bank of Canada, Young Entrepreneurs section: www.

royalbank.com/sme/ye/index.html.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: LARRY WONG, EDMONTON JOURNAL ; Shauna Heryford,, 29, and
Tim Kolm, 27, owners of Candlexpress Inc., light up one of, their products at
their factory-store in Edmonton. The business, partners had their parents
co-sign loans that helped them open a, retail shop on a funky shopping-and-bar
strip.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

Sharif announces youth welfare schemes

BYLINE: Mohsin Ali Correspondent

LENGTH: 503 words


Islamabad: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday announced six welfare schemes
for Pakistan's youth to provide employment opportunitiesâEURs soft loans and
scholarships and laptops for brilliant students.

In an address to the nation over radio and television, his second since assuming
office in June, the prime minister said the government would initially allocate
Rs20 billion (Dh696 million) for the schemes.

He said the programme marks the beginning of the fulfilment of promises his
Pakistan Muslim League-N party had made in its manifesto and campaign before the
May 11 general elections.

A micro interest-free loan scheme is being launched for disadvantaged sections
of society and will benefit 250,000 people. An allocation of Rs3.5 billion has
been made for this during the current financial year.

A small business loan scheme is designed for the unemployedâEURs especially
educated youth, to enable them to start their own businesses. Loans ranging from
Rs500,000 to Rs2 million will be given to youth at a concessionary mark up rate
of eight per cent with the government bearing the remainder.

Fifty per cent of such loans will be given to women and initially these loans
will be advanced by National Bank of Pakistan and First Women Bank. Rs5 billion
have been allocated for the scheme.

The prime minister said under a youth training scheme, those completing a
16-year degree education from recognised institutions will be given practical
training to help them secure jobs at home or abroad.

For this on the job training a Rs10,000 per month scholarship will be given for
one year and 50,000 graduates would benefit from the scheme. Rs4 billion have
been earmarked for this scheme.

A skill development scheme is being launched for boys and girls who have passed
8th grade. They will be given six months training in different trades along with
a scholarship of Rs5,000 a month. The government has earmarked Rs800m for the
scheme.

Sharif also announced a scheme for sponsoring tuition fees of students belonging
to backward areas so that brilliant students are not deprived of their right to
education due to financial constraints.

The government will pay, at an average, Rs40,000 of annual fees on behalf of
each of the 30,000 students for their MAâEURs M.Sc and higher level education.
This scheme is being launched at a cost of Rs1.2 billion.

Rs4 billion has been earmarked for the prime minister's scheme for the provision
of laptops. Under the scheme, 100,000 students will be provided with laptops by
the Federal Government this year.

The prime minister said the federal cabinet has already approved the basic
structure of these schemes and arrangements have also been completed for their
implementation. He however invited suggestions from people to make these schemes
more transparent and 100 per cent merit based.

Details of the schemes will be available on the website www.pmo.gov .pk from
Monday and people can leave comments on the website. Suggestions can also be
sent in writing to the PM office in Islamabad.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2013 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday

Big spenders

BYLINE: Rania MousslyâEUR¨Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 1018 words


Emirati males are the country's biggest youth spenders a recent market research
reveals, making the materialistic attitudes âEUR¨of young people a growing
concern

Youth in the UAE spend most of their income on fashion, with Emirati youth
spending as much as three times more than their expatriate Arab and Asian
counterparts.

A recent market research study revealed that out of every Dh100 spent by the
average UAE youth, almost Dh40 goes on clothing and nearly Dh35 on mobile
phones.

The "Nielsen Next: Understanding youth in the UAE" study was conducted by the
Nielsen Company, a global marketing and advertising research company.

The study included 600 interviews with youths aged 15 to 29 from various
socio-economic backgrounds from Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Sharjah. It revealed that
Dubai is home to the country's biggest young spenders followed by Abu Dhabi.

The figures show Emirati males lead youth spending with expenditures totalling
just over Dh2,000 monthly. Emirati females follow closely with just over Dh1,600
in comparison to Dh1,152 for Arab female expatriates and Dh606 for their Asian
counterparts.

The study shows that Emirati youth have a monthly household income of Dh13,500.
This is almost double that of their expatriate peers which stands at Dh7,800 for
Arabs and Dh6,200 for Asian.

Although the study does not position the country's youth spending habits on a
global scale, spending and debt accumulation amongst the UAE's young is becoming
a growing concern.

Financial ignorance

Hamdah Hassan, 25, is a student at Dubai Women's College (DWC) and recently
wrote an article in the college's quarterly magazine Desert Dawn addressing
increasing debt accumulation amongst Emirati youth.

"The article was inspired by a true story of a 21-year-old colleague of mine who
is obsessed with living a luxurious lifestyle," said Hamdah. "We all used to
think he came from a rich family until we found out everything he has is taken
on bank loans and he's currently in debt for Dh750,000."

A shocking discovery Hamdah made while researching her article was the extent to
which Emirati females take loans for luxury purchases.

"When I interviewed a girl at college who told me her friends take loans for
plastic surgery I was really shocked because I didn't expect it to happen to
that extent," she said. "We hear of people taking loans to buy a car or a house
and some even take loans for shopping, but for botox and liposuctionâEUR¦I
couldn't believe it."

Hamdah works as a producer at Dubai Racing Channel and studies part-time at DWC.
She owes the bank Dh100,000, however it is what she calls a necessary debt. "I
am in debt, I have a car loan which I took because I needed it," she said. "I
would never take a loan for plastic surgery or for expensive handbags because my
future is more important to me than momentary small things I may want now."

She believes the driving force behind the Emirati youth's materialism and
disregard for debt accumulation is a lack of parental guidance.

"We are not raised to know how to save money and therefore we don't value it,"
she said. "As Emiratis we get almost everything free from the government so we
don't have to save; which is why my parents have never advised me to save 10 per
cent of my salary for example."

In a society dominated by the consumer culture Dr Yasmeen Haddad, Social
Psychologist professor at UAE University believes UAE youth need to be
encouraged to adopt meaningful life goals.

"The society surrounding these youths accepts such norms as being the more you
spend the more prestige and status you acquire," she said. "While in other areas
of society high achievement is what elevates a person's status."

Spending is trendy

She added that if a collective society seeks to bring about change it can be
achieved due to the flexibility and adaptability of human nature.

"Human behaviour is determined or affected to a great extent by the consequences
resulting from such behaviour," she said. "If materialism and excessive spending
ceased to be trendy and saving became respectable, people would change their
values and attitudes."

It is incumbent on all players in society, including banks, to effect such
behavioural changes, says Omar Asghar, Head of wealth management at Mashreq
Bank.

"Banks across the world have developed savings programmes in an attempt to make
people save after the market crisis, as saving is now the most important banking
attitude," he said. "The problem is when saving competes with spending it always
loses out due to the human behavioural cognitive aspect."

Mashreq Bank is developing a student banking proposition. "The drive is to make
youth understand the value of living a debt-free life and buying things after
having worked hard for them."

Buying on credit

Yet, it is not just Emirati youth who disregard their spending habits. Obaida
Takriti, a Lebanese national studying at the American University in Dubai,
spends Dh2,000 a month on personal expenses âEUR" more than the total of what
his entire family of seven in Lebanon spends monthly.

He is at university on a scholarship and is financially supported by his uncle
as his parents are unable to do so.

"Everything here is more expensive than in Lebanon plus society here is more
concerned with living in luxury, so to fit in, you have to pay for it," said
Takriti. "I spend around Dh2,000 a month but I know students who spend Dh15,000
not just on food but going out and clothes and stuff."

He added that students who spend excessive amounts of money on personal expenses
usually get the money from their families or work in addition to buying on
credit.

The Nielsen study shows credit cards are not popular amongst UAE youth but one
out of every three youths in Abu Dhabi owns one.

Although splurging on material possessions seems to be the norm for  UAE youth,
some are realising that living in debt for the sake of appearances is wrong.

"I don't feel pressured to buy designer shoes and handbags although I hang
around with people concerned with that stuff," said Hamdah. "At the end of the
day I know they don't even own that stuff because it's all been bought on loan."

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2011 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      April 28, 2016 Thursday 1:04 PM GMT

Chelsea win fourth FA Youth Cup in five years - but where is their victorious
2012 team now?;
As the Blues celebrate yet another FA Youth Cup triumph, we look at how their
2012-winning vintage's careers are progressing

BYLINE: By Joe Mewis

SECTION: SPORT,SOCCER,SOCCER NEWS

LENGTH: 1011 words


Chelsea eased to their third consecutive - and fourth in five years - FA Youth
Cup win last night when they saw off Manchester City 3-1 at Stamford Bridge to
secure a 4-2 aggregate win .

With the young Blues also celebrating back-to-back UEFA Youth League trophies
following their win over Paris Saint-Germain earlier this month, the huge
investment that Roman Abramovich has made into the club's Academy appears to be
having an effect at youth level.

But one of the chief accusations levelled at Chelsea is their poor track record
of promoting youngsters into the first team, with John Terry being the last
homegrown player to command a regular first-team place.

John Terry shares clip of Chelsea starlets winning the FA Youth Cup

Will this current batch of youngsters prove to be different?

While it it is too early to pass judgement on the current crop of Academy
hopefuls, it's worth checking in Chelsea's 2012 FA Youth Cup winners, who will
now be turning 22 years old and should be making waves in the first team, should
they are to become Blues regulars.

Here's a progress check on the Class of 2012, who saw off Blackburn 4-1 on
aggregate to lift the FA Youth Cup.

Still to make his Blues debut, goalkeeper Blackman is currently on loan at
Swedish side Ostersunds, where he has turned out six times this year.

Whilst on loan at Middlesbrough he helped the Championship side to a famous
penalty shootout win over Liverpool in the Capital One Cup, saving a penalty
from Raheem Sterling and then scoring one past Simon Mignolet.

Blackman is under contract at Stamford Bridge until 2019, but his short-term
first-team prospects appear slim, with Thibaut Courtois and Asmir Begovic well
ahead of him in the goalkeeping pecking order.

Defender Kane penned a new three-year deal at Chelsea at the start of this
season after clocking up no less than five loan moves since the 2012 FA Youth
Cup win. His best spell came at Blackburn, where turned out 41 times in 2013-14.

Currently in Holland with NEC Nijmegen, Kane has clocked up plenty of game time,
closing in on 100 first-team appearances, but has yet to cut his teeth at
Premier League level.

The Scottish defender is on loan at Norwegian side Stabaek, following stints at
Scunthorpe and Peterborough. Has only got as far as the under-21 team at Chelsea
and his current deal with Blues is up at the end of this season.

Finally a player with a bit of first-team experiance. The defender was blooded
into the Chelsea first-team in 2012, making a series of appearances before being
loaned to Reading and then Watford, where he has been in and out of the team
this season.

Still under contract at Stamford Bridge, this next season will be crucial for
the versatile Dutchman if he is to forge out a career with the Blues.

Wideman who was released form his Chelsea contract in June 2014. Now plying his
trade in non-league, moving to Guildford City on loan from Farnborough earlier
this season.

A definite miss.

One of the most highly-rated players from the 2012 squad, hopes are still high
that Chalobah has a future with the club.

Went on loan five times to Championship side following the Youth Cup win before
moving his leftfield loan to Napoli at the start of this season. Has failed to
get any meaningful game time at the Serie A side and will likely be sent out
again next season, as he enters the final two years of his current Stamford
Bridge deal.

Swedish midfielder who joined Chelsea in 2010 after the Blues beat off some of
Europe's biggest sides to land his signature.

Only got as far as the Chelsea reserve team though and was released in 2013.
After year-long spells at a number of German clubs, is currently back in Sweden
with AIK Stockholm.

Midfielder Swift has shown promise on loan at Championship side Brentford this
season after making his Chelsea first-team debut in 2014.

His form at Griffin Park has seen him land a place in the current England
Under-21 set-up and the box-to-box midfielder should be able to carve out a
productive Championship career at the very least, should he fail to get past the
oodles of midfielder talent at Stamford Bridge.

Stop us if you've heard this one before, but Feruz is another one that has gone
on a series of loan spells and yet to see any first-team action.

Penned a new deal in 2014 and has since had spells of OFI Crete, Blackpool and
Hibernian, with his spell in Scotland being cut short after he had made only six
substitute appearances.

He was last spotted on trial with Kazakhstan Premier League side Aktobe, but
left their warm-weather training camp in Turkey after a day.

Jose Mourinho said of Baker that if he does not become a senior England
international under his management, he should be blamed. While the Portuguese
did not last as long as he thought he would at Stamford Bridge, the Blues
hierarchy still have high hopes for the England Under-21 intenrational.

Currently on loan at Vitesse, Baker will be hoping to be involved with the Blues
first-team next season.

The Brazilian forward was given his first exposure to the Chelsea first team
under Andre Villas-Boas in 2012, when he won the Blues' Young Player of the Year
award.

Loan spells have followed since then and he is currently at Reading, where he
has been in and out of the team. Piazon's current deal runs until 2017.

The pacy nephew of Chris Kiwomya has seen his development stall in the last 12
month, returning early from a loan spell at Barnsley in 2015, before being
farmed out to League One side Fleetwood Town in February.

The England Under-21 midfielder came off the bench in the second leg of the 2012
final and has so far had the best of the Class of 2012.

Loftus-Cheek made his Blues first-team debut in December 2014 and has clocked up
a regular appearances under Jose Mourinho and Guus Hiddink. Penned a new
five-year deal in February and looks like he will be given every opportunity to
prove himself in the Chelsea first-team squad.

Perhaps tellingly, he is the only player in this list not to have been sent out
on loan.

Will Ruben Loftus-Cheek establish himself as a Chelsea first-team regular?

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 372

LENGTH: 177  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon has said
that the government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme. Talking to
Radio Pakistan, Marvi said that the step has been taken to increase the number
of applications and to attract the youth adding she said the youth has shown
tremendous interest in the loan scheme.

"Though the rate of return of applications is low and therefore on the
directions of the prime minister the conditions have been relaxed", she added.
Marvi has said that now the blood relative has been allowed to become guarantor
of the person. Marvi Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the
country in order to involve them in this scheme.

She said that people of these areas want to open up schools or do other some
other businesses. She said that our teams are working day and night to properly
guide the people of backward areas. Responding to a question, Marvi Memon
clarified that five percent quota has been fixed for the disabled persons in the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Conditions in youth loans eased: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 13

LENGTH: 176  words


Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon has said
that the government has eased up many conditions in the loan scheme.

Talking to Radio Pakistan, Marvi said that the step has been taken to increase
the number of applications and to attract the youth adding she said the youth
has shown tremendous interest in the loan scheme.

"Though the rate of return of applications is low and therefore on the
directions of the prime minister the conditions have been relaxed", she added.
Marvi has said that now the blood relative has been allowed to become guarantor
of the person. Marvi Memon said she has visited several backward areas of the
country in order to involve them in this scheme.

She said that people of these areas want to open up schools or do other some
other businesses. She said that our teams are working day and night to properly
guide the people of backward areas.

Responding to a question, Marvi Memon clarified that five percent quota  has
been fixed for the disabled persons in the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans
.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Power to youth

LENGTH: 440  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced on Saturday to launch six youth welfare
schemes with initial allocations of Rs 20 billion.

Addressing the nation on radio and television[#x201a] the prime minister said
the programmes will be aimed at creating self-employment opportunities for the
youth and will be a step towards the fulfillment of the Pakistan Muslim
League-Nawaz (PML-N)'s manifesto.

He said the Micro-Interest Free Loans Scheme will target the disadvantaged
sections of the society and will benefit 250,000 people, adding that an
allocation of Rs 3.5 billion rupees had been made during the current fiscal
year.

The Small Business Loan Scheme has been designed for unemployed[#x201a]
especially educated, youth to enable them to start their own businesses. Under
the scheme, loans ranging from Rs 500,000 to Rs 2 million will be given to the
youth at a concessionary markup rate of eight percent and the remaining markup
would be borne by the government. Half of the loans would be given to women and
initially the loans would be advanced by the National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and
the First Women Bank. Rs 5 billion have been allocated for the scheme.

The prime minister announced that under the Youth Training Scheme, those
completing sixteen years of education from a recognised institution would be
given practical training to help them secure jobs in Pakistan or abroad.

Nawaz said, "A scholarship of Rs 10,000 per month will be given to 150,000
graduates for on-job training," adding that Rs 4 billion had been earmarked for
the scheme.

The Youth Skilled Development Scheme will be launched for boys and girls who
have passed class eight. They will be given six-month-long training in different
trades and a scholarship of Rs 5000 per month. The premier said the government
had designated Rs 800 million for the scheme.

Nawaz also announced a scheme for sponsoring tuition fees of students from
backward areas so that financial constraints do not deprive brilliant students
of their right to education.

The government will, on average, pay Rs 40,000 annual fee for the higher
education of each of the 30,000 students. This scheme will be launched at a cost
of Rs 1.2 billion.

The prime minister said Rs 4 billion have been earmarked for the Prime
Minister's Scheme for Provision of Laptops. Under the scheme, 100,000 students
will be provided laptops by the federal government this year.

The PM said the federal cabinet had already approved the basic structure of the
schemes and arrangements to implement them had also been completed. However, he
invited suggestions from people to make the schemes more transparent and hundred
percent merit-based.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

PTI tables resolution against PPB in PA

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 44

LENGTH: 324  words


Terming it a legislation violating basic human rights and Constitution,
Opposition Leader in the Punjab Assembly Mian Mehmoodur Rasheed Friday submitted
a resolution in the assembly secretariat against Protection of Pakistan Bill and
demanded its immediate withdrawal.

Meanwhile, Mehmood who is also the chairman of Public Accounts Committee
(PAC-1), heading its meeting, directed the authorities concerned to submit
report regarding violations of rules and regulations in purchase of various
items of public colleges of different cities and examination boards.  The audit
reports revealed serious violations of rules and regulations in purchase of
various items by Government Women College Kasur, Islamia College and Civil
College Multan and intermediate examinations boards of Sargodha, Rawalpindi and
Bahawalpur.

COURT TO BE MOVED AGAINST EMBEZZLEMENT, SAYS PTI: Leaders of PTI (youth wing)
and PTI Punjab chapter have warned the government of moving to the court against
the alleged embezzlement of public funds in Youth Festival and Youth Loan
Scheme.

if the government fails to make public the financial record of the two
programmes in 10 days.

PTI (youth wing) central President, Ali Abbas Bukhari, PTI Punjab President,
Ijaz Chaudhry and Khawaja Shamsul Hassan issued this warning while addressing a
joint Press conference at party's provincial secretariat on Friday.

They alleged that government has defrauded the youth in the name of Youth Loan
Scheme and Youth Festival, while the Guinness Book scandal exposed the real face
of the rulers.

They said that millions of rupees have been used for the advertisement campaign
of youth loan scheme but not a single rupee has been loaned to the youth so far,
as the bank authorities are stating that they don't have the funds to provide
the loans.

PTI leaders said that Khyber PK government was providing 'Karz-e-Hasna' to the
youth, besides identifying projects for them to start their businesses.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

PTI tables resolution against PPB in PA

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 44

LENGTH: 324  words


Terming it a legislation violating basic human rights and Constitution,
Opposition Leader in the Punjab Assembly Mian Mehmoodur Rasheed Friday submitted
a resolution in the assembly secretariat against Protection of Pakistan Bill and
demanded its immediate withdrawal.

Meanwhile, Mehmood who is also the chairman of Public Accounts Committee
(PAC-1), heading its meeting, directed the authorities concerned to submit
report regarding violations of rules and regulations in purchase of various
items of public colleges of different cities and examination boards.  The audit
reports revealed serious violations of rules and regulations in purchase of
various items by Government Women College Kasur, Islamia College and Civil
College Multan and intermediate examinations boards of Sargodha, Rawalpindi and
Bahawalpur.

COURT TO BE MOVED AGAINST EMBEZZLEMENT, SAYS PTI: Leaders of PTI (youth wing)
and PTI Punjab chapter have warned the government of moving to the court against
the alleged embezzlement of public funds in Youth Festival and Youth Loan
Scheme.

if the government fails to make public the financial record of the two
programmes in 10 days.

PTI (youth wing) central President, Ali Abbas Bukhari, PTI Punjab President,
Ijaz Chaudhry and Khawaja Shamsul Hassan issued this warning while addressing a
joint Press conference at party's provincial secretariat on Friday.

They alleged that government has defrauded the youth in the name of Youth Loan
Scheme and Youth Festival, while the Guinness Book scandal exposed the real face
of the rulers.

They said that millions of rupees have been used for the advertisement campaign
of youth loan scheme but not a single rupee has been loaned to the youth so far,
as the bank authorities are stating that they don't have the funds to provide
the loans.

PTI leaders said that Khyber PK government was providing 'Karz-e-Hasna' to the
youth, besides identifying projects for them to start their businesses.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

PTI tables resolution against PPB in PA

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 44

LENGTH: 324  words


Terming it a legislation violating basic human rights and Constitution,
Opposition Leader in the Punjab Assembly Mian Mehmoodur Rasheed Friday submitted
a resolution in the assembly secretariat against Protection of Pakistan Bill and
demanded its immediate withdrawal.

Meanwhile, Mehmood who is also the chairman of Public Accounts Committee
(PAC-1), heading its meeting, directed the authorities concerned to submit
report regarding violations of rules and regulations in purchase of various
items of public colleges of different cities and examination boards.  The audit
reports revealed serious violations of rules and regulations in purchase of
various items by Government Women College Kasur, Islamia College and Civil
College Multan and intermediate examinations boards of Sargodha, Rawalpindi and
Bahawalpur.

COURT TO BE MOVED AGAINST EMBEZZLEMENT, SAYS PTI: Leaders of PTI (youth wing)
and PTI Punjab chapter have warned the government of moving to the court against
the alleged embezzlement of public funds in Youth Festival and Youth Loan
Scheme.

if the government fails to make public the financial record of the two
programmes in 10 days.

PTI (youth wing) central President, Ali Abbas Bukhari, PTI Punjab President,
Ijaz Chaudhry and Khawaja Shamsul Hassan issued this warning while addressing a
joint Press conference at party's provincial secretariat on Friday.

They alleged that government has defrauded the youth in the name of Youth Loan
Scheme and Youth Festival, while the Guinness Book scandal exposed the real face
of the rulers.

They said that millions of rupees have been used for the advertisement campaign
of youth loan scheme but not a single rupee has been loaned to the youth so far,
as the bank authorities are stating that they don't have the funds to provide
the loans.

PTI leaders said that Khyber PK government was providing 'Karz-e-Hasna' to the
youth, besides identifying projects for them to start their businesses.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday

Chouhan announces various schemes for State development

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Jan. 17 -- Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that
cent-percent loan guarantee for establishing self-employment units by youth
costing up to Rs25 lakh will be given by the State Government. Five per cent
interest subsidy will be provided for initial 5 years.

Similarly, up to 20 per cent margin money and loan guarantee on industries worth
up to Rs50,000 will also be given by the State Government. Chouhan was
addressing Yuva Panchayat at Jamboree Maidan here on Wednesday. It was held
under the series of Swami Vivekananda Mahotsav Samaroh. He exhorted youths to
take a pledge for development of self and State.

The CM announced a number of gifts for youths. He said that youths should
establish industries in every village availing benefit of 24-hour power supply
and make their State prosperous and developed. He said that loan guarantee will
be given by the State Government. Now, the State Government will also give
interest on education guarantee loans. Fairs will be held in all districts for
making available higher education loans. Assistance worth up to Rs 15 lakh will
be given to talented students for studies abroad.

Announcing 'Maa Tujhe Pranam Yojna; for youths, Chouhan said that under the
scheme, youths will be taken on visit to border areas. For this, discussions
will be held with the Army. For Olympics, coaching will be imparted to youths in
Madhya Pradesh in water sports, martial arts and shooting. Quantum of sports
prize money will be doubled. Astroturf hockey grounds will be constructed in 15
districts. He said that moral education will be included in syllabus. Yoga
classes will be held in medical colleges. Mukhyamantri Yuva Olympics will be
held at village, development block up to State-level. Its winners will be taken
on visit to Vivekananda Rock Memorial, Kanyakumari. Activities of NSS and NCC
will be expanded in colleges.

The CM announced to bring issuance of duplicate marksheets, migration
certificates and TC under the purview of the Public Service Delivery Guarantee
Act. He said that coaching of martial arts will be imparted in all colleges.
Vacancies of professors will be filled up and smart classes expanded in
colleges. Eleven colleges will be developed as community colleges. For SC, ST
students, 20 post-matric boys and 20 post-matric girls hostels will be
established. Wifi facility will be given in colleges and internet facility in
schools. A campaign will be launched to upgrade laboratories in all colleges.

Chouhan said that first vocational university of the country will be established
to impart job-oriented education to youths. Placement cells will be set up in
all colleges at the district level and Vivekananda Yuva Kendras will be
established in all districts. Engineering colleges are being opened at Jhabua,
Shahdol and Naugaon. He said that Mukhyamantri Yuva Contractor Yojna will be
launched for the benefit of engineering pass outs. They will be trained and if
needed, will also be provided working Capital. Besides, Chief Minister's
Internship Scheme will also be launched. Loans worth upto Rs10 lakh each will be
made available to youths to start custom hiring centres. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Report: (Rs7.885b disburses among loan seekers under PM's Business Loan Scheme
during last three years)

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 262

LENGTH: 211  words


An amount of Rs 7.885 billion has been disbursed to eight thousand two hundred
and thirty-one loan seekers under Prime Minister's Business Loan Scheme during
the last three years.

According to a report, these loans have been given for expanding existing
businesses and for establishing new businesses. Five hundred and fifty-two
youths have been granted loans in Sindh, five thousand eight hundred and
thirty-four in Punjab and one hundred and forty-six in Balochistan.

Similarly, eight hundred and eighty-one loans were given in Khyber Pakhtunkhawa,
one hundred and fifty-two in Gilgit Baltistan, one hundred and sixty-three in
Islamabad and one hundred and fifty-seven in AJK during the last three years.

Other than National Bank of Pakistan, First Women Bank of Pakistan and Sindh
Bank, fifteen commercial banks are implementation partners of the scheme.

The recovery process of the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Scheme is ninety-four
percent. Under this scheme subsidized business loans up to two million rupees at
6% Mark Up are offered to unemployed youth, especially educated youth looking
for establishing or extending business enterprises.

Last year, balloting was done away with to speed up the processing and
disbursement of loan to the potential entrepreneurs.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Report: (Rs7.885b disburses among loan seekers under PM's Business Loan Scheme
during last three years)

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 262

LENGTH: 211  words


An amount of Rs 7.885 billion has been disbursed to eight thousand two hundred
and thirty-one loan seekers under Prime Minister's Business Loan Scheme during
the last three years.

According to a report, these loans have been given for expanding existing
businesses and for establishing new businesses. Five hundred and fifty-two
youths have been granted loans in Sindh, five thousand eight hundred and
thirty-four in Punjab and one hundred and forty-six in Balochistan.

Similarly, eight hundred and eighty-one loans were given in Khyber Pakhtunkhawa,
one hundred and fifty-two in Gilgit Baltistan, one hundred and sixty-three in
Islamabad and one hundred and fifty-seven in AJK during the last three years.

Other than National Bank of Pakistan, First Women Bank of Pakistan and Sindh
Bank, fifteen commercial banks are implementation partners of the scheme.

The recovery process of the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Scheme is ninety-four
percent. Under this scheme subsidized business loans up to two million rupees at
6% Mark Up are offered to unemployed youth, especially educated youth looking
for establishing or extending business enterprises.

Last year, balloting was done away with to speed up the processing and
disbursement of loan to the potential entrepreneurs.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Report: (Rs7.885b disburses among loan seekers under PM's Business Loan Scheme
during last three years)

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 262

LENGTH: 211  words


An amount of Rs 7.885 billion has been disbursed to eight thousand two hundred
and thirty-one loan seekers under Prime Minister's Business Loan Scheme during
the last three years.

According to a report, these loans have been given for expanding existing
businesses and for establishing new businesses. Five hundred and fifty-two
youths have been granted loans in Sindh, five thousand eight hundred and
thirty-four in Punjab and one hundred and forty-six in Balochistan.

Similarly, eight hundred and eighty-one loans were given in Khyber Pakhtunkhawa,
one hundred and fifty-two in Gilgit Baltistan, one hundred and sixty-three in
Islamabad and one hundred and fifty-seven in AJK during the last three years.

Other than National Bank of Pakistan, First Women Bank of Pakistan and Sindh
Bank, fifteen commercial banks are implementation partners of the scheme.

The recovery process of the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Scheme is ninety-four
percent. Under this scheme subsidized business loans up to two million rupees at
6% Mark Up are offered to unemployed youth, especially educated youth looking
for establishing or extending business enterprises.

Last year, balloting was done away with to speed up the processing and
disbursement of loan to the potential entrepreneurs.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

PM announces six youth welfare schemes

LENGTH: 493  words


Prime Minister Mian Nawaz Sharif has announced launching of six schemes for
welfare of youth with initial allocations of twenty billion rupees.

In his address to the nation on Saturday evening, PM Nawaz Sharif said these
programmes are aimed at creating self employment opportunities for youth and are
in fulfilment of its election manifesto.

He said the micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged
sections of the society and will benefit two hundred and fifty thousand people.
An allocation of rupees has been made during the current financial year.

The Small Business Loan Scheme has been designed for unemployed, especially
educated youth to enable them to start their own businesses. Under the scheme
loans ranging from five hundred thousand to two million rupees would be advanced
to youth at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and the remaining burden
of the mark up would be borne by the government. Fifty percent loans would be
given to women and initially these loans would be advanced by National Bank of
Pakistan and First Women Bank. Five billion rupees have been allocated for the
scheme.

Nawaz stated under Youth Training Scheme those completing sixteen year degree
education from recognized institutions would be given practical training to help
them secure job at home or abroad. For this on the job training ten thousand
rupees scholarship per month would be given for one year and fifty thousand
graduates would benefit from the scheme. Four billion rupees have been earmarked
for this scheme.

The Youth Skilled Development Scheme is being launched for boys and girls who
have passed 8th class. They will be given six months training in different
trades along with scholarship of five thousand rupees a month. The government
has earmarked eight hundred million rupees for the scheme.

Mian Nawaz Sharif also announced a scheme for sponsoring tuition fee of students
belonging to backward areas so that brilliant students are not deprived of their
right to education due to financial constraints.

The government would pay at an average forty thousand rupees annual fee on
behalf of each of the thirty thousand students for MA, M.Sc and higher level
education. This scheme is being launched at a cost of 1.2 billion rupees.

The PM said four billion rupees have been earmarked for Prime Minister's scheme
for Provision of Laptops. Under the scheme one hundred thousand students would
be provided laptops this year by the Federal Government.

Nawaz said the Federal Cabinet has already approved basic structure of these
schemes and arrangements have also been completed for their implementation. He
however invited suggestions from people to make these schemes more transparent
and hundred percent merit based.

Details of these schemes would be available on the website www.pmo.gov.pk from
Monday and people can give their comments on the website. Suggestions can also
be sent in writing to the Prime Minister s office in Islamabad.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

Pakistan: Budget-Speech - New Programs for Youth

LENGTH: 700 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 14 -- Mr. Speaker

59. The proposed tax measures are the most important need of the economy. It
will help us in reducing fiscal deficit and also reduce our dependence on
external resources. Thus this is an important move toward achieving
self-reliance.

46

PART-III

New Programs for Youth

Mr. Speaker

60. One of the key messages Prime Minister had given during election campaign
was his commitment to toward the welfare of our youth.

Amongst all sections of our population it is our youth that must not be struck
despair and despondency. It is in fulfillment of his promises with the youth
that following new programs will be launched in next year's budget:

(1) Prime Minister's Youth Training Program: Amongst the youth, the most
vulnerable group are those who have completed a 16-year degree program but have
not been able to find a decent job, mostly for lack of appropriate experience
and training. It is the most cherished desire of the Prime Minister that the
government must handhold this group of highly educated youth to inspire
confidence and assurance in their lives. Accordingly, he has directed that a
comprehensive scheme be developed for such youth in government offices,
corporations, bodies and authorities at all levels. All those completing a
16-year degree program and below the age of 25 years will be eligible for
selection under the scheme. A one-year training program will be designed for
these graduates during which they will be 47 entitled for a stipend of Rs.10,000
per month. Ministry of Education, Training and Standards for Higher Education
will administer the scheme and each applicant will apply on-line and his/her
degrees will be verified also on-line by HEC. I am confident that this scheme
will provide a useful training to qualified youth nearer their homes and will
enable them to fare better in the job market.

(2) Prime Minister's Youth Skills Development Program:

Under this program 25,000 young persons up to the age of 25 and will minimum
qualification of middle, will be imparted training in a number of trades across
the country.

National Vocational and Technical Training Authority (NAVTEC) will manage the
program in collaboration with provincial TEVTA authorities. Six months training
will be given for which fee will be paid by the government. Emphasis will be
placed on such trades as are in demand abroad or will enable the graduates to
become self-employed.

(3) Small Business Loans Scheme: With a view to enable our youth to start their
own business, small business loans will be made available through the banking
system. Under the scheme loans ranging from Rs.100,000 to Rs.2,000,000 will be
available at a mark-up cost of 8%. The remaining cost will be borne by the
Government. In the first year of the scheme, 50,000 loans will be offered. The
scheme will be strengthened in the light of experience gained in first year of
operation.

48

(4) Prime Minister's Scheme for Provision of Laptop: To promote access to
information and communication technology it has been decided that provision of a
laptop for distinguished student pursuing higher education should be made. All
students pursuing a degree program from one of the HEC recognized universities
or institutions and meeting merit criteria to be developed by HEC would be
eligible to get a laptop. HEC will announce the details of the scheme shortly.

(5) Fee Reimbursement Scheme for Less Developed Areas: Under an existing scheme
bright students from less developed areas are provided tuition fee support while
pursuing higher education at Master's and Doctorate levels.

Presently, it is available to students from Balochistan, FATA, Gilgit-Baltistan.
There is no reason why this support should not be expended to other less
developed areas such as those of Interior Sindh and Multan, Bahawalpur and D.G.

Khan Divisions of South Punjab, which are equally less developed. Accordingly,
students from these areas pursuing higher education on merit will also be
eligible for tuition fee support

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Chester Chronicle

                               December 13, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Youth project wins accolade

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 177 words


FLINTSHIRE Youth Forum has won an award for helping to raise awareness about the
impact loan sharks can have on people's lives.

Members of the forum developed a DVD to deliver a message about the dangers of
borrowing money from illegal money lenders.

The forum won a £1,000 cheque at the Stop Loan Sharks Champions awards in the
Northop Hall Country House Hotel by the Wales Illegal Money Lending Unit.

Two years ago the Youth Forum set up a fund to help victims of loan sharks. It
is administered by Trading Standards.

Delyn AM Sandy Mewies, who made the cheque presentation, said: "These young
people have been inspirational in the work they do to help the victims of loan
sharks and to raise awareness about the damage rogue money lenders can do to
families and communities."

Mrs Mewies also presented a cheque to the North Wales Financial Inclusion
Partnership, which consists of members of housing associations across the
region.

She added: "Loan sharks can be unscrupulous, preying on vulnerable and low
income families. They must be rooted out of our communities."

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAND SUPPORT: Flintshire Youth Forum receives a cheque for £1,000.
Pictured left to right, David Riley, Trading Standards, Anthony Jones, Sandy
Mewies AM , Matthew Johnson and Chris Ablett.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHC


                           Copyright 2012 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 196

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 196

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 636

LENGTH: 702  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told APP on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young

people and will continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in
the country's development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 196

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Seven uplift schemes being launched to tap youth potential in KP

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 196

LENGTH: 701  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told on Monday that Youth Marakaz will be
established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities and
colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

How can those who can't manage a province run the country, asks PM

LENGTH: 936  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday said that this was the time to take
practical steps to resolve the problems of the people and not to stage sit-ins,
adding how could those who could not manage the affairs of one province, run the
country.He said those who couldn't get votes in the 2013 elections should wait
for the 2018 general elections instead of hatching conspiracies.



Addressing the second computer balloting for the grant of loans under the Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans at the Convention Centre here, the prime
minister said that in the first phase 38,000 applications for loans were
received under the PM Youth Business Loan Scheme including 31,000 men and 7,000
women. "Of them, 6,000 were selected for grant of loans through computer ballot
in the first draw and 6,000 more are being selected through the second draw," he
added.He expressed the confidence that youth borrowing loans for businesses
would prove to be a harbinger of a social and economic revolution in the
country.

He said the government had launched a number of development projects and was
completing them in record time. He said that $35 billion would be invested in
the power, road and railway sectors during the next ten years.

He said 21,000MW of electricity would be added to the national grid in eight to
10 years."I see great potential in the youth of Pakistan who can bring about an
economic revolution and development in the country through their energy and
dynamism", he added. He said that the middle and lower-middle classes had
contributed to the development of nations like Germany and Japan, and therefore,
he had great expectations from the youth of these classes in Pakistan.

He further said that the Business Loan Scheme would enable thousands of
Pakistani youths to gain financial independence and also prove to be a source of
major economic activity. "The scheme is totally transparent and based on merit,
and I'm emphasising the role of women in the development of Pakistan," he added.
He said that his government was providing equal opportunities to women in all
sectors and therefore all the schemes of the Prime Minister's Youth Program
contained a 50 percent quota for females.

He directed the governor State Bank to engage other Pakistani private banks to
participate in these schemes. "Previously, banks only entertained the affluent
class as the poor were not even allowed to enter the banks. But our government
provided opportunities to the marginalised population for gaining economic
independence," he maintained.

"The money accumulated in the treasury belongs to the people of Pakistan and
they have every right to utilise it for their benefit. It is our obligation to
provide services and initiate welfare projects", he noted.

The premier also appreciated the efforts put in by Finance Minister Ishaq Dar
for presenting a development-oriented and pro-poor budget for 2014-15. As he
elaborated the salient features of the budget, he said that they expected to
control inflation, and attract significant investment and launch development
projects. He said that by the grace of the Almighty and the hard work of the
team, the government had been able to achieve 16.4 percent revenues against a
target of 21 percent which is almost a 90 percent success.

He informed that the livestock insurance scheme had been included in the budget
for 2014-15 that would provide security to small-scale and poor farmers in
protection of investment.The premier emphasised that the government's top
priority was to get rid of the power loadshedding and for this purpose, 21,000MW
of power projects for the next eight to 10 years had been planned.

He stated that unfortunately, previous governments did not pay attention to the
energy crisis and the machinery for the Nandipur power project was abandoned,
rusting at the Karachi port while people were suffering long hours of
loadshedding. "Our government, in a short period of only eight months
reactivated and completed this project which shows our commitment to solve the
energy crisis," he remarked.

He further said that the multi-purpose mega project of Diamer-Bhasha Dam with a
cost of $12 billion and with a capacity of 4,500MW was being undertaken which
would not only generate electricity but also help in managing our water
resources that were being wasted.

He also referred to the $35 billion Pak-China Economic Corridor that would
change the fate of the country. He further said that work on the Karachi-Lahore
Motorway would be initiated soon as Rs55 billion had been allocated for land
acquisition to be completed in three months.

The prime minister said that they should not indulge in the politics of
leg-pulling and unnecessary criticism. The people of Pakistan have shown their
confidence in us in the last elections and it was they who would again decide in
the 2018 elections based on our performance.

Later, he performed the 2nd computerised balloting of the Youth Business Loan
Scheme in which 5,169 loans were awarded to the applicants whose applications
were approved by the National Bank. It may be noted here that a 50 percent quota
was reserved for women with a quota for martyrs and special persons.

He also distributed cheques to some of the successful candidates of the first
balloting. He also directed the president of the National Bank to forward all
the cheques by June 15, 2014.Speaking on the occasion, Minister for Finance
Ishaq Dar said the present government was focusing on the welfare of the
downtrodden sections of society and the launch of six youth-related schemes were
part of that strategy of the PML-N government.



LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Business Loans from Youth Business Sri Lanka

LENGTH: 640  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 16 -- Youth Business Sri Lanka, a youth assistance programme at
the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce, provided loans to the value of six hundred
thousand rupees to eighteen youths from Badulla, Kegalle and Trincomalee, to
commence businesses recently. "The total commitment during this initial phase is
one million rupees", a spokesman for the YBSL said.

The YBSL programme aims to support enterprising young people, aged between 18-35
years, who have a viable business plan, but do not have collateral or supporting
background through a credit facility for business start up. The initial credit
assistance is limited to fifty thousand rupees, to be paid back in twelve
months. The YBSL also provides these young people with businerss mentoring.

Mr. Upali Nissanka Gunasekara, Mayor of Badulla, speaking at the event, said
that it is a continuing problem for the youth in Sri Lanka to get financial
assistance for their businesses due to procedural and collateral issues.

Youth assistance programmes like YBSL fulfill a valuable service in this regard
not only by improving the livelihood of the youth and their families, but also
by contributing to the development of regions like Badulla which are considered
to be less developed, he added. The Chief Guest of the Kegalle event, Mr. D
Abeywickrame, Additional District Secretary of Kegalle, mentioned that as a firm
believer of private-public sector partnership for development, this type of
initiative from the Chambers are welcome and will receive the support of the
government.

The Chairman of the Trincomalee Urban Council, Mr. Gowri Muhundan, pointed out
that youth employment is the need of the hour in the context of post conflict
Sri Lanka. This kind of credit support to youth to start businesses would make
them employment creators and help to eliminate the factors that contribute to
conflict.

The specialty of the YBSL credit programme is that loans are given based on the
viability of the proposed business. In addition, the enterprising youth are
linked to an experienced business person as a mentor.

It is often cited that many small businesses started by youth fail because of
the poor business decisions that are taken, mostly in managing finance, said Mr.
Sujeewa Ratnakumara, the National Programme Manager of YBSL. The YBSL's previous
experience with the Hambantota Youth Business Programme was that over 80% of the
businesses succeeded because of the advice given by a mentor.

Mentoring has become very significant, when youth try to tackle modern day
complexities of a business start up, and mentors provide this assistance
voluntarily, he added. According to YBSL guidelines, the participating Chambers
have arranged suitable mentors for the youth who are receiving loans under the
YBSL programme.

The credit assistance for the YBSL credit programme is given by International
Alert, an INGO working towards empowering youth which supports the YBSL
Secretariat. Youth Business Sri Lanka (www.ybsl.lk) is an accredited programme
of Youth Business International, a charity dedicated to supporting young
entrepreneurs.

YBSL is the leadership body for a network of youth business programmes
implemented in 38 countries. The YBSL programme fits into the Ceylon Chamber of
Commerce's overall development agenda relating to developing the regions and
investing in youth.

Youth Business Sri Lanka was developed in 2007 by the Ceylon Chamber of Commerce
and the Hambantota District Chamber of Commerce, building on the success of
Hambantota Youth Business Trust, which was set up in 1997. To date, the
organization has supported over 400 entrepreneurs through funding and its
network of 85 mentors. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Mirror Sri Lanka. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2009 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Interest-free loan scheme changing lives: Shehbaz

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 341

LENGTH: 983  words


Punjab Chief Minister Shehbaz Sharif has said that interest-free loans are being
provided to the youth and with the introduction of this scheme, lives of
hundreds of thousands of families have been transformed.

Talking to a PML-N delegation who called on him yesterday, the chief minister
said that interest-free loans worth Rs26.5 billion had so far been distributed
under this scheme and 13 lakh families had benefitted from this programme.

The chief minister said that in the coming two years interest-free loans worth
14 billion rupees will be distributed which will benefit 7 lakh more families.
The chief minister said that under the Skill Development Programme special
attention has been paid to train unemployed youth of Pakistan for acquiring
productive skills for gainful employment and we are moving fast towards
achieving the target of training 2 million youth till 2018. With the help of
Skills Development Programme, we are able to resolve problems like poverty and
unemployment in the country.

He said that youth were the valuable asset of Pakistan as the country's future
relied on them.

He said that since 60 per cent of the country's population comprised of youth,
therefore, provision of modern education is essential for the bright future of
this nation. Like in the past, once again Punjab government will leave no stone
unturned to provide modern education to them and to empower them, he added.

He said that to fulfill this objective, the government will spend each and every
available resource to educate and empower the youth of this country. The Punjab
government has initiated many revolutionary programmes for the progress and
development of youth and by empowering them we are moving towards achieving the
goals of progress and prosperity.

The chief minister said that those who are against the progress and development
of Pakistan are also not happy with the introduction of development programs for
the youth of this country. Our youth is fed up of those who made tall claims of
promoting younag leadership but had done nothing to empower them.

The chief minister said that the former rulers who looted the national resources
of this country have destroyed Pakistan. Had there be no looting during the
previous government rule, the situation today would be different. He said that
those who have spread darkness in every corner of the country are today giving
lectures on corruption. It is sad that those who looted national wealth and had
not paid loans worth billions of rupees are now protesting against corruption.
Those who are leveling baseless allegations against the leadership of this
country who is saving billions of rupees on different development projects must
look into their own collars.

Shehbaz Sharif said that a conspiracy had been hatched to spread darkness in the
country with the help of sits-in and lockdown but the 20 million population of
Pakistan had defeated the designs of such entities. The Chief Minister said that
our every step is for the progress and development of this country and under the
dynamic leadership of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Pakistan is economically
strengthening. It is the mission of PML-N to make Pakistan an economic power and
we will do our best to accomplish this mission. The chief minister said that we
will fulfill every promise that has been made to the people of this country in
order to win the hearts and minds of public at large.

Also, Shehbaz Sharif chaired a high level meeting and reviewed progress on
different matters of Pakistan Kidney and Liver Transplant Institute project.

The chief minister said that Pakistan Kidney and Liver Transplant Institute is a
unique project in the history of the country and with the establishment of this
institute kidney and liver patients will be provided modern medical facilities.
The Chief Minister said that there is a plan to establish Hepatitis Clinic on
the project site as well and Hepatitis Clinic will be inaugurated very soon
where hepatitis patients will be provided quality medical facilities. The Chief
Minister gave approval to establish Hepatitis Control Mobile Centers and
instructed to take all immediate steps to establish these centers.

The chief minister said that Hepatitis Control Mobile Centers will be
established in a phased manner and in the first phase Hepatitis Control Mobile
Centers will be established in 9 divisions whereas the scope of these centers
will be spread to each and every district of Punjab but in a phased manner. The
Chief Minister directed to functionalize Human Organ Transplant Authority on
priority basis and to take immediate steps to fully activate it.

Shehbaz Sharif said that Pakistan Kidney and Liver Transplant Institute will be
a landmark project in the field of medical science and research and for the
provision of quality medical facilities to the patients. It will be a state of
the art institute and will be considered in the top world level best medical
institute. Pakistan Kidney and Liver Transplant Institute is not only for Punjab
but for the whole Pakistan and with the establishment of this institute modern
medical facilities will be available to kidney and liver patients under one
roof.

For Pakistan Kidney and Liver Transplant Institute project, provision of
international standard medical facilities will be ensured and all the medical
facilities provided to the patients will be of international standards. He
directed to take immediate steps to select human resource for this project.

Provincial Minister for Specialized Healthcare and Medical Education Khawaja
Salman Rafique, Secretary Specialized Healthcare and Medical Education,
Secretary Primary and Secondary Health Care, Chief Executive Officer
Infrastructure Development Authority Punjab, President Pakistan Kidney and Liver
Transplant Institute Board of Governors Dr Saeed Akhtar and other relevant
authorities also took part in the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

PM okays loan scheme for youth

BYLINE:  A Reporter

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 311

LENGTH: 216  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Monday approved the Youth Business Loan Scheme
which will benefit 350,000 individuals.

The premier said at a review meeting of Youth Programme that the government
would support talented and unemployed youth for making them self-reliant.

The prime minister directed to ensure transparency and fairness in loan
disbursement process with directives: "No political and administrative
interference will be tolerated and I will personally supervise and monitor the
scheme to ensure youth in all parts of the country gain maximum benefits out of
it".

The scheme will provide loan to unemployed, especially educated youth for
establishing or extending their businesses. Men and women aged between 21 and 45
with entrepreneurial potential will be eligible for the scheme with 50 per cent
quota reserved for women.

The National Bank and First Women Bank (FWB) will execute the scheme under the
supervision of State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) while other banks will join in after
approval of their business plans. Loaning amount will be Rs0.5 million to Rs2m
with an average loan size of Rs1.25m.

Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, Minister for Information Pervaiz Rasheed, Secretary
to PM Javed Aslam, Governor SBP Yaseen Anwar and President FWB Ms Charmaine
Hidayatullah attended the meeting.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

Youth loan scheme not a political gimmick, says PM Sharif

LENGTH: 355  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday said that the recently-launched youth
loan scheme is not a political 'gimmick.'

Addressing a launching ceremony of the Prime Ministers Business Loan Scheme for
Youth in Bahawalpur, he said that youths should be able to play their due role
in the development of Pakistan.

PM Sharif said that the country is facing some key challenges including
extremism, terrorism and energy crisis.

"The government is trying to address all these issues," he said, adding the
government has taken several measures to control energy crisis.

The prime minister said that the fact young people are taking in the loan
scheme, under which Rs100 billion have been earmarked, encourages him.

He said that during the six-month rule of this government not a single
corruption scandal has been reported, adding his government won't allow
corruption at any level.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has said credit goes to the incumbent governments
transparent policies that no scandal of corruption has surfaced during the last
six months.

He categorically stated that one hundred billion rupees scheme has not been
launched for political gains as it is in the best national interests. He said
the future of this country is linked with the youth and expressed the confidence
that they will not disappoint the nation.

He hoped that the first year of loan scheme will be a success story for the
youth and in the next four years, more allocations will be made for the scheme.
He said he will visit each nook and corner of the country to get firsthand
knowledge of the problems being faced by the youth.

Referring to the challenges of militancy, terrorism, unemployment and energy
shortage in the country, the Prime Minister expressed the commitment to confront
them at all costs.

He said though the issue of electricity shortage has not been resolved fully and
much more needs to be done in this regard, yet the supply situation has improved
a lot during the last six months.  He said mega projects such as dams of Diamer
Basha, Dasu, Bunji and coal based Gaddani and solar park will be constructed in
order to overcome the power shortage.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                               September 03, 2013

Youth Fund Changing Lifestyles

LENGTH: 722 words


THE Government under the Patriotic Front (PF) has rolled out a K19 million
empowerment fund to various youth groups in Zambia for this year.

In response to the unemployment problems among the youths in Zambia, the
Government, through the ministry of Youth and Sport, has funded business
projects among young people as one way of stimulating economic growth in Zambia
through wealth and job creation.

Last Friday the Olympic Youth Development Centre (OYDC) in Lusaka was a hive of
activities that led to the handing over of cheques to the youths that fulfilled
the requirements of accessing the youth

empowerment fund in Lusaka Province.

It is important at this stage to shower some praises on the Government of the
day for this concerted effort in trying to not only solve the unemployment
problems among the youths, but also to stimulate economic growth through
supporting business projects being carried out by the young people in Zambia.

The message by the Minister of Sport Chishimba Kambwili, when handing over the
cheques to some deserving youths running the funded business projects, was
appropriate.

The rolling out of the funds is being witnessed in all provincial centres,
meaning that the cake is being shared throughout Zambia.

This column has also learnt that before the youths are given the cheques for
their business projects, they have to pass through orientation courses to teach
them basics of how to manage their businesses in relation to the money received.

We must admit that the Government, by availing the empowerment funds to the
business projects being conducted by the youths, is complementing the role of
capital markets in Zambia.

Just as the capital markets play an important role of mobilsing resources and
channelling them into productive areas to facilitate and promote the economic
growth in the country, the Government by slicing a piece of cake from the Budget
and putting it into business projects being conducted by the youths is equally
playing the role of the capital markets.

It is, therefore, gratifying to note that the Government, through the ministry
of Finance, is poised to increase the youth empowerment funds even further

However, as a country, we must note that the youth empowerment funds being
rolled out to the youth business projects are being given to them in form of
loans.

In this case it is very clear that the revolving fund account in which the loans
repaid are poured back is

created.

It is important for the ministry to ensure that it puts in place a proper
monitoring mechanism for the money being given to the business projects run by
the youths to be put to the intended use and

later the loans paid back and used by other youths.

Just giving money to the youths and giving them business management orientation
courses is not enough.

There is need for the ministry to partner with the youths in as far as managing
these businesses who have

received the empowerment funds until the loans are repaid.

This column from time to time has talked about the so many challenges being
faced by small businesses in this country.

One such common challenge is business record keeping.

Small business owners in Zambia pay little attention to the manner in which
records are kept.

And research has shown that this problem contributes to 30 per cent failure of
most small businesses.

A small business that strengthens business records must in the foremost be
strong in the cash management business records.

Most small businesses that I have visited to start with have weak signing
arrangements of cheques at the bank.

Most of them have a director who is the sole signatory to the account. It is
very easy to abuse the business funds in this arrangement because if anything
not connected to the business happens, funds could be withdrawn.

The golden rule which is taking any money that comes into a business to the bank
whether it is one ngwee, is not followed accordingly in small businesses and Iam
speaking from experience adduced from my

interaction with small businesses.

Iam compelled to say this because some of these problems, though small they
might sound, are bases on which these businesses can be advanced and may in the
process make recipients fail to pay back the loans.

Theory business management must be blended with practical experience

to ensure that the intended goals of the Government are achieved.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            July 17, 2013 Wednesday

Pakistan: Seven uplift schemes launched to tap youth potential in KP

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, July 17 -- The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven
development schemes for motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on
construction of district youth centres, stipend for jobless and launching of
skill development programme to make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

An official of Finance Department told media on Monday that Youth Marakaz will
be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of universities
and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young

people and will continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in
the country's development, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                              June 22, 2012 Friday

Debt is bad except if it's not

LENGTH: 970  words


Illustration by Gary Clement for The National

Felicity Glover

Good debt. Bad debt. Do you know the difference? More to the point, does your
teenager?

When I was a teenager, I have to say that I didn't know the difference between
the two. That's not to say that I was a Luddite, it was just that back then
there wasn't much in the way of complex financial products out there.

No bank competing for your hard-earned dirhams with their free-for-life, but
oh-so-high-interest credit cards; no bank tempting you with an iPad or other
giveaways if you wanted a high-interest personal loan for your next holiday or
shopping spree.

My parents were conservative when it came to money. They had a mortgage and a
credit card for emergencies. And that was about it. So back then, there wasn't a
great deal to teach me about how to handle my personal finances aside from the
basics.

My father was a strictly one-third man: one third of your salary for day-to-day
living, one third for your rent/mortgage and one third for saving. He had a
pretty good retirement fund, a life insurance policy, a will and solid savings.

It was an uncomplicated financial planning strategy, but one that was effective
back then - and not bad for a man with five children and a wife to support.

In those days, I had a part-time job and was earning just A$8 (Dh29.50 at
today's rate) in return for four hours a week of washing dishes in a Chinese
restaurant.

Just to qualify: I was 14. It was the worst job of my life, but I did learn a
few lessons from it: knowing the satisfaction of saving up for something and the
importance of putting away my money for a rainy day. And that I never wanted to
wash another dish in my life. But that's another story.

Fast-forward to the present and the financial life of a teenager has transformed
into a complicated saga that is driven by a number of factors: peer pressure,
easy access to money and credit, especially in the UAE, and little, if any,
understanding of financial literacy.

Which brings me to an interesting, very encouraging debate I attended last week
that was organised by the Emirates Foundation for Youth Development, which has
made the understanding of smart money management among young Emiratis a
priority.

The global financial crisis has ensured that there's never been a more vital
time than now to manage our personal finances in a responsible manner. Many
adults know that, although some have yet to put it into practice for various
reasons and are perhaps also neglecting to teach their children just how
important it is to grow into fiscally responsible adults.

And as the push in the UAE for financial literacy programmes gains hold,
Emirates Foundation, led by its charismatic chief executive Clare Woodcraft, has
decided that it's time for the country's youth to also start understanding what
it entails.

Although the initiative is in its early stages, there are some alarming
statistics out there. And while they are not as up to date as they could be,
they are a good indicator that many Emirati youths lack the basics when it comes
to financial literacy.

According to an Arab youth survey conducted in 2010 by Asda'a
Burston-Marsteller, 70 per cent of young Emiratis are in debt. Of that total,
personal loans accounted for 21 per cent, bank loans 35 per cent, credit cards
30 per cent and student loans 14 per cent.

Can you pick the good and bad debts in that list? A personal loan equals bad
debt, as do other bank loans (unless it's a mortgage) and credit cards. The only
debt that could be considered good is a student loan - and only if it's being
used to pay for education.

Here's another one. According to Nielsen Next: Understanding Youth in the UAE,
2011, Emirati youths spend as much as three times more than their expatriate
Arab and Asian counterparts.

I wrote about this study in my column in April last year. It found that Emirati
youths have an average monthly household income of Dh13,500 (US$3,675), almost
double that of expatriate Arabs at Dh7,800 and considerably more than the
Dh6,200 Asian expat youth have.

Like all youth the world over, young Emiratis face similar challenges when it
comes to managing their personal finances. The debate, however, was focused on
finding partners and workable, long-term solutions to an issue that has
far-reaching consequences in a world that is teetering on the economic edge.

It's also not about blame, although I'm a firm believer in the multi-pronged
approach: parents, schools and financial institutions must step up to the plate
and work together to teach all children financial literacy.

During the debate, a few solutions were suggested from the floor, including one
novel idea: educating bank staff to explain to customers what debt is, rather
than just selling them a high-interest loan or credit card that comes with a few
so-called perks, such as bonus air miles, a free gadget or whatever.

Probably the biggest challenge the initiative faces is introducing behavioural
change, not just for the spending habits of Emirati youths, but also how they
manage their finances, as well as eliminating that frustrating teen angst known
universally as peer pressure.

But if there's one thing going for the UAE, it has to be its ability to make
something happen once it sets its mind to it.

"We should be able to get something scalable up and running quite quickly," says
Ms Woodcraft. "And you have also a very strong community structure that will no
doubt be very helpful; really providing guidance and support. You should be able
to have some structural shift in the way people finance themselves."

And just for the record, good debt is asset-linked (such as a home) and bad debt
is consumption-linked (such as using your credit card to fund a holiday). Tell
that to your kids.

fglover@thenational.ae

Industry Insights newsletter:Click to register

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2012 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Pakistan: PSIC advances Rs 50 mln loans to unemployed youth

LENGTH: 239 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Jan. 17 -- Punjab Small Industries Corporation (PSIC) in

collaboration with NGO Akhuwat has advanced rupees 50 million as loans to
unemployed youth across the province.

The loans have been extended from a total of one billion rupees

interest-free micro-financing venture.

Talking to various delegations of skilled and unskilled youths in

different villages at Kasur on Monday,Managing Director PSIC, Farhan Aziz
Khawaja, said that the Punjab chief minister had approved Rs 1,000 million for
extending interest-free loans to the most deserving people in the province.

3,000 poor families in Lahore,Multan, Rawalpindi,Faislabad and Sarghoda

divisions had been given an amount of Rs 50 million through cheques,He said.

The loans would help the youth to set up their own business

to pass livelihood with dignity. The unemployed skilled and unskilled youths of
PVTC,TEVTA,Sanatzar of Social Welfare Department and other recognised training
institutions of public and private sector

were being accorded priority,he explained.

He said that all Regional Directors PSIC across the province had

already been directed to visit villages and identify people for disbursement of
loans in order to alleviate abject poverty.

The MD said that in remaining divisions, spade work was in full swing

and efforts were being made to expedite the process of grant of loans to poor
segments of society Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2016 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                October 4, 2016

                          YOUTH SERVICE PROVIDERS CIC

                            WHITTLESEY YOUTH CENTRE
                                   SCALDGATE
                                  PETERBOROUGH
                              Peterborough PE7 1SD


TRADE ADDRESS: Whittlesey Youth Centre Scaldgat Whittlesey, Peterborough PE7 1SD

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 07778323

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 19, 2011
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Richard Jenkins, Youth & Community Work
     ·    Viv Merryweather, Youth Development Coordinator
     ·    Stephanie Webb, Youth And Community Developmen


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited company without share capital::Private Limited
company without share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Small unquoted company filing only a modified balance sheet

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
74149 - Business and management consultancy activities not elsewhere classified

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016
FISCAL YEAR END: March 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  March 31, 2016
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  July 29, 2016
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 19, 2016
CREDIT LIMIT:  1,100

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                2,000     3,000     3,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                             2,000     3,000     3,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                           9,000    27,000    28,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   1,000     1,000     2,000
Other Current Assets                          10,000    28,000    30,000
Total Current Assets                          10,000    28,000    30,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                  12,000    31,000    33,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                   6         5         4
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities              2,000     2,000     4,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                      2,000     2,000     4,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                              2,000     2,000     4,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                 10,000    29,000    29,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                             10,000    29,000    29,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                    10,000    29,000    29,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                           6         5         4
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed      10,000    29,000    29,000
Net Worth             10,000    29,000    29,000
Working Capital        8,000    26,000    26,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -    -61    -64
Current Assets          -    -64    -67
Current                 -      0    -50
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -    -66    -66
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 105,247 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2016)
SIC Code:
74149 Business and management consultancy activities not
elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.00    36.28   111.32
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -4.03    13.51    84.58
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -0.76    13.04    53.73
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              59.26   135.71   326.32
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       39.11     0.00     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   1.00     1.44     3.00
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,500.0 31,447.7 51,335.3
                                                          0        8        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  31,993.7 91,433.4 169,645.
                                                          5        7        8
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  54.34    33.95    12.51



CREDIT RATING
Year  0  6
=        2
Year -1  7
=        3
Year -2  7
=        0
Year -3  7
=        4

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/03/201 31/03/201 31/03/201
                                                       6         5         4
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                5.00     14.00      7.50
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  5.00     14.00      7.50
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.83      0.94      0.88
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 10,000

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016


                              878 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             July 11, 2015 Saturday

Third balloting of PM Youth Loan Scheme put off

BYLINE: Fakhar Durrani

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 137

LENGTH: 179  words


The government has asked the National Bank of Pakistan to postpone the third
balloting of Prime Minister Youth Loan Scheme until the bank disburses the loan
amount to the successful candidates of first two ballotings, whereas it has also
started engaging private banks for the scheme.

Top management of the bank when contacted, informed The News that the bank has
always fully cooperated with the management of PM youth Loan Scheme and it has
disbursed Rs 4.99 billion among 6,067 applicants so far.

National Bank's Coordinator for the PM Youth Business Loan Scheme Irtiza Kazmi
said the bank has approved 4,900 cases for the third tranche. However, the third
balloting has been postponed until the bank clears the first two ballotings.

Talking about first two ballotings, he said 10,442 applicants were approved for
the loan. However out of these 8,800 accepted the offer letter. Whereas 6,067
out of 8,800 fulfilled all the required criteria and were sanctioned loan
whereas the remaining 2,000 plus are yet to fulfil the criteria after which they
would be disbursed the loans.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

Interest-free loans to youth to help reduce unemployment

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 268

LENGTH: 458  words


MNA Ch Armughan Subhani has said that the basic agenda of PML-N govt is to serve
the masses and bring about betterment in the quality of their lives.

He said that the Youth Loan Scheme was a revolutionary step by the PML-N
government which would create new opportunities of employment.

He said this while talking to the delegations of women and youths at his
residence here on Monday.

MPA Ch Tariq Ali Subhani and Sufi Muhammad Ishaq were also present on the
occasion.

Ch Armughan said that the women and youth would play a pivotal role in
strengthening the national economy, besides, putting it towards the goal of
national stability.

The MNA said that the PML-N government was taking keen interest in solving the
problems of the women, youths, skilled and educated persons on priority.

He said that Youth Loan Scheme had been initiated to provide jobs to younger
generation, under which interest free loans were being provided to enable them
start their own businesses.

He said that yellow cab scheme had been initiated to enable the educated youth
to stand on their own feet, while Punjab Skills Development Programme had been
initiated through which the younger generation was being imparted skill in
different technical fields.

The programme is being expanded throughout the country so that skilled manpower
could be produced in accordance with the needs of the market.

Subhani said that the government had started revolutionary practical steps to
pull the country out of persisting energy crisis, besides tackling the internal
and external issue amicably in the larger national interests.

Punjab govt appoints 317 doctors: The Punjab government has appointed as many as
317 doctors on three-year contractual basis to ensure functioning of 100 Rural
Health Centres (RHCs) and Basic Health Units (BHUs), lying non-functional since
long due to unavailability of doctors in Gujranwala Division's all the six
Sialkot, Narowal, Gujrat, Mandi Bahauddin, Hafizabad and Gujranwala districts.

Gujranwala Division Commissioner Khawaja Shamail Ahmed disclosed this while
talking to the media here the other day. He said that the appointment letters
were being distributed among the doctors through their respective EDOs (health).

CM RELEASES RS50M FOR CHAWINDA UPLIFTS: Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif has
ordered the release of a special grant of Rs50 million for different development
and public welfare projects for Chawinda city.

MPA Rana Liaqat Ali disclosed this while talking to the newsmen at Chawinda here
on Monday.

PML City President Muhammad Ehsan Bajwa was also present on the occasion.

The MPA said that the chocked sewerage system of the city would also be
rectified soon, besides, providing better sanitation facilities to the
inhabitants of Chawinda.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

Interest-free loans to youth to help reduce unemployment

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 268

LENGTH: 458  words


MNA Ch Armughan Subhani has said that the basic agenda of PML-N govt is to serve
the masses and bring about betterment in the quality of their lives.

He said that the Youth Loan Scheme was a revolutionary step by the PML-N
government which would create new opportunities of employment.

He said this while talking to the delegations of women and youths at his
residence here on Monday.

MPA Ch Tariq Ali Subhani and Sufi Muhammad Ishaq were also present on the
occasion.

Ch Armughan said that the women and youth would play a pivotal role in
strengthening the national economy, besides, putting it towards the goal of
national stability.

The MNA said that the PML-N government was taking keen interest in solving the
problems of the women, youths, skilled and educated persons on priority.

He said that Youth Loan Scheme had been initiated to provide jobs to younger
generation, under which interest free loans were being provided to enable them
start their own businesses.

He said that yellow cab scheme had been initiated to enable the educated youth
to stand on their own feet, while Punjab Skills Development Programme had been
initiated through which the younger generation was being imparted skill in
different technical fields.

The programme is being expanded throughout the country so that skilled manpower
could be produced in accordance with the needs of the market.

Subhani said that the government had started revolutionary practical steps to
pull the country out of persisting energy crisis, besides tackling the internal
and external issue amicably in the larger national interests.

Punjab govt appoints 317 doctors: The Punjab government has appointed as many as
317 doctors on three-year contractual basis to ensure functioning of 100 Rural
Health Centres (RHCs) and Basic Health Units (BHUs), lying non-functional since
long due to unavailability of doctors in Gujranwala Division's all the six
Sialkot, Narowal, Gujrat, Mandi Bahauddin, Hafizabad and Gujranwala districts.

Gujranwala Division Commissioner Khawaja Shamail Ahmed disclosed this while
talking to the media here the other day. He said that the appointment letters
were being distributed among the doctors through their respective EDOs (health).

CM RELEASES RS50M FOR CHAWINDA UPLIFTS: Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif has
ordered the release of a special grant of Rs50 million for different development
and public welfare projects for Chawinda city.

MPA Rana Liaqat Ali disclosed this while talking to the newsmen at Chawinda here
on Monday.

PML City President Muhammad Ehsan Bajwa was also present on the occasion.

The MPA said that the chocked sewerage system of the city would also be
rectified soon, besides, providing better sanitation facilities to the
inhabitants of Chawinda.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

Interest-free loans to youth to help reduce unemployment

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 268

LENGTH: 458  words


MNA Ch Armughan Subhani has said that the basic agenda of PML-N govt is to serve
the masses and bring about betterment in the quality of their lives.

He said that the Youth Loan Scheme was a revolutionary step by the PML-N
government which would create new opportunities of employment.

He said this while talking to the delegations of women and youths at his
residence here on Monday.

MPA Ch Tariq Ali Subhani and Sufi Muhammad Ishaq were also present on the
occasion.

Ch Armughan said that the women and youth would play a pivotal role in
strengthening the national economy, besides, putting it towards the goal of
national stability.

The MNA said that the PML-N government was taking keen interest in solving the
problems of the women, youths, skilled and educated persons on priority.

He said that Youth Loan Scheme had been initiated to provide jobs to younger
generation, under which interest free loans were being provided to enable them
start their own businesses.

He said that yellow cab scheme had been initiated to enable the educated youth
to stand on their own feet, while Punjab Skills Development Programme had been
initiated through which the younger generation was being imparted skill in
different technical fields.

The programme is being expanded throughout the country so that skilled manpower
could be produced in accordance with the needs of the market.

Subhani said that the government had started revolutionary practical steps to
pull the country out of persisting energy crisis, besides tackling the internal
and external issue amicably in the larger national interests.

Punjab govt appoints 317 doctors: The Punjab government has appointed as many as
317 doctors on three-year contractual basis to ensure functioning of 100 Rural
Health Centres (RHCs) and Basic Health Units (BHUs), lying non-functional since
long due to unavailability of doctors in Gujranwala Division's all the six
Sialkot, Narowal, Gujrat, Mandi Bahauddin, Hafizabad and Gujranwala districts.

Gujranwala Division Commissioner Khawaja Shamail Ahmed disclosed this while
talking to the media here the other day. He said that the appointment letters
were being distributed among the doctors through their respective EDOs (health).

CM RELEASES RS50M FOR CHAWINDA UPLIFTS: Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif has
ordered the release of a special grant of Rs50 million for different development
and public welfare projects for Chawinda city.

MPA Rana Liaqat Ali disclosed this while talking to the newsmen at Chawinda here
on Monday.

PML City President Muhammad Ehsan Bajwa was also present on the occasion.

The MPA said that the chocked sewerage system of the city would also be
rectified soon, besides, providing better sanitation facilities to the
inhabitants of Chawinda.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

PM approves Youth Business Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 88  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, Monday, said that government would support
talented and unemployed youth of Pakistan to make them self-reliant.

While chairing a meeting to review the Prime Minister's Youth Programme here he
approved Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme under this scheme three and
a half lakh youth will be given loans.

The Prime Minister was apprised that the net beneficiaries from this Business
Youth Loan Scheme will be about 10 million people hailing from the length and
breadth of the country.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

PM approves Youth Business Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 88  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, Monday, said that government would support
talented and unemployed youth of Pakistan to make them self-reliant.

While chairing a meeting to review the Prime Minister's Youth Programme here he
approved Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme under this scheme three and
a half lakh youth will be given loans.

The Prime Minister was apprised that the net beneficiaries from this Business
Youth Loan Scheme will be about 10 million people hailing from the length and
breadth of the country.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

KPK Govt plans to launch seven uplift schemes to tap youth potential

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 196

LENGTH: 705  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

In a media interview, an official of Finance Department Monday said that Youth
Marakaz will be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of
universities and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

KPK Govt plans to launch seven uplift schemes to tap youth potential

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 196

LENGTH: 705  words


The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) government has planned seven development schemes for
motivation and uplift of youth by focusing on construction of district youth
centres, stipend for jobless and launching of skill development programme to
make best use of their potential.

To provide career counselling and recreational facilities to youth, the Pakistan
Tahirk-e-Insaf led government has decided to construct District Youth Centers
(DYC) at divisional headquarters through community driven development
initiatives for organising sports events, youth mobilization, awareness
campaigns.

In a media interview, an official of Finance Department Monday said that Youth
Marakaz will be established in the existing government buildings on patterns of
universities and colleges to fully tap their hidden talent.

He said work on these projects would be initiated in current fiscal year costing
Rs 70 million.

He said a stipend for unemployed youth scheme is also being initiated under
which Rs 2,000 per month would be provided to the fresh masters degree holders
of 2013-14, adding Rs 500 million has been allocated in the budget for this
purpose.

In addition to establishment of Technology Up-gradation and Skill Development
Company (TUSDEC) costing Rs 150 million, he said the government has planned to
launch Youth Skill Development (YSDP) Programme under which the government will
bear the training charges as well provide stipend to students aged 18-25, who
undergoes technical training.

He said the government would spent Rs 100 million in current fiscal year.

Youth Challenge Fund (YCF) is also being established to encourage local
entrepreneurship in the province with Rs 2 million seed money for 50 top
business proposals prepared by young business planning youth that would be
assessed through a transparent system of competition, adding Rs 120 million has
been allocated in the budget.

The government will initiate sports facilities for youth to promote healthy
co-curricular activities in the province.Under this scheme, he said, sports
equipment/items would be provided to high schools  with playground facility with
allocation of Rs 100 million for current fiscal year in the budget.

Khud Kifalat interest free scheme is also being initiated in KP according to
which an interest free loan of Rs 50,000 to 200,000 will be provided to bonafide
residents of this province in the age range of 18 to 50 years.

He said the loan shall be secured through personal guarantee by two guarantors
and Rs 2.7 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Madrasa interest free micro finance credit scheme has been planned under which
an interest free loan of Rs 25,000 to 50,000 shall be extended to Madaris in 12
backward districts to be selected on the basis of credible survey and a sum of
Rs 1 billion has been allocated for this purpose during 2013-14.

Ranrra solar energy initiative loan is also being launched under which a loan
upto Rs 30 million on 7% markup for a period of 6 years with 1 year grace period
shall be granted to bonafide residents of KP, upto 60 years age for the
establishment of employment oriented businesses in the province with debt-equity
ratio of 60:40.

The loan shall be recovered in quarterly instalments and Rs 300 million has been
allocated for this purpose in the budget.

Under the Community Driven Local Development programme, he said a policy and
governance framework for community driven local development is being adopted by
the government of KP under which funds would be directly transferred to the
village based organisations/councils that would be monitored through strict
system of performance audit.

The EU has allocated Rs 1 billion and counterpart funds of Rs 500 million shall
be provided by government of KP.

He said the govt's these schemes would help to expand opportunities for young
people and will generate employment opportunities for them.

He said the government is committed to strengthening and empower youth because
their leadership and commitment is essential to the success of our collective
efforts.

The government strongly believed in the potential of all young people and will
continue to support them so that they could richly contribute in the country's
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Scheme modalities issued

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 318

LENGTH: 804  words


: The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) on Tuesday issued modalities for "Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans Scheme"- a mark-up subsidy and partial guarantee
facility for extension of small business loans up to Rs 2 million for 7 years.
Initially, the federal government has allocated Rs 5 billion and some 100,000
loans will be disbursed under this scheme.

All men/women holding CNIC, aged between 21 and 45 years with entrepreneurial
potential to apply from designated branches mapped with area of
residence/business. According to a circular issued by the SBP, small business
loans will focus on (but will not be restricted to) unemployed youth, especially
educated youth looking for establishing or extending business enterprises.

Tenor of loan will be up to 7 years with six (6) months grace period and it will
be disbursed at fixed rate of 8 percent for borrower. While, the government will
pay the difference of the cost at KIBOR+500bps. Under this loan scheme major
focus on women has been stressed and some 50 percent of loans will go to women
borrowers.

According to the SBP small Businesses have potential to revitalise economic
activity by creating employment opportunities, reducing poverty and providing
economic linkages/services to the corporate sector. The growth of Small
Businesses and their access to formal finance is imperative for development of
economy. However, despite their strong potential, the small businesses
particularly young entrepreneurs have traditionally remained credit constrained
due to risk perception of banks towards these economic segments. On the other
hand, the educated youth generally lacks entrepreneurial skills.

The government is cognisant of this scenario and is committed towards uplifting
the youth and providing them opportunities of financial independence through
self employment. With this objective, the government has introduced Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans scheme.

As per salient features of the scheme, approved by the Prime Minister, on
security requirements side one guarantor will be required for the loan. While,
debt-equity ratio will be 90:10 and the borrower's contribution of equity would
be in the form of cash or immovable property and will be required after approval
of the loan.

On the risk mitigation side government will bear up to 5 percent losses on the
portfolio of the bank under this scheme In the first instance, National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank Limited (FWBL) will serve as executing
agency under the guidance and supervision of State Bank of Pakistan. However,
the SBP is to ensure participation of private banks and private banks will be
required to participate in this scheme on the basis of soundness of business
proposals.

The SBP will encourage private banks to build this portfolio commensurate with
their size and the central bank will arrange appropriate training for private
banks to implement this scheme. However, NBP will continue to play the lead
role. All sectors standardised schemes/ projects/ undertakings will be designed
by SMEDA, projects designed by private sector service providers or by
individuals themselves will also be admissible.

The 50 feasibilities prepared and uploaded by SMEDA will be extensively
publicised and their access to public made easier through multiple linkages with
other relevant websites. Secondly, SMEDA will work closely with Punjab
Information Technology Board (PITB) to ensure that the schemes are accessible to
those who participated in the PITB survey. Application Form would be both in
English and Urdu; and require minimum essential information with simple format.

The processing time will not exceed 15 days and will be so stated clearly in the
application form; and the forms would be readily available both in branches and
through nominated websites of the banks. A Non-refundable form processing fee
will be Rs 100 (One Hundred).

The SBP will publish consolidated information about the loans extended under
this scheme for the public on quarterly basis on its website and an effective
Complaint Center to process and resolve complaints will be set up; E-government
directorate of Ministry of IT will provide support.

In case of Balochistan, at least one branch of NBP will be designated per
Division. All non-designated NBP branches will also provide and receive filled
application forms and dispatch them to the nearest branches. State Bank will
monitor implementation of the scheme through weekly, monthly and quarterly
reports. The banks are advised to gear up their systems for successful operation
of this scheme and to avoid any misuse of the scheme. Application forms for the
loans under this scheme will be available on NBP and FWBL's websites and
eligible borrowers can apply for the loans immediately after formal launch of
the Scheme by the Prime Minister.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Scheme modalities issued

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 318

LENGTH: 804  words


: The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) on Tuesday issued modalities for "Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans Scheme"- a mark-up subsidy and partial guarantee
facility for extension of small business loans up to Rs 2 million for 7 years.
Initially, the federal government has allocated Rs 5 billion and some 100,000
loans will be disbursed under this scheme.

All men/women holding CNIC, aged between 21 and 45 years with entrepreneurial
potential to apply from designated branches mapped with area of
residence/business. According to a circular issued by the SBP, small business
loans will focus on (but will not be restricted to) unemployed youth, especially
educated youth looking for establishing or extending business enterprises.

Tenor of loan will be up to 7 years with six (6) months grace period and it will
be disbursed at fixed rate of 8 percent for borrower. While, the government will
pay the difference of the cost at KIBOR+500bps. Under this loan scheme major
focus on women has been stressed and some 50 percent of loans will go to women
borrowers.

According to the SBP small Businesses have potential to revitalise economic
activity by creating employment opportunities, reducing poverty and providing
economic linkages/services to the corporate sector. The growth of Small
Businesses and their access to formal finance is imperative for development of
economy. However, despite their strong potential, the small businesses
particularly young entrepreneurs have traditionally remained credit constrained
due to risk perception of banks towards these economic segments. On the other
hand, the educated youth generally lacks entrepreneurial skills.

The government is cognisant of this scenario and is committed towards uplifting
the youth and providing them opportunities of financial independence through
self employment. With this objective, the government has introduced Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans scheme.

As per salient features of the scheme, approved by the Prime Minister, on
security requirements side one guarantor will be required for the loan. While,
debt-equity ratio will be 90:10 and the borrower's contribution of equity would
be in the form of cash or immovable property and will be required after approval
of the loan.

On the risk mitigation side government will bear up to 5 percent losses on the
portfolio of the bank under this scheme In the first instance, National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank Limited (FWBL) will serve as executing
agency under the guidance and supervision of State Bank of Pakistan. However,
the SBP is to ensure participation of private banks and private banks will be
required to participate in this scheme on the basis of soundness of business
proposals.

The SBP will encourage private banks to build this portfolio commensurate with
their size and the central bank will arrange appropriate training for private
banks to implement this scheme. However, NBP will continue to play the lead
role. All sectors standardised schemes/ projects/ undertakings will be designed
by SMEDA, projects designed by private sector service providers or by
individuals themselves will also be admissible.

The 50 feasibilities prepared and uploaded by SMEDA will be extensively
publicised and their access to public made easier through multiple linkages with
other relevant websites. Secondly, SMEDA will work closely with Punjab
Information Technology Board (PITB) to ensure that the schemes are accessible to
those who participated in the PITB survey. Application Form would be both in
English and Urdu; and require minimum essential information with simple format.

The processing time will not exceed 15 days and will be so stated clearly in the
application form; and the forms would be readily available both in branches and
through nominated websites of the banks. A Non-refundable form processing fee
will be Rs 100 (One Hundred).

The SBP will publish consolidated information about the loans extended under
this scheme for the public on quarterly basis on its website and an effective
Complaint Center to process and resolve complaints will be set up; E-government
directorate of Ministry of IT will provide support.

In case of Balochistan, at least one branch of NBP will be designated per
Division. All non-designated NBP branches will also provide and receive filled
application forms and dispatch them to the nearest branches. State Bank will
monitor implementation of the scheme through weekly, monthly and quarterly
reports. The banks are advised to gear up their systems for successful operation
of this scheme and to avoid any misuse of the scheme. Application forms for the
loans under this scheme will be available on NBP and FWBL's websites and
eligible borrowers can apply for the loans immediately after formal launch of
the Scheme by the Prime Minister.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Empowerment Graduates Urged to Mobilise Own Funds

LENGTH: 366 words


THE empowerment training programmes being run by Zanu-PF for its youths do not
necessarily automatically guarantee the graduates funds, the director for
indigenisation and economic empowerment in the party has said.

The party has traditionally carried out empowerment training programmes for
youth and community development. However, with the concurrent implementation of
the indigenisation programme, the two are being viewed as combined.

In an interview with the Herald Business, the director of indigenisation and
economic empowerment in the party, Mr Kurai Masenyama, said the misconception
was causing problems because the trainees were expecting funding as soon as they
graduated.

"Zimbabwe has a high literacy rate, but is rather limited in terms of the
requisite economic/business skills, hence we carry out skills training in this
respect for our youth members.

"In our view, empowerment comes in two forms, training and finance. It is
unfortunate, however, that people have begun to assume that as soon as they
receive the training they automatically get access to funding, which is not the
case.

"Training itself is a form of empowerment," he said.

Mr Masenyama added that companies in compliance with the indigenisation
programme also hoped the training would capacitate the youth with know-how on
how to benefit from some outcomes of the indigenisation programme such as
community share ownership schemes that are being set-up.

Youths, however, can individually apply for funding under the Youth Development
Fund, which as at the close of last year had benefited over 650 youths and youth
organisations/companies from across the country.

The fund, which was set up by the Government through the Ministry of Youth
Development, Indigenisation and Empowerment, is administered through youth
empowerment facilities managed by a number of local banks.

The youth empowerment facility provides funds for capital expenditure loans and
project finance, and working capital finance including short-term loans, debt
factoring, order finance, invoice discounting and guarantees.

The funds are essentially bank loans at an interest rate of 10 percent per annum
and are repaid as per loan disbursement agreement.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

PM directs NBP to relax guarantor's conditions

LENGTH: 395  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


The stringent pre-conditions to secure the loan under 'Youth Business Loan
Scheme' have been toned down on the directives of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.

The proposal was approved in a briefing given to Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif
during his visit to the National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) head office here on
Saturday. The briefing was given by NBP chairman board of directors Munir Kamal
and acting NBP President Asif Hassan.

While attending the briefing, the PM directed the banking authorities concerned
to simplify the procedures for having loan by the eligible and deserving young
people of the country.

The PM at the briefing okayed the proposal for widening the criteria and
conditions of persons who could become a guarantor for any prospective youth
applying for the loan scheme. Under the newly approved definitions of
guarantors, a maximum number of people could benefit from the scheme.

Under the new criteria, a guarantor should meet any one of the criteria
including a person could become guarantor in case he/she has individual
collective net worth of 1.5 times of the required loan amount, or government
employees of BPS-15 or above with minimum eight years of remaining service at
the time of providing the guarantee. The guarantors should have clean credit
history, should not be a NBP employee, while there should be one guarantor for
one loan application only as guarantor himself could not become an applicant for
the loan scheme.

While those prospective applicants of the scheme, who are seeking loans for
expansion of their existing businesses or for setting up new businesses and have
immovable property in their own name valued at least 1.5 times of the loan
amount requested, could offer the said property as security for the loan in lieu
of the guarantor.

Meanwhile, chairing the meeting, the prime minister directed the officials
concerned to remove all the barriers in the easy and smooth dispensation of
business loans. The purpose of youth business loans is to promote small and
medium scale businesses (SMEs). The country's development would be accelerated
through promotion of the SMEs. That is why the government had started youth
business loans to strengthen the SMEs, said the PM at the meeting.

Also present at the meeting were Sindh Governor Dr Ishratul Ebad Khan, Federal
Ministers Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, Parvaiz Rashid and Khawaja Asif.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Clarification by Ministry of Finance

SECTION: Vol. X No. 239

LENGTH: 119  words


The spokesman of the Ministry of Finance has clarified reports appearing in a
section of media that the government had allocated only Rs 5 billion for the
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan. The spokesman said that the correct
position is that an amount of Rs 25 billion has been budgeted on account of
Youth Schemes under Prime Minister's Youth Programme. The spokesman said the
Prime Minister's Youth Loan envisages facilitation of business loans to youth
ranging from Rs 100,000 to R 2 million at concessional mark up. He further said
Banks would sanction loans totalling Rs 100 billion to nearly 100,000 applicants
through computer balloting to ensure transparency. They would be provided loans
by June 2014.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                October 1, 1996

Youth fund loan approval in two weeks

BYLINE: By Hamidah Atan

SECTION: National; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: Kuantan


KUANTAN, Mon. - Loan applications for the Youth and Sports Ministry's
Youth Economic Development Trust Fund will now be processsed in two weeks
instead of one month previously.

Minister Tan Sri Muhyiddin Yassin said today officers from his ministry
would assist the evaluation committee in all the States to help expedite
the process.

Under the new arrangement, Muhyiddin said applicants would know whether
their applications had been approved within two weeks.

He was speaking to reporters after a briefing of the fund at the Bandar
Indera Mahkota sports complex, near here.

After the briefing, Muhyiddin presented cheques totalling RM676,000 to
29 successful applicants.

Also present were Pahang Youth and Sports Committee chairman Datuk
Shahiruddin Ab Moin and State Youth and Sports Department director Fathul
Razi Bakri.

Muhyiddin said the decision to shorten the loan application process was
made during a meeting last week.

Aspiring businessmen will now be able to establish their businesses in
the shortest possible time," he added.

Muhyiddin also said the ministry had agreed in principle to increase the
ceiling of the loan from the present RM50,000 to RM100,000.

"However, the matter has yet to be finalised," he said, adding that the
background of applicants would be investigated before their applications
were approved.

"We have to study their background in detail to ensure that the loans
are given to the right people.

"Our target is to help small businessmen and they are the ones who
should apply," he added.

Muhyiddin said to date, the ministry had approved 211 applications for a
total of RM4.6 million.

About 140 applications are being considered with projects worth RM6.5
million planned.

The ministry receives allocations of about RM27 million each year.

Muhyiddin also said the ministry would act against those who failed to
repay their loan.

"If they fail to do so, they can be charged," he said.
   Muhyiddin added the ministry had carried out various programmes aimed
at inculcating awareness on the importance of making repayments promptly.

Earlier, Shahiruddin said those who applied for the loans must make sure
that the money was not misused.

"Do not ever use it to buy a new car or to hold a thanksgiving party,"
he said.

"If the money is misused, then other applicants may face difficulty in
their applications. It will also affect their business plan," he added.


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Loan approved ... Muhyiddin giving the cheque for RM49,000 to
TV3 editorial coordinator Zainal Abidin Shamsuddin, who is also a budding
entrepreneur.-By Tun Izhar Tun Ishak.

            Copyright 1996 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              892 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            November 18, 2013 Monday

Businessmen urged to provide skill opportunities to youth

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 260

LENGTH: 197  words


Member of the National Assembly (MNA) Qaiser Ahmed Sheikh has urged businessmen
to provide opportunities to the youth for getting experience and skill
development.  He said the youth would get loan facility as announced by Prime
Minister Nawaz Sharif, to initiate small business for the benefit of their
families.  He said that starting business without experience and skill
development could not produce results in any field.

Qaiser Ahmed Sheikh said that corporate sector should realize the responsibility
and help the youth in developing skills and getting experience in the business
sector. Talking to Pakistan Television, he appreciated the Prime Minister's
scheme for granting loan to the youth at low mark up rate to start small
businesses.

He said that providing loan facility on easy terms and conditions to the youth
would help strengthen the economy, besides reducing the focus of people on
government jobs. The MNA said the Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz (PML-N)
government should ask the corporate sector to provide maximum opportunities to
the youth for getting skills and experience, so that they could utilize the loan
for initiating any business in an appropriate manner.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

Youth loan scheme not a political gimmick, says PM Sharif

SECTION: Vol. IV No. 185

LENGTH: 363  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday said that the recently-launched youth
loan scheme is not a political `gimmick.'

Addressing a launching ceremony of the Prime Ministers Business Loan Scheme for
Youth in Bahawalpur, he said that youths should be able to play their due role
in the development of Pakistan.

PM Sharif said that the country is facing some key challenges including
extremism, terrorism and energy crisis.

"The government is trying to address all these issues," he said, adding the
government has taken several measures to control energy crisis.

The prime minister said that the fact young people are taking in the loan
scheme, under which Rs100 billion have been earmarked, encourages him.

He said that during the six-month rule of this government not a single
corruption scandal has been reported, adding his government won't allow
corruption at any level.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has said credit goes to the incumbent government's
transparent policies that no scandal of corruption has surfaced during the last
six months.

He categorically stated that one hundred billion rupees scheme has not been
launched for political gains as it is in the best national interests. He said
the future of this country is linked with the youth and expressed the confidence
that they will not disappoint the nation.

He hoped that the first year of loan scheme will be a success story for the
youth and in the next four yearsâ(EURO)s more allocations will be made for the
scheme. He said he will visit each nook and corner of the country to get
firsthand knowledge of the problems being faced by the youth.

Referring to the challenges of militancyâ(EURO)s terrorismâ(EURO)s unemployment
and energy shortage in the countryâ(EURO)s the Prime Minister expressed the
commitment to confront them at all costs.

He said though the issue of electricity shortage has not been resolved fully and
much more needs to be done in this regardâ(EURO)s yet the supply situation has
improved a lot during the last six months.  He said mega projects such as dams
of Diamer Bashaâ(EURO)s Dasuâ(EURO)s Bunji and coal based Gaddani and solar park
will be constructed in order to overcome the power shortage.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Fund bets on shops to shore up loan uptake

BYLINE: YVONE KAWIRA -1

LENGTH: 437  words


A new method has been devised in a bid to encourage  more young people to apply
for loans from the Youth Enterprise Development Fund.

A new method has been devised in a bid to encourage  more young people to apply
for loans from the Youth Enterprise Development Fund.
The fund is partnering with county governments in putting up tuck shops that
will be used as premises by young entrepreneurs.


"These shops are meant for the youth who cannot afford conventional shops and
instead turn to hawking," said Mr Benson Muthendi, the fund's public relations
manager.
The fund is planning to set up 100 shops in Meru, 150  in Nakuru, 250 in Busia
and 200 in Kisumu.
About Sh8 million has been set aside to finance the project, which is expected
to push up loan uptake by the youth across the country.
Bus stops
In Nairobi, the shops have  been set up in Ngara, Uthiru, Buruburu Phase III and
Mombasa Road.
Other designated areas for the structures are bus stops on Kenyatta Avenue next
to Delamere Flats, Bellevue bus stage, Mumias South Road, near the Catholic
Church, Mumias South Road and Buruburu Police Station.
The youth will pay subsidised rent to be determined by the fund in consultation
with a county government's youth affairs arm.
Mr Muthendi said the youth will pay between Sh1,000 and Sh1,500 per month for
the premises.
These structures are designed to provide enough space for the public to shelter
from wind, rain and sunshine.
According to a statement seen by Smart Company, this is one of the measures
being put in place by the government to fight joblessness and empower the youth.

The setting up of the shops is a culmination of a Memorandum of Understanding
signed two years ago between the youth fund and Nairobi county as well as
Machakos county.
Zero interests
The projects in the two counties are expected to be up and running this month
while in other devolved units, they are expected to be complete by mid-next
year.
The initiative will be launched today by Devolution Cabinet secretary Ann
Waiguru on Mombasa Road, Bellevue stage, in Nairobi.
The fund also gives the youth or the group operating the shops zero interest
loans. They will also be trained to ensure their businesses are managed properly
in order to perform well and grow.
The shops are also expected to act as practical incubation centres for new
businesses.
Insulate
Mr Muthendi said every effort would be made to ensure that the rent is
affordable to prevent the young investors from suffering losses.
The tuck shops can also be converted to shoe-shine booths depending on demand
and requests from the youth who apply to run them.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            January 14, 2014 Tuesday

Of merit

BYLINE:  Sajid A. Khan - Rawalpindi

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. LXVIII No. 14

LENGTH: 151  words


THE youth loan programme, initiated by the prime minister, is a good step. It
will give the youth confidence and independence. In order to secure the loan,
the applicant has to produce a business feasibility report as instructed by the
Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (Smeda) at its website
www.smeda.org.

The Smeda website depicts the picture of the prime minister with a bold slogan
which states in Urdu: `Merit aur sirf merit'.

Surprisingly, when I applied for the loan, I was told by the bank staff working
under the youth loan programme that a draw would be conducted and those
applicants whose names were in the draw would be granted the loan.

I would like to question the prime minister about the practicality and
justification of the draw. He has taken a bold step to help the youth, yet the
whole scheme of granting loans via a draw negates his stance of providing loans
on merit.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            January 14, 2014 Tuesday

Of merit

BYLINE:  Sajid A. Khan - Rawalpindi

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. LXVIII No. 14

LENGTH: 151  words


THE youth loan programme, initiated by the prime minister, is a good step. It
will give the youth confidence and independence. In order to secure the loan,
the applicant has to produce a business feasibility report as instructed by the
Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (Smeda) at its website
www.smeda.org.

The Smeda website depicts the picture of the prime minister with a bold slogan
which states in Urdu: `Merit aur sirf merit'.

Surprisingly, when I applied for the loan, I was told by the bank staff working
under the youth loan programme that a draw would be conducted and those
applicants whose names were in the draw would be granted the loan.

I would like to question the prime minister about the practicality and
justification of the draw. He has taken a bold step to help the youth, yet the
whole scheme of granting loans via a draw negates his stance of providing loans
on merit.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

PM to distribute PM Youth Business Loans cheques on Wednesday

LENGTH: 280  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz
Sharif will distribute Rs 5 billion Prime Minister's
Youth Business Loans cheques among the successful entrepreneurs
at a ceremony scheduled here on Wednesday.


      Chairperson of the Prime Minister's Youth Programme Maryam
Nawaz said this  while chairing a high-level meeting to finalize
the arrangements for disbursing of loans among the
successful young beneficiaries.
      The meeting also approved to hold the second hi-tech digital
balloting to  be inaugurated by the Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz
Sharif to select 6,000 potential young borrowers to benefit from
the Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS).
       Addressing the participants of the meeting, the Chairperson
said that  100 percent transparency and merit was ensured by
the lending banks in processing the loan applications.
  She maintained that all the loans were awarded on sound business
feasibility and without any political or social prejudice.
      She further maintained that the present democratic
government was determined to fortify the economic base of the
country by involving young entrepreneurs through PMYP, and added
that the scheme would further enrich the unprecedented
economic activity started in the country after the present
democratic government took power last year.
      The meeting was told that under the PMYBLS, 50 % quota
has been reserved for women borrowers whereas 5% for the
widows, disabled and families of Shuhada, who lost their lives
in  terrorism related incidents. The successful women entrepreneurs
who applied under the women quota from Gilgit-Baltistan and Azad Jammu
and Kashmir would also be disbursed the loan amount.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                             May 9, 2012 Wednesday

Banks, Give the Youth That Money

BYLINE: Kurai Prosper Masenyama

LENGTH: 894 words


The Government of Zimbabwe, through the Ministry of Youth Development,
Indigenisation and Empowerment, has managed to arrange for the availability of a
number of youth economic empowerment facilities. Currently, CBZ, CABS, IDBZ and
the recently launched Wealth Creation Fund run by Stanbic Bank are administering
the funds.

While youths and older persons continue to clamour for resources to be
channelled to their economic empowerment needs, there is a greater need to make
maximum use of the facilities currently available.

There is no use in clamouring for more facilities when US$9 million out of the
US$10 million is still held in CBZ, when US$10,7 million out of US$11 million is
held in the CABS account, and other huge sums of money are still in the reserves
of the administering banks.

Hence, both youths and administering banks should take a closer look at the
process and make a commitment to make full use of the available resources.

Failure to do this will do injustice to Minister Saviour Kasukuwere, who went
out of his way to source funds on behalf of thousands of youths seeking to
embark on wealth-creation projects.

Youths, for their part, should come out of their shells and participate fully in
the empowerment process.

Rather than moaning repeatedly for the relaxation of application conditions,
youths should step forward and thrive to meet the conditions agreed on by the
Ministry of Youth Development, Indigenisation and Empowerment and banks.

For the minister has gone a long way to make sure that inhibitive conditions
like collateral are removed for the CABS loan while guarantors could be used for
other loans. Hence, youths should thrive on developing viable business projects
that will convince the banks that they are indeed capable of running successful
businesses such that they will be in a position to pay the money so that other
youths benefit from the revolving fund.

While it is important that each and every person who is running or intends to
run a business be able to articulate his ideas, youths might need help to put
the ideas on paper. This is where youth development officers should come in and
assist so that brilliant ideas can be moulded into a sound business proposal
that can unlock funding in banks.

Youths should also involve themselves in areas where the country has comparative
advantage like agriculture and mining. For example, a group of youths can come
together and apply for land so that they can venture into potato farming.

They would then develop a combined proposal for submission to CABS or Stanbic.
Such a project will stand a good chance of convincing the bank on its viability
while youths can act as guarantors for each other.

On the other hand small-scale miners can put together youth groups and apply for
equipment like jack hammers, compressors, water pumps, all of which will make a
significant contribution to their activities.

Youth with disabilities can put together consortiums and participate in areas
they can successfully manage, for example, in supply and distribution.
Like-minded youths can put various empowerment groups in cattle ranching,
tourism, transport and so forth depending on the comparative advantage of their
area of operation. This will facilitate their movement from the back benches to
the frontline of the Zimbabwean economy.

While the youths can and have been mobilised to participate fully in claiming
their stake from the youth empowerment funds, banks should also play their part
in bringing the funds closer to our people.

While CBZ has done a lot in terms of advancing loans to thousands of youths,
there is very little the bank has done in terms of marketing the products to
youths, particulary in rural areas. Thus, the bank has to go out of its way to
market the fund since the receipt of funds by youths who will pay back their
loans creates a win-win situation for both youths and the bank.

While the CABS-administered Kurera/Ukhondla Youth Fund is well known on the
youth market, the bank has not done much in assisting the youths in crafting
viable business projects so that they boost their chances of accessing the
money.

While the bank indicated that US$1 million of the US$11 million available has
been reserved for capacity building, nothing on the ground points to any
capacity-building programmes initiated by the bank.

Rather than waiting to build the capacity of someone who has already received
money, why not build the capacity for a budding youth entrepreneur to enhance
his/her chances to access the money? Another key area that needs to be addressed
urgently is that banks should not dictate to youths areas they would like to
fund.

While it remains the banks' prerogative to make the final decision on the
awarding of the loans, youths should not be frog-marched into doing projects
they neither have information nor interest in.

For example, most banks have been insisting on funding manufacturing projects,
yet players in the sector are prone to viability challenges, especially new
projects.

Thus, thousands of proposals face rejection on that basis. Youths should have
the greenlight to venture into projects they are well versed in. For example, if
a youth is used to unlocking cellphones, give him/her funds that will allow him
to develop in that direction.

l Kurai Prosper Masenyama is the Zanu-PF Director of Indigenisation and Economic
Empowerment.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 March 08, 2013

U.S.$7,5 Million Disbursed to Youth Projects Nationwide

BYLINE: Lloyd Gumbo

LENGTH: 372 words


ABOUT US$7,5 million was last year disbursed to the youths from various
financial institutions under the Government's youth empowerment drive,
Parliamentarians heard yesterday. Youth Development, Indigenisation and Economic
Empowerment Secretary Mr George Magosvongwe, told the Parliamentary Thematic
Committee on Indigenisation and Empowerment that about 3 253 projects were
funded under the US$7,5 million loan facility.

Some of the financial institutions that disbursed money included CABS, CBZ,
Infrastructural Development Bank of Zimbabwe, ZABG (now Allied Bank) and Stanbic
Bank.

He said the funds were meant to promote youths in enterprise development.

"The Youth Development Fund and other Youth Empowerment facilities have been
adopted as a way of involving financial institutions in the funding of youth
projects," he said.

"These empowerment facilities support viable youth economic empowerment projects
and entrepreneurship development programmes, which meet provisions of the
national youth development policy frameworks and national development
priorities.

"This programme is not about scoring points whether religious or political
points.

"The objective is to alleviate poverty which is also one of the objectives of
the United Nations through Millennium Development Goals."

CABS released almost US$3,6 million which benefited 2388 projects, Stanbic Bank
availed US$3 million that was disbursed to 124 projects while CBZ disbursed
almost US$746 000 to 531 projects.

IDBZ under Meikles Out Grower Scheme released US$100 000 to 22 projects while
IDBZ's Youth Development Fund availed almost US$100 000.

ZABG disbursed almost US$28 000 which benefited 30 projects.

Mr Magosvongwe said loans were being extended to projects in all sectors of the
economy among them agriculture, distribution, manufacturing, services and mining
sector.

"We expect the youths to repay their loans so that we can have a revolving fund
because there is a liquidity challenges facing all financial institutions.

"We are waiting to accumulate money from repayments so that more loans can be
availed.

"At the moment we are operating at about two-thirds repayment rate but we want
100 percent returns so that we can have a revolving fund," said Mr Magosvongwe.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Clarification by Ministry of Finance

LENGTH: 155  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 11 -- The spokesman of the Ministry of Finance has clarified
reports appearing in a section of media that the government had allocated only
Rs 5 billion for the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan. The spokesman said
that the correct position is that an amount of Rs 25 billion has been budgeted
on account of Youth Schemes under Prime Minister's Youth Programme. The
spokesman said the Prime Minister's Youth Loan envisages facilitation of
business loans to youth ranging from Rs 100,000 to R 2 million at concessional
mark up. He further said Banks would sanction loans totaling Rs 100 billion to
nearly 100,000 applicants through computer balloting to ensure transparency.
They would be provided loans by June 2014. pr

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                October 27, 2014

Govt, Banks Agree On Youth Fund Criteria

LENGTH: 370 words


Government and banks that are disbursing the Youth Development Fund have agreed
on a new framework, which compels beneficiaries to have guarantors in case of
default, a cabinet minister has said. The move comes after a huge outcry from
some banks over the high rate of default. The YDF, which is a revolving fund of
over $10 million, was set up over three years ago to provide financial
assistance for income generating projects for youths below the age of 35 as part
of the Government's indigenisation and economic empowerment programme.

But banks, which are disbursing the fund, chiefly CBZ and the Central African
Building Society had complained of high non-performing loans under the scheme.

The two banks were not demanding collateral, and disbursement was based on
project viability.

The high default rate of over 78 percent had resulted in Cabs suspending
disbursements.

But Indigenisation and Economic Empowerment Minister Francis Nhema said it had
been agreed that disbursements continue under a new formula where beneficiaries
are only funded on condition they provided guarantors as a recovery back-up
plan.

"We have had discussions with the banks and the biggest problem was that the
youths do not have collateral to access the funds," he said.

"It has now been recommended that some guarantee be provided to ensure that the
revolving fund works. Even if they do not have collateral, they must have a
guarantor to make sure the youths are accountable."

Minister Nhema said those who had defaulted were not off the hook, adding
Government would not be harsh with the youths as the process was "a learning
curve".

"We have asked provincial officers to follow up on the loans and we are also
helping the youth understand that it's a revolving fund and where we have seen
the projects, we have rescheduled the loan repayments," he said.

Among the measures being implemented to recover the funds were talks with
parents of those who benefited but had not paid back.

"It's a learning curve and the youths sometimes have embarked on projects that
are not so economic and it is up to us to nurse them, encourage them to pay,"
Minister Nhema said.

"We have not taken them to court, neither have we been harsh on them."

New Ziana

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

PM announces six youth welfare schemes of Rs 20 billion

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 262

LENGTH: 474  words


Prime Minister Mian Nawaz Sharif has announced launching of six schemes for
welfare of youth with initial allocations of twenty billion rupees.

Addressing the nation here on Saturday, Mian Nawaz Sharif claimed that the
programmes are aimed at creating self-employment opportunities for youth and are
in fulfillment of its election manifesto.

He added that micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged
sections of society and will benefit two hundred and fifty thousand people,
adding that 3.5 billion rupees has been allocated to this scheme during the
current financial year.

The Premier maintained that the Small Business Loan Scheme has been designed for
unemployed' especially educated youth to enable them to start their own
businesses.

Under the scheme loans ranging from five hundred thousand to two million rupees
would be advanced to youth at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and
the remaining burden of the mark up would be borne by the Government.

Fifty percent loans would be given to women and initially these loans would be
advanced by National Bank of Pakistan and First Women Bank, adding he said five
billion rupees have been allocated for the scheme in the budget.

The Prime Minister said under Youth Training Scheme those completing sixteen
year degree education from recognized institutions would be given practical
training to help them secure job at home or abroad.

For this on the job training ten thousand rupees scholarship per month would be
given for one year and fifty thousand graduates would benefit from the scheme.

Four billion rupees have been earmarked for this scheme.

The Youth Skilled Development Scheme is being launched for boys and girls who
have passed 8th class.

They will be given six months training in different trades along with
scholarship of five thousand rupees a month. The Government has earmarked eight
hundred million rupees for the scheme.

Mian Nawaz Sharif also announced a scheme for sponsoring tuition fee of students
belonging to backward areas so that brilliant students are not deprived of their
right to education due to financial constraints.

The Government would pay at an average forty thousand rupees annual fee on
behalf of each of the thirty thousand students for MA' M.Sc and higher level
education. This scheme is being launched at a cost of 1.2 billion rupees.

The PM said four billion rupees have been earmarked for Prime Minister's scheme
for Provision of Laptops. Under the scheme one hundred thousand students would
be provided laptops this year by the Federal Government.

The Prime Minister added that the Federal Cabinet has already approved basic
structure of these schemes and arrangements have also been completed for their
implementation.

He however invited suggestions from people to make these schemes more
transparent and hundred percent merit based.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

PM announces six youth welfare schemes of Rs 20 billion

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 262

LENGTH: 474  words


Prime Minister Mian Nawaz Sharif has announced launching of six schemes for
welfare of youth with initial allocations of twenty billion rupees. Addressing
the nation here on Saturday, Mian Nawaz Sharif claimed that the programmes are
aimed at creating self-employment opportunities for youth and are in fulfilment
of its election manifesto.

He added that micro-interest free loan scheme is targeted at disadvantaged
sections of society and will benefit two hundred and fifty thousand people,
adding that 3.5 billion rupees has been allocated to this scheme during the
current financial year.

The Premier maintained that the Small Business Loan Scheme has been designed for
unemployed, especially educated youth to enable them to start their own
businesses.

Under the scheme loans ranging from five hundred thousand to two million rupees
would be advanced to youth at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and
the remaining burden of the mark up would be borne by the Government.

Fifty percent loans would be given to women and initially these loans would be
advanced by National Bank of Pakistan and First Women Bank, adding he said five
billion rupees have been allocated for the scheme in the budget.

The Prime Minister said under Youth Training Scheme those completing sixteen
year degree education from recognized institutions would be given practical
training to help them secure job at home or abroad.

For this on the job training ten thousand rupees scholarship per month would be
given for one year and fifty thousand graduates would benefit from the scheme.

Four billion rupees have been earmarked for this scheme.

The Youth Skilled Development Scheme is being launched for boys and girls who
have passed 8th class.

They will be given six months training in different trades along with
scholarship of five thousand rupees a month. The Government has earmarked eight
hundred million rupees for the scheme.

Mian Nawaz Sharif also announced a scheme for sponsoring tuition fee of students
belonging to backward areas so that brilliant students are not deprived of their
right to education due to financial constraints.

The Government would pay at an average forty thousand rupees annual fee on
behalf of each of the thirty thousand students for MA, M.Sc and higher level
education. This scheme is being launched at a cost of 1.2 billion rupees.

The PM said four billion rupees have been earmarked for Prime Minister's scheme
for Provision of Laptops. Under the scheme one hundred thousand students would
be provided laptops this year by the Federal Government.

The Prime Minister added that the Federal Cabinet has already approved basic
structure of these schemes and arrangements have also been completed for their
implementation.

He however invited suggestions from people to make these schemes more
transparent and hundred percent merit based.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    April 10, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Bank fund lends youth a hand: CIBC, Royal put up $ 5.5M to help young
entrepreneurs

BYLINE: BRAD EVENSON; SOUTHAM NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7 / Front


When Renata Bursten started her mail-order company, Dragonfly Toys, two years
ago, the banks refused to lend her a dime.

Thrown out of work by an injury, all she had was an idea. "I had no collateral,"
said the 29-year-old Winnipeg entrepreneur, who raised the money elsewhere.

Today, Dragonfly Toys is a success, selling toys for disabled children across
North America.

Now, Canada's two biggest banks want to help more young people create their own
jobs. CIBC and Royal Bank of Canada announced Tuesday they have put up $ 5.5
million to back a new youth business foundation.

The Canadian Youth Business Foundation will lend up to $ 15,000 to individuals,
find volunteer "mentors" to provide guidance, and will soon set up an Internet
service for small businesses.

"I think this program would really have helped someone like me," said Bursten.
"Not just with money, but with advice."

Rob Woodbridge, 25, of Ottawa said he would have applied for the new loan if he
hadn't already set up a company in 1995. "It's great. I think it will help
anybody who's thinking of starting their own business. It will be the incentive
they needed to confirm their choice."

A graduate of Algonquin College's small-business program, Woodbridge started
Thunder Rd., which helps small and midsize companies use the Internet as a
business tool.

He believes mentors can be useful for new entrepreneurs. "The mentor program
will really benefit people. God knows, I could have used it."

The non-profit foundation opens in May to Canadians aged 18 to 29. Its sponsors
expect it to create more than 5,000 businesses over five years.

"Unemployed youth are Canada's hidden deficit," said Lucie Bohac Konrad,
executive director of the Canadian Youth Federation.

Youth unemployment hovers at 15.6 per cent, much higher than the national rate
of 9.5 per cent.

Two years ago, Konrad approached CIBC with an idea patterned after the Prince's
Youth Business Trust, a U.K. foundation.

The idea was to help unemployed youth become entrepreneurs. Unlike the Prince's
Trust, however, the Canadian foundation would be privately funded. The banks
agreed. CIBC is putting up a $ 7-million line of credit -- at cost -- to cover
loans, on top of its $ 3-million start-up contribution. Royal is putting up the
other $ 2.5 million.

The Canadian foundation is to provide up to 150 loans from its Vision Fund
during its first year, increasing this number each year. The pilot project
begins next month in London, Ont., with sites in Halifax, Scarborough, Ont., and
Calgary to follow.

Loan applicants must apply to local volunteer committees for the funds. A
maximum of $ 15,000 would be lent at prime rates; only the interest is payable
for the first year. Interest from the loans would be channelled back into the
foundation.

While applicants need a solid business plan, they don't need any collateral. To
qualify, they must not be eligible for normal loans or funding programs.

The banks are lending this money through a foundation because they believe many
of the loans are too risky for traditional bank credit.

"We expect about 25 per cent of these businesses will fail," said Holger Kluge,
president of CIBC's Personal and Commercial Bank.

Other foundation sponsors include Air Canada, IBM Canada, Bank of Montreal,
George Weston Ltd., Baton Broadcasting Inc., Price Waterhouse Canada, Husky Oil
Ltd. and Canadian Business Media Ltd.

The foundation will launch a World Wide Web site (http://www.cybf.ca) to give
young entrepreneurs a place to advertise and share information.

Southam News with files from Lisa Burke and Sarah Goodman

Update

The issue: Youth unemployment

What's new: CIBC and Royal Bank are putting $ 5.5 million into a new foundation
aimed at helping young entrepreneurs get started.

What it means: As many as 5,000 small businesses could get money and advice over
five years.

What's next: The Canadian Youth Business Foundation predicts 75 per cent of the
small businesses it helps create will succeed. To reach it, call (416) 408-2923
or fax (416) 408-3234.


LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1996

LENGTH: 684 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: -- /Pat Mcgrath, Citizen/ PRAISE: Rob Woodbridge, who set
up an Ottawa company last year to help businesses use the Internet, says the new
fund could be the incentive young people need to start a business

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

Pakistan: PMYP spokesperson rebuts Imran's charges

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 8 -- Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) Tuesday announced
that its chairperson has no financial and administrative control over disbursing
of loans by banks as pre- and post-disbursement of amount follows strict
internal and external audit regime to ensure transparency.

Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations levelled by
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan of exclusively handing over
of Rs100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to its chairperson,
Maryam Nawaz by the prime minister.

Contradicting the allegations, the spokesperson said PTI's chief lacks knowledge
about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of the programme before disinforming the youth for political point
scoring.

He explained that the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is
transparently implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women
Bank (FWB) as the loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs
through their own financial resources.

The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to the PMYP for
rolling out PMYBLS. He further explained that the government has only earmarked
Rs5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit tenure of eight
years including one year grace period. He maintained that the banks are
accountable only to State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in
processing, approving and rejecting the loans' applications. "Thus, the PMYP
chairperson has no financial and administrative control over the disbursing of
loans by banks, it was further maintained," he added.

The spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs4.0
billion and Rs1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP. The HEC as an implementing
agency for both the schemes disburses the amount after following the laid down
criteria stipulated by the Ministry of Finance, the spokesperson further
explained. Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, he
said an amount of Rs800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across federation including
Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Azad Jammu Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.

Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises no
financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary allocation.
Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, he said that an amount
of Rs3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF)
for disbursement of 25,000 loans upto Rs250,000 among the poor segment of
society to start micro-business activity for honourable livelihood. "Naturally,
the chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative authority over
PPAF", he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           September 22, 2013 Sunday

PM unveils Rs20b youth uplift package

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 322

LENGTH: 642  words


PM unveils Rs20b youth uplift package Islamabad: In his address to the nation,
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has announced six schemes worth Rs 20 billion aimed
at promoting skill development, scholarship, and entrepreneurship.

During the address broadcast simultaneously on state-run Radio and Television,
the Prime Minister vowed that these schemes would create self-employment
opportunities for youth. According to the Premier these schemes were the
beginning of fulfilment of promises made by his party PML-N's election
manifesto.

The Prime Minister outlined that the micro interest-free loan scheme is targeted
at disadvantaged sections of the society and would benefit 250000 young people.
He said that his government has allocated Rs 3.5 billion for rest of the current
financial year.

Secondly, the PM said, Small Business Loan Scheme was designed for unemployed,
especially educated youth to enable them to start their own businesses. Under
the scheme loans ranging from Rs 500,000 to two million rupees would be advanced
to youth at concessionary mark up rate of eight percent and the remaining burden
of the mark up would be borne by the Government. Fifty percent loans would be
given to women and initially these loans would be advanced by National Bank of
Pakistan and First Women Bank. Five billion rupees have been allocated for the
scheme.

The Prime Minister said under Youth Training Scheme those completing sixteen
year degree education from recognized institutions would be given practical
training to help them secure job at home or abroad. For this on the job training
ten thousand rupees scholarship per month would be given for one year and fifty
thousand graduates would benefit from the scheme. Four billion rupees have been
earmarked for this scheme.

The Youth Skilled Development Scheme is being launched for boys and girls who
have passed 8th class. They will be given six months training in different
trades along with scholarship of five thousand rupees a month. The Government
has earmarked eight hundred million rupees for the scheme.

Mian Nawaz Sharif also announced a scheme for sponsoring tuition fee of students
belonging to backward areas so that brilliant students are not deprived of their
right to education due to financial constraints. The Government would pay at an
average forty thousand rupees annual fee on behalf of each of the thirty
thousand students for MA, M.Sc and higher level education. This scheme is being
launched at a cost of 1.2 billion rupees.

The Prime Minister said four billion rupees have been earmarked for Prime
Minister's scheme for Provision of Laptops. Under the scheme one hundred
thousand students would be provided laptops this year by the Federal Government.

The Prime Minister said the Federal Cabinet has already approved basic structure
of these schemes and arrangements have also been completed for their
implementation. He however invited suggestions from people to make these schemes
more transparent and hundred percent merit based.

Details of these schemes would be available on the website www.pmo.gov.pk from
Monday and people can give their comments on the website. Suggestions can also
be sent in writing to the Prime Minister's office in Islamabad.

INP adds: Prime Minister Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif during his address pointed
out that one of the reasons behind the weakening state institutions was over
staffing due to rampant nepotism and political appointments.

He regretted that institutions like PIA, Steel Mills and Railways are just a few
examples of nepotism, favouritism and financial mismanagement.

He added it was in the interest of the nation and the state to strengthen
private sector, and to provide the people with opportunities of self reliance.
So that instead of running after jobs, they could stand on their own feet to
provide a livelihood to their families.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Rs100bn allocated to Youth Business Loans: PM Sharif

LENGTH: 598  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif stated that a hundred billion rupees have been
allocated for the Youth Business Loans scheme while addressing Pakistan Muslim
League-Nawaz's (PML-N) party members in Gilgit, media reported.

"The youth of Gilgit-Baltistan (G-B) between the ages of 21 and 45 can utilise
this scheme," the prime minister said. "The maximum amount of money that will
given out as a loan is two million."

"Loans will be given to anyone who is committed to doing business. Literacy and
experience does not matter with regards to the loans."

Nawaz gave more details about the scheme and stated that the loan can be
returned in installments over a period of eight years and no installments would
need to be paid in the first year.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif also announced a number of development schemes for
Gilgit-Baltistan including establishment of cardiac center. Addressing party
workers, he said a cardiac center will be established in Gilgit so that the
heart patients do not go to Islamabad and KhyberPakhtunkhwa for treatment.

He also announced establishment of a special police force for the area saying it
will be equipped with latest weapons and equipment in order to deal with
security issues in the area. Prime Minister said the government is in the
process of purchasing new aircraft for Pakistan International Airlines and with
the procurement of these aircraft, the service of PIA to Skardu and Gilgit will
be improved.

He said focus is being given to the development of GilgitBaltistan and soon this
area will be bracketed among the developed areas of the country. He said good
governance and transparency will be ensured in the development schemes.

Referring to economic trade corridor from Kashgar to Gwadar, Nawaz Sharif said
this project will benefit GilgitBaltistan the most as compared to other parts of
the country.

He said work on Diamer Bhasha and Dasu dams will immediately be started while
work on Bunji dam will also be started soon. These projects, he said, will
produce over 15 thousand megawatt of electricity.

Nawaz Sharif said Youth Business loans scheme, which has been extended to Azad
Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan, is being launched tomorrow to help the youth stand
on their own feet.

Sharing main features of the scheme, the Prime Minister said under this scheme,
the skilled and educated youth can obtain loans up to two million rupees.

Prime Minister was informed that new terminal has covered areas of over 39000
square feet having a capacity of 180 passengers.

The Prime Minister presided budget session of Gilgit-Baltistan Council in
Gilgit.

Later, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif laid foundation stone of Naltar-5 hydro power
project in district Gilgit Friday.

The 14.4 MW project would cost 3.84 billion rupees and would be completed in
2016 with Chinese cooperation.

Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had an aerial view of Atta Abad Lake in
Gilgit-Baltistan. He also had an aerial view of the area where Economic Corridor
project would pass through. He was briefed about impact of the project on
Karakoram Highway.

Earlier on his arrival in Gilgit Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif was warmly
received by the Governor and Chief Minister Gilgit-Baltistan at the Airport.

Earlier, the Prime Minister inaugurated the newly constructed terminal at Gilgit
Airport. He visited different parts of the building. Speaking on the occasion,
he directed to ensure proper maintenance of the airport and passenger lounge to
facilitate passengers. The Prime Minister was informed that new terminal has
covered areas of over 39000 square feet having a capacity of 180 passengers.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

`Providing affordable housing a priority'

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 414 words


KUALA LUMPUR: THE government will continue taking proactive measures in
providing affordable housing for low- and middle-income earners.

Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak, who is also finance minister, said the
uncertain economy and devaluation of the ringgit would not prevent the
government from providing affordable homes for Malaysians, in particular youth.

"According to Bank Negara Malaysia, a total of 2,114 loan applications were
approved under the My First House Scheme, with loans involving RM431 million
between 2013 and January this year," he said in Parliament yesterday.

"Under the Youth Housing Scheme, 876 loan applications have been approved by
Bank Simpanan Nasional as of Feb 29, involving RM215.15 million.

"It is the government's responsibility to fulfil the housing needs of every
household in the country, especially those in the low- and middle-income groups.
Despite the uncertain economy, caused by falling oil prices and ringgit, the
government will continue to provide affordable housing for everyone."

Najib was responding to a question by Shaharuddin Ismail (BN-Kangar), who asked
about the number of youth who owned a home under the My First House Scheme, and
whether there were efforts by the government to review requirements for youth to
purchase their first homes.

Under the tweaked My First Home Scheme rules, they can immediately apply for
loans to buy their first home.

Earlier, they had to work for a minimum of six months before they qualified for
loans.

Najib said the government encouraged government-linked companies to build
affordable homes in the suburbs, provided there was efficient public
transportation, to enable more youth to purchase their first homes.

Najib said the number of rejected housing loan applications had been reduced
from 30 per cent in 2012 to 20 per cent at the end of last year.

"The number of housing loans approved by banks is growing at a rate of 11.7 per
cent, amounting to RM435.6 billion as of last year. Eighty-five per cent of the
loans are for homes costing RM500,000 and below."

Najib said dissatisfied Malaysians who had their housing loan applications
rejected should seek advice from the Credit Counselling and Debt Management
Agency.

Najib said the 2016 Budget reflected the government's commitment to provide
affordable housing by introducing various house ownership programmes for all
levels of income.

This, he said, was in line with the government's efforts to achieve its 1Family
1House initiative.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dewan Rakyat

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                      February 4, 2014 Tuesday 1:52 PM GMT

United using loan system to boost club's future;
David Moyes has turned his back on the Under-21 Premier League in a bid to boost
youngsters' first-team prospects.

BYLINE: By Rob Dawson

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 918 words


Manchester United were busy planning for their future on transfer deadline day.

While fans were hypnotised by the yellow ticker on Sky Sports News, hoping David
Moyes might bring in a signing to remedy the short-term decline, the United
manager was more concerned with sending players away.

It was done in the hope that future transfer deadline days will be much quieter.

That the young players who headed for various Football League outposts on Friday
will return ready to push for a place in the first-team, removing the need to
spend so heavily in two, three or five years.

There are two type of loan moves.

Anderson, Federico Macheda and Bebe will spend the rest of the season at
Fiorentina, Birmingham and Paco Ferreira respectively but, barring some
miraculous turnaround, their careers at Old Trafford are over.

They are stuck in a kind of football purgatory, owned by United but not wanted.

Time for United to knock Liverpool off their perch again

Wilfried Zaha's loan move to Cardiff is different.

Out in the cold at United, Moyes is hoping Ole Gunnar Solskjaer can give the
21-year-old the Premier League experience he cannot guarentee.

Like Zaha, Nick Powell (Wigan), Angelo Henriquez (Real Zaragoza), Marnick
Vermijl (NEC Nijmegen), Tom Lawrence (Yeovil), Tom Thorpe (Birmingham), Tyler
Blackett (Birmingham), Will Keane (QPR), Charni Ekangamene (Carlisle), Sam Bryne
(Carlisle), Sam Johnstone (Doncaster), Jack Barmby (Hartlepool) and Jack Rudge
(Torquay) have all left to find regular football.

Jesse Lingard (Birmingham), Michael Keane (Derby) and Ben Amos (Carlisle) have
also spent time on loan this season.

Thorpe, already an England Under-21 international, lasted just 14 minutes of his
Birmingham debut on Saturday after suffering an ankle ligament injury, a
reminder that loan moves don't always work out as planned.

The mass exodus from Old Trafford is a blow to the new Under-21 Premier League,
billed on it's website as a competition to 'enhance youth development and help
transition players between the academy and first team'.

But United's Under-21 manager Warren Joyce said after Monday's 1-0 win over
Leicester that the league 'wasn't conducive to youth development' while Moyes
admitted there would have to be changes before he stopped sending young players
on loan.

The under-19 UEFA Youth League has provided valuable European experience in it's
first year but United have found the competition stuck between their teams at
under-18 and under-21 level.

"We want to give them some experience of senior football," said Moyes.

"They have played a lot of reserves football but will be hoping to get a game on
a Saturday for a league team. A few of them will get some match practice,
hopefully.

"Part of their development when they are in the youth team is making the next
step to the reserves and then you want to get into the first team. But you find
the jump between the reserves and first team is so big nowadays.

"The difference between an Under-21 game and a Premier League game is so big,
what tends to happen is these boys like to get some games and ask, 'can we go on
loan?'

"It gives us the chance to see them in league football. We have staff who watch
all the games and reports are brought back on how they are doing. It is part of
their development. Maybe, in time, if there was a different sort of games
programme, we wouldn't need to put players out on loan."

Man United's loan rangers

United boast an impressive record of youth development.

When Tom Cleverley, Jonny Evans, Darren Fletcher, Danny Welbeck and Adnan
Januzaj were chosen in the 18 to play Stoke on Saturday it was the 3,677th game
in a row that at least one youth team graduate had been named in the squad.

It's a run dating back to October 1937, two decades before the Busby Babes.

Last month, academy manager Brian McClair said it was part of Sir Alex
Ferguson's legacy.

"We are in the third generation of youth development since Sir Alex came down
here from Scotland," said McClair.

"He reinvigorated the policy that was started by Sir Matt Busby and Jimmy
Murphy.

"Going back all the way to then, they understood the possibility of developing
your own young players. Sir Alex did that and had unbelievable success with it.

"What we're delighted with, and I'm sure Sir Alex would be the first to say it,
is the number of players who have come through that system over the last 20-odd
years who have earned and are still earning a living in football.

"So we think, as a school of football, we're right up there with any Academy.
I'm fairly confident we have more people earning a living from the game than
anyone else, in terms of the pure numbers."

Even the older players ushered out of the door on deadline day like Will Keane
and Thorpe - both part of the 2011 FA Youth Cup-winning team - still have time
on their side.

Both are 21 and while they haven't made big impacts as teenagers like Januzaj or
even Ryan Giggs, it's not to say they won't make the grade at Old Trafford.

Cleverley is 24 but, after loan moves to Leicester, Watford and Wigan, is only
really halfway through his second season as a first-team regular. Welbeck, sent
on loan to Sunderland and Preston, is similar.

Not all the youngsters sent on loan last week will make it at Old Trafford. Not
all of them will even forge careers in the lower leagues.

But United made a bold statement on deadline day about the future of the club.
Even if it wasn't the one most fans were expecting.

Petrucci steers U21s to victory

United links: Live blog, app, e-edition, FB

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Give us alternative security to get your loan, says youth fund

BYLINE: YVONNE KAWIRA -1

LENGTH: 802  words


We got in touch with YEDF with respect to your issue and we thank the fund for
responding promptly

I am youth from Kipkelion, Kericho County.

I am a businessman who owns a pharmacy shop. In January last year, I applied for
a loan from the Youth Enterprise Development Fund (YEDF).

I filled the application form and attached all the necessary documents - a title
deed, business profile, brief personal history, bank statements, supplier
invoices.

I applied for Sh2 million loan to upgrade my business. The application was
approved at the fund's regional office in Nakuru and forwarded to the head
office in Nairobi.

But to my surprise, the application was returned to me on grounds that the
application forms had been changed. Consequently, I filled in other forms and
sent the application again. It was approved in Nakuru and forwarded to Nairobi,
just like in the first time.

Early this year, the second application was returned, this time requesting the
Kenya Revenue Authority tax compliance certificate, which I submitted to the
fund.

It took time before the fund returned the application for the third time,
claiming that the Pharmacy and Poisons Board licence I gave was in the name of
another person. The person whose name appears on the licence is my employee and
I am allowed by the board to have a licence under an employee's name who is
legally registered and always present at the premises.

But the certificate of incorporation of the premises is under my name and it is
clearly indicated that I am the business owner.

In my opinion, if the fund is in a position to assist, it should have requested
a sworn affidavit from the employee whose name appears on the licence rather
than frustrate my efforts.

YEDF was established to give funds to the youth to enable them unleash their
entrepreneurial potential by giving them loans, even without security.

But as it turns out, I have not qualified for that loan despite having
demonstrated to them that I am in a position to repay it.

In my view, someone is working hard to frustrate the development of the youth
towards the achievement of Vision 2030.

Please address this issue once and for all so that we stop wasting time and
resources making applications that are never considered. Thank you.

- Kiprotich

Hello Kiprotich.

We got in touch with YEDF with respect to your issue and we thank the fund for
responding promptly.

The lender noted that it is in receipt of your application, which was vetted by
its committee. The vetting team noted that the business does not belong to you.
It also said that the title deed you provided belonged to a deceased person. As
a result, the fund was unable to create a first legal charge on your
application.

As a follow up, YEDF said that it has been in communication with you and has
advised you to offer an alternative security. The lender also informed us that
it requested you to provide a business permit, a certificate of tax compliance,
and a loan statement.

And just as you rightly observed, the fund said it has a range of loan products
which it gives to the youth without security. However, the loan package that you
applied for - Vuka - is usually structured for established youth entrepreneurs
who wish to borrow large amounts of cash as individuals and can provide
security.

The YEDF also noted that it is mandated to safeguard the fund so that it is
sustainable. Therefore, giving huge sums of unsecured loans to individuals is
risky and can turn out to be very disastrous.

Kindly visit the fund's nearest office for further directions.

**********

Thank you for the invaluable service you give to Kenyans.

For the past few months, I have been losing money from my credit account
whenever I top up even when I am not using my Airtel SIM card. At the beginning
I used to lose Sh5, then Sh10, and now I lose Sh30 as soon as I top up.

This has forced me to stop topping up my SIM card for fear of losing more money.
In an attempt to establish the cause of the deductions, I visited the telecom
company's customer care centre in Nakuru but not much help was given to me.

Please help me to understand from Airtel company what the deduction is meant for
and when will it end.

- Samson Osano

Thank you, Samson, for contacting us over this matter. On communicating with
Airtel, the company noted that your line was subscribed to Kopa Credo service on
December 6, 7, and 13 last year, then on January 10 and 21 this year, hence the
deductions whenever you load airtime.

The company has stated that it contacted you over the said deductions and
explained them. We urge you to be cautious when subscribing to any service on
your handset in order to ensure that you do not subscribe to services which you
do not need.

Looking for answers? Send your queries and daytime telephone numbers to Yvonne
Kawira: E-mail: capitalletters@ke.nationmedia.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2013 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday

Women outpace men in self-employment in 18 districts

LENGTH: 426 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, March 9 -- Women have outpaced men in 18 districts in terms of
self-employment.

An analysis of borrowers of Youth and Small Entrepreneur Self Employment Fund
from Fiscal Year 2011/12 till the first four months of the current fiscal year
shows that the number of women running their own enterprises is higher than men
in 18 districts.

Jhapa ranks first in terms of the number of women self-employed. Altogether, 575
women from Jhapa have borrowed from Youth and Small Entrepreneur Self Employment
Fund to start their enterprises compared to 499 men. Morang is in the second
position with 480 self-employed women having borrowed from the fund. Among the
18 districts, Morang also has the biggest gap between women and men
self-employed who have borrowed from the fund, with 260 men taking out loans
from the fund.

Youth interested to run their own enterprise can borrow up to Rs 200,000 from
the fund through local cooperatives. Young entrepreneurs paying installments and
interest regularly can also receive 60 percent interest reimbursed as part of
interest subsidy. The loan matures in 42 months.

Officials of the fund attributed the rise in the number of women entrepreneurs
to the policy of prioritizing cooperatives run by women. Lok Bahadur Khaka, the
spokesperson for the fund, said concentration of women-fun cooperatives is high
in districts where number of women entrepreneurs has increased significantly.

Animal husbandry, embroidery and small shops are the popular enterprises among
women entrepreneurs, according to the fund.

But the number of women entrepreneurs is lower than men when the overall data is
counted.

According to the fund, 13,329 men have borrowed from the fund to start their own
enterprises compared to 10,189 women. The gap between number of men and women is
higher in districts like Kavre, Nuwakot, Kailali, Parsa and Kanchanpur. Loan
disbursement from the fund is yet to begin in Mustang and Manang.

The fund provides loans at 5 percent interest to cooperatives. These
cooperatives can float loans to interest youths, charging interest rate of up to
10 percent.

Youth can also form a group can apply for loans of up to Rs 5 million. The fund,
so far, has invested Rs 3.82 billion to help youths become self-employed.
Information posted on the fund's website says 3,440 youths in 73 districts have
benefited from the scheme so far.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

Balloting for PM's Youth Business Loan to begin between 15 to 20 Feb

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Senior Coordinator for Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Programme (PMYBLP), Aqeel Najam Hashmi has said that balloting for
PM's Youth Business Loan Programme would begin some time between 15 to 20 Feb.


 Talking to official media during his visit to some branches of National
Bank of Pakistan, he said that more than 26,000 applications had so far
been received.
 He said that since Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif had directed to
soften conditions of loan some changes had been made to Business Loan software.

 All applications would be processed in accordance with merit and
without any discrimination, he added.
 "Rs 100 billion have been allocated for the programme", he said.
Aqeel Hashmi further said, "we want to strengthen youth of the country by
providing them with means of living through business loans.It would help
empower the youngsters to earn their livelihood in a respectable manner.
 On the occasion, Raja Ansari, Coordinator PMYBLP for Sindh, said that
approximately 15,000 loan applications had been received.Daily they were getting
applications in the province between 400 to 600, he added.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                               December 13, 2015

Rural youths changing fortunes of self and villages

LENGTH: 417  words


Hundreds of young beneficiaries in remote villages are changing fortunes of the
state. These enthusiastic and committed youths are not only coming forward to
set up self-employment, but are also providing jobs to other rural youths.



Mukhyamantri Yuva Udyami Yojana, Mukhyamantri Arthik Kalyan Yojana and
Mukhyamantri Swarozgar Yojana have been implemented in Madhya Pradesh to train
rural youths to make them self-reliant. Under these schemes, rural youths are
extended financial assistance to start small time businesses. These efforts are
helping them lead a respectable life. The schemes are also removing poverty in
rural areas and ensuring economic empowerment of rural communities.

Earnest efforts are being made to boost rural economy by laying a network of
small and cottage industries. Arrangements have been made for district level
training in various trades through R-SETI to provide self employment to rural
youths. For this, bank loan facility is being made available to them.

Under Mukhyamantri Arthik Kalyan Yojana, loans from Rs. 20 thousand to Rs. 10
lakh are given to rural BPL persons between 18 and 55 years. Half of the project
capital i.e. Rs. 10 thousand is given as financial assistance by the state
government. Educational qualification is no bar. Last year, Panchayats and Rural
Development Department extended benefit of this scheme to 2,271 young rural
beneficiaries. Mukhyamantri Swarozgar Yojana has been implemented for young
entrepreneurs who require relatively more assistance. Under the scheme, loans
from Rs. 20 thousand to Rs. 10 lakh are given.

Youths from all sections of the society from the age of 18 to 45 years and who
have passed class V are eligible. The beneficiaries under this scheme are also
being facilitated by margin money assistance, loan subsidy and guarantee fees.
For general category people, 15 percent margin money upto a maximum of Rs. one
lakh will be given and 30 percent margin money upto a maximum of Rs. 2 lakh for
beneficiaries belonging to SCs, STs (except creamy layer), other backward
classes, women, minorities, general category poor and disabled. Loan subsidy of
5 percent will be given for maximum 7 years upto maximum Rs. 25 thousand. Last
year, 1135 youths availed benefit of this scheme.

Thus, lives of hundreds of rural youths have transformed due to these schemes.
Apart from joining mainstream of development, these youths also ensure economic
development of their families and contributing to development of the state and
country.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Business Daily (Nairobi)

                              July 9, 2010 Friday

Youth Fund Moves to Curb Loan Defaults

BYLINE: Victor Juma

LENGTH: 408  words


Managers of the Youth Enterprise Development Fund are betting on enhanced
training of budding entrepreneurs to stem defaults that have hit the
multi-million shilling revolving fund.

Default rates are estimated at more than 40 per cent but the fund says most of
the loan repayments are coming in slowly.

"Most of the investments in the rural areas are agricultural and livestock
related. They have a long maturity period before the youths can reap benefits
and start repayment. They were also badly affected by the unfavourable weather
patterns of 2008/09," reads part of a statement from the fund.

Loans advanced to individual entrepreneurs are the hardest to reclaim, says the
fund, says adding that credit channelled through financial institutions have a
repayment rate of 98 per cent.

The third mode of disbursement involves lending a maximum of Sh50,000 to a
registered youth group at the constituency level.

It is from such groups that an individual entrepreneur can apply for a loan --
between Sh25,000 and Sh100,000 -- to finance his venture.

The institution says it is intensifying entrepreneurship training of
beneficiaries to enhance the sustainability of their ventures, a move that is
expected to see steady repayments of loans.

It has also opened an M-Pesa account to make it easier for youth in the rural
areas to repay their loans and plans to open 25 regional offices in a bid to
interact more with the loanees.

In addition, two interns have been recruited to work in each constituency to
advise young investors and disseminate information from the fund.

The measures were contained in a newspaper advertisement detailing the
performance of the revolving fund since its inception four years ago.

The high default rates have caused concerns over the sustainability of the fund,
as the dwindling resources means less money will be available for lending to new
entrepreneurs while the government is unlikely to keep propping it up if it
fails to be self sufficient.

Treasury has pumped Sh2.7 billion into the fund.

The funding of young investors through the 32 financial institutions appears to
be the most successful system in terms of repayments and impact.

Since the fund was launched, financial institutions have lent to a total of
Sh2.4 billion to 78,363 enterprises with a high repayment rate while the
constituency-based disbursements have seen about 9,000 enterprises receive Sh382
million worth of loans whose full repayments is uncertain.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

Youth loan scheme not a political gimmick, says PM Sharif

LENGTH: 357  words

DATELINE: BAHAWALPUR


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Thursday said that the recently-launched youth
loan scheme is not a political 'gimmick.'
Addressing a launching ceremony of the Prime Ministers Business Loan Scheme for
Youth in Bahawalpur, he said that youths should be able to play their due role
in the development of Pakistan.


PM Sharif said that the country is facing some key challenges including
extremism, terrorism and energy crisis.
"The government is trying to address all these issues," he said, adding the
government has taken several measures to control energy crisis.
The prime minister said that the fact young people are taking in the loan
scheme, under which Rs100 billion have been earmarked, encourages him.
He said that during the six-month rule of this government not a single
corruption scandal has been reported, adding his government won't allow
corruption at any level.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has said credit goes to the incumbent government's
transparent policies that no scandal of corruption has surfaced during the last
six months.
He categorically stated that one hundred billion rupees scheme has not been
launched for political gains as it is in the best national interests. He said
the future of this country is linked with the youth and expressed the confidence
that they will not disappoint the nation.
He hoped that the first year of loan scheme will be a success story for the
youth and in the next four years[#x201a] more allocations will be made for the
scheme. He said he will visit each nook and corner of the country to get
firsthand knowledge of the problems being faced by the youth.
Referring to the challenges of militancy[#x201a] terrorism[#x201a] unemployment
and energy shortage in the country[#x201a] the Prime Minister expressed the
commitment to confront them at all costs.
He said though the issue of electricity shortage has not been resolved fully and
much more needs to be done in this regard[#x201a] yet the supply situation has
improved a lot during the last six months.  He said mega projects such as dams
of Diamer Basha[#x201a] Dasu[#x201a] Bunji and coal based Gaddani and solar park
will be constructed in order to overcome the power shortage.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2015 Saturday

MARYLAND:Governor Larry Hogan Announces $3.3 Million for Baltimore City Youth
Job Placements

LENGTH: 745  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


The state of Maryland has issued the following news release:

Governor Larry Hogan today announced $3.13 million in state funding to provide
Baltimore City youth with summer job opportunities and work experience.
Allocated to the Youth Works and Hire One Youth programs through the Department
of Labor, Licensing and Regulation (DLLR), these funds will provide summer jobs
to youth in Baltimore City. The funds will be provided by a combination of
Department of Human Resources (DHR) and a DLLR grant administered to Baltimore
City for youth job opportunity programs. Through funding already provided in the
state budget, as well as private funding secured by state and city officials,
around 8,100 youth will receive summer job placements.

Governor Hogan also announced $4.15 million to provide funds for business
recovery loans, homeownership assistance programs, and targeted assistance for
significant façade improvements for impacted Baltimore City businesses in an
effort to create a more economically and architecturally appealing streetscape.

The funding for both initiatives, which are on Wednesday's Board of Public Works
agenda for final approval, was announced today at the ribbon cutting for the
Martin Luther King, Jr. Recreation Center in West Baltimore.

"These are significant and necessary steps in our ongoing effort to help
affected Baltimore City residents recover and rebuild," said Governor Hogan.
"These funds will allow business owners the opportunity to improve their
property's appearance and will provide job opportunities and work experience to
our youth throughout the summer months."

The $4.15 million in funds will be distributed in the following manner:

$1.5 million for business recovery loans;
    $500,000 for business façade grants, which could help an estimated 50
businesses;
    $150,000 for business façade design and implementation (architectural and
workforce services); and
    $2 million for settlement expense grants and down payment assistance loans
for new homeowners. This attracts an additional $1 million committed by
Baltimore City for deferred payment loans that can be forgiven, achieving $3
million in investments for homeownership, an estimated 300 homeowners at $10,000
each.

The financing for the façade improvements will be disbursed as grants and/or
flexible loans through the established process that the Department of Housing
and Community Development (DHCD) has established under its existing programs.
DHCD's Maryland Business Recovery program, launched within a week of the riots,
continues to process applications from affected businesses through DHCD's micro
loan and Neighborhood BusinessWorks programs. To date, the program is reviewing
applications from 22 businesses, 13 of which have been approved and are in the
process of being closed. Micro loans are for a maximum of $35,000 per business.

"The health and well-being of Baltimore is critical to the health and well-being
of Maryland," DHCD Secretary Kenneth Holt said. "Our efforts are aimed at having
Baltimore not just recover, but come back better and stronger."

Additionally, Governor Hogan celebrated the grand opening of the Martin Luther
King, Jr. Recreation Center, a newly renovated facility that was deeded over
from Baltimore City to the Greater Harvest Baptist Church, which is headed by
Reverend Errol D. Gilliard.

Important supporters of the initiative include Arthur "Squeaky" Kirk, son of the
late Delegate Ruth Kirk, the Governor's Office of Community Initiatives (GOCI),
and numerous sponsors including State Farm, Kaiser Permanente, Bell Nursery,
Baltimore Jewish Council, Rocksprings Foundation, and the Center for Social
Change. Donations consisted of a community garden, 20 computers, 15 iPads, a
ping pong table, furniture, the renovation of a basketball court and playground,
and $10,000 in grant money for Delegate Kirk's Annual Fun Festival, which is
held in August in memory of her service and commitment to the community.

"My team and I are extremely proud of this combined effort between the community
and the private sector. We'd like to thank the donors that contributed to the
revitalization of the MLK Recreation Center," said GOCI Executive Director Steve
McAdams. "Also, I'd like to applaud the financial commitment and personal
sacrifice of Arthur Kirk for leading this incredible community initiative in
West Baltimore."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

PM approves military base in Swat Valley

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: MINGORA


INGORA, Jan. 16 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday paid a visit to the
de-radicalisation centre at Sabawoon, Swat and lauded the role of Pakistan Army
in the rebuilding of the town's infrastructure and approved the construction of
a cantonment in the city.

According to Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR), Prime Minister Nawaz
approved and announced a brigade level cantonment for Swat and Malakand areas.

Prime Minister lauded the role played by Pakistan Army in bringing peace and
stability to the area, it conluded.

Director General ISPR Major General Asim Bajwa tweeted that the prime minister
had "acknowledged the army's efforts in bringing peace" and "approved a
brigade-sized Cantt for Swat".

The de-radicalisation centre is rehabilitating the youth of the affected areas
of Swat. According to Maj-Gen Bajwa, over 2,200 youths have been reintegrated in
the society till now.

Nawaz commended the armed forces for restoring peace in the area and completing
the reconstruction of schools, hospitals, roads and bridges in collaboration
with the civic administration and the people. He said their services would be
remembered for long. The prime minister said that the government was striving to
free Pakistan from extremism and that he was aware of the unemployment and
economic deprivation in different parts of the country. He said these problems
were being addressed through striving toward a more uniform distribution of
national resources in these parts of the country.

Nawaz hoped that the de-radicalisation initiative could be replicated in other
parts of the country.

"I wish that this programme is extended to other parts of the country as well,
where the youth has adopted such path and needs attention. They should be made
healthy members of the society through constructive engagement."

"They are not enemies of Pakistan but have lost their direction," he added.

Youth Business Loan Scheme

The Prime Minister Youth Business Loans will be granted on merit and not party
affiliation, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said.

The prime minister was speaking at a youth loan ceremony in Mingora.

Nawaz stressed that it does not matter if an applicant belongs to Pakistan
Muslim League - Nawaz, Pakistan Peoples Party, Pakistan Tehrik-i-Insaf or any
other political party; they will get a loan if they qualify.

"Party affiliations are limited to election campaigning; now that I'm the prime
minister of the entire nation, these differences don't matter," he said.

He further said that no recommendation from any powerful person will be allowed
to influence the decision to grant loans. "Deserving applicants will get the
loan," he said, adding that as a head of the state, he should stick to justice
even if it costs him the premiership.

Nawaz said the people of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered
Tribal Areas (FATA) deserve loans the most.

He assured them that the share of provinces in the scheme is based on the
population and not on the number of applications received from each province.

Nawaz Sharif also interacted with several loan aspirants and inquired about
their plans for business.

Among others, Governor Engineer Shaukatullah, Minister for Information Senator
Pervaiz Rashid, Advisor to PM Amir Muqam were present.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Post. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (Pakistan)

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

PM approves military base in Swat Valley

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: Mingora


ingora, Jan. 16 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday paid a visit to the
de-radicalisation centre at Sabawoon, Swat and lauded the role of Pakistan Army
in the rebuilding of the town's infrastructure and approved the construction of
a cantonment in the city.

According to Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR), Prime Minister Nawaz
approved and announced a brigade level cantonment for Swat and Malakand areas.

Prime Minister lauded the role played by Pakistan Army in bringing peace and
stability to the area, it conluded.

Director General ISPR Major General Asim Bajwa tweeted that the prime minister
had "acknowledged the army's efforts in bringing peace" and "approved a
brigade-sized Cantt for Swat".

The de-radicalisation centre is rehabilitating the youth of the affected areas
of Swat. According to Maj-Gen Bajwa, over 2,200 youths have been reintegrated in
the society till now.

Nawaz commended the armed forces for restoring peace in the area and completing
the reconstruction of schools, hospitals, roads and bridges in collaboration
with the civic administration and the people. He said their services would be
remembered for long. The prime minister said that the government was striving to
free Pakistan from extremism and that he was aware of the unemployment and
economic deprivation in different parts of the country. He said these problems
were being addressed through striving toward a more uniform distribution of
national resources in these parts of the country.

Nawaz hoped that the de-radicalisation initiative could be replicated in other
parts of the country.

"I wish that this programme is extended to other parts of the country as well,
where the youth has adopted such path and needs attention. They should be made
healthy members of the society through constructive engagement."

"They are not enemies of Pakistan but have lost their direction," he added.

Youth Business Loan Scheme

The Prime Minister Youth Business Loans will be granted on merit and not party
affiliation, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said.

The prime minister was speaking at a youth loan ceremony in Mingora.

Nawaz stressed that it does not matter if an applicant belongs to Pakistan
Muslim League - Nawaz, Pakistan Peoples Party, Pakistan Tehrik-i-Insaf or any
other political party; they will get a loan if they qualify.

"Party affiliations are limited to election campaigning; now that I'm the prime
minister of the entire nation, these differences don't matter," he said.

He further said that no recommendation from any powerful person will be allowed
to influence the decision to grant loans. "Deserving applicants will get the
loan," he said, adding that as a head of the state, he should stick to justice
even if it costs him the premiership.

Nawaz said the people of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered
Tribal Areas (FATA) deserve loans the most.

He assured them that the share of provinces in the scheme is based on the
population and not on the number of applications received from each province.

Nawaz Sharif also interacted with several loan aspirants and inquired about
their plans for business.

Among others, Governor Engineer Shaukatullah, Minister for Information Senator
Pervaiz Rashid, Advisor to PM Amir Muqam were present.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Statesman. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 MASHRIQ GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday
                                MainBody Edition

Puzzle of youth boss and R5.4m home loan

BYLINE: THANDUXOLO JIKA

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 440  words


Puzzle of youth boss and R5.4m home loan

House bought with help of Indian bank - that doesn't give bonds

MYSTERY surrounds a multimillion-rand Bank of India bond given to ANC Youth
League president Collen Maine last year to buy a mansion in a posh Pretoria East
suburb.

A month after he was elected unopposed at the youth league conference at
Gallagher Convention Centre, Midrand, in September 2015, Maine bought the
R5.4-million home in Woodhill Estate.

Maine, who has defended the Gupta family amid allegations that it has undue
influence on President Jacob Zuma and cabinet ministers, had the house
registered in his name on December 15.

Deeds office records show that Maine was granted a R5.4-million bond by the Bank
of India. But the bank does not offer home loans and says it deals only with
corporate investments.

The State Bank of India, which does offer home loans, did not respond to
questions about how a South African could qualify for one.

Maine told the Sunday Times this was a private matter and he had no obligation
to reveal which bank had offered him the loan.

"It is bonded by the bank ... that is a private matter. I approached a bank, a
bank gave me a loan," he said.

When pressed to explain if he had received any assistance to get a loan from a
bank that did not offer them, he said: "I don't need assistance from anybody.
Banks don't work on influence; they are not politically linked."

According to several Luthuli House sources, Maine - local government MEC in
North West before he was elected youth league president - earns just less than
R30000 a month. "It is extremely unlikely that the ANC could have matched his
MEC salary," said one source.

Maine told the Sunday Times he could afford repayments on a R5.4-million bond
because of his private businesses. "I have got my other things that I do
privately which have nothing to do with government tenders. I have not stolen
any money," he said.

In his declaration of interests when he was an MP between 2009 and 2014, Maine
said he was a director of Mokone Mokgoloko Consulting, Mokone Mokgoloko
Projects, Southern Ambition 285, Sekukune Trading, and Sign and Seal Trading
193.

According to a company search, all except Mokone Mokgoloko Projects are being
deregistered.

Maine has defended the Guptas on various occasions and called for Mcebisi Jonas
to be disciplined by the ANC after the deputy finance minister confirmed that
the family had offered him a promotion to the National Treasury's top job.

Maine has also been reported as saying that he does not believe the Guptas have
influenced the ANC.

jikat@sundaytimes.co.za

NO ASSISTANCE: ANC Youth League president Collen Maine

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Maryam has no financial, administrative control over loans disbursement'

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 158

LENGTH: 440  words


Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) on Tuesday announced that its
chairperson Maryam Nawaz has no financial and administrative control over
disbursing of loans by banks, as pre and post-disbursement of amounts follow
strict internal and external audit regime to ensure transparency.

A spokesperson of the PMYP strongly rebutted the allegations levelled by
Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf (PTI) chief Imran Khan of exclusively handing over of Rs
100 billion youth business loan scheme to its chairperson, Mohtarma Maryam
Nawaz, by the PM.

Contradicting the allegations, the spokesperson said PTI's chief lacks knowledge
about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of Prime Minister's Youth Programme before levelling such allegations
for mere political point scoring.

National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank (FWB) are transparently
implementing the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme and disbursing
loans to potential young entrepreneurs through their own financial resources,
the spokesperson explained. The national exchequer has not allocated a single
penny directly to PMYP for rolling out PMYBLS.

The spokesperson further explained that the government of Pakistan has only
earmarked Rs 5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit
tenure of eight (8) years including one-year grace period.

The spokesperson maintained that the banks are accountable only to State Bank of
Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in processing, approving and
rejecting the loan applications. Thus, the chairperson PMYP has no financial and
administrative control over the disbursing of loans by banks, it was further
maintained.

The spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs
4.0 billion and Rs 1.2 billion respectively for prime minister's laptop and
prime minister's fee reimbursement schemes have been allocated directly to
Higher Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP.

The HEC as an implementing agency for both the schemes disburses the amount
after following the laid down criteria stipulated by the ministry of finance,
the spokesperson further explained.

Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, the spokesperson
said an amount of Rs 800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across federation including
Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK) and
Gilgit-Baltistan (GB).

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

PM loan scheme for youth to enhance business activity: Raja Husnain

LENGTH: 180  words


Professional Chief of Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority
(SMEDA), Raja Husnain Javed has said that Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan
Scheme would help increase business activity in the country.

He said that application forms to obtain loan through Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme can be had from the National Bank of Pakistan, First Women
Bank and SMEDA without any charges.

He said that women can also get the loan facility on easy term and condition.
Talking to Pakistan Television channel, he said that the application form is
very easy to fill, adding that required plan for initiating business should also
be attached with this form.

He said that the forms can be submitted in any designated branch of NBP, First
Women Bank or SMEDA. To a question, he said that age limit for getting loan
facility is from 21 to 45.

Acting President Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), Mian Tariq
Misbah said that loan scheme would provide benefit to the youth of the country
as young students are coming with new ideas of projects for starting business.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

PM loan scheme for youth to enhance business activity: Raja Husnain

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Professional Chief of Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA), Raja Husnain Javed has said
that Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme would help increase business
activity in the country.


     He said that application forms to obtain loan through Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme can be had from the National
Bank of Pakistan, First Women Bank and SMEDA without any charges.
     He said that women can also get the loan facility on easy term and
condition.
     Talking to Pakistan Television channel, he said that the application
form is very easy to fill, adding that required plan for initiating
business should also be attached with this form.
     He said that the forms can be submitted in any designated branch of NBP,
First Women Bank or SMEDA. To a question, he said that age limit for getting
loan facility is from 21 to 45.
     Acting President Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), Mian
Tariq Misbah said that loan scheme would provide benefit to the youth
of the country as young students are coming with new ideas of projects
for starting business.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                      June 17, 2003 Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Digest

SECTION: BUSINESS; DIGEST; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 529 words

DATELINE: CHARLTON



FiberCore gets default notice on debt

- FiberCore Inc. yesterday announced that on June 12 it received notice of
default on $2.5 million in outstanding 5 percent convertible subordinated debt
from lenders Riverview Group LLC, Laterman & Co. and Forevergreen Partners.

If the default continues, the lenders have the right to accelerate the maturity
date and call the entire $2.5 million plus interest, the company said. The debt
is unsecured.

Last week, FleetBoston Financial Corp. called for payment in full of the $8.5
million remaining on a $10 million loan after FiberCore defaulted. That loan is
guaranteed by Tyco International Group S.A., a subsidiary of Tyco International
Ltd. Under the terms of the loan, if FleetBoston decides to collect the loan
from Tyco, Tyco can assume control of FiberCore's board of directors.

John D. Ronnquist, FiberCore's interim chief financial officer, said yesterday
that Tyco has yet to announce a decision about what course of action it will
take.

Youth job fair at Common Outlets

WORCESTER -- Pride Productions Inc. and Worcester Democratic state
representatives Vincent A. Pedone, James B. Leary and Robert P. Spellane will
sponsor a Youth Job Fair from 3 to 7 p.m. tomorrow in the food court at
Worcester Common Outlets.

They will also introduce a new youth employment Web site, www.youthjobnet.org,
where job listings are being posted.

Open to youths 16 and older, the fair will feature area employers, including
such companies as New England Financial, Shaw's supermarkets and Cumberland
Farms. ''These and many more participators have been requested to offer one or
two, if not three full- or part-time jobs to qualified applicants,'' said Ernest
C. Floyd, president of Pride Productions.

Workforce Central representatives will be available to help youths fill out job
applications and offer ''Tips on Job Success'' workshops.

Additionally, the fair will introduce programs that Pride Productions is
offering this summer, including audio, graphics, video and computer training.
Available at a small fee, classes will run from 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. in the food
court of Worcester Common Outlets.

Pride Productions is a Worcester based nonprofit corporation that aims to
provide youth with access to technology and training in multimedia production.

SEC investigates Applix restatements

WESTBORO -- Business software company Applix Inc. yesterday said it is being
investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for previously announced
restatements of its earnings.

In May, Applix reported it would restate financial results for 2001 and 2002 to
revise the timing of certain expenses related to the 2001 acquisition of Dynamic
Decisions Pty Ltd.

The company also adjusted preliminary financial statement information from an
April 24 press release to increase reported liabilities and decrease
stockholders' equity by about $1.8 million.

In February, the company announced it would restate 2001 and 2002 results
because it booked revenue too soon. At the same time, Alan Goldsworthy resigned
as chief executive and was replaced by David C. Mahoney, a longtime Applix
director.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              924 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday

Nawaz launches youth business loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. X No. 236

LENGTH: 554  words


Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday launched a youth business loan scheme to
help young entrepreneurs initiate their own businesses.

Speaking at a ceremony to launch the programme, the prime minister said his
government was committed to continuing the privatisation programme as it was the
"only way to turn around organisations that are running in heavy losses".

"It is not the job of government to run factories or hotels rather it wants to
eradicate terrorism, improve law and order situation and end sectarianism."

Nawaz blamed the nationalisation programme, saying it had played a havoc with
the national economy. Had this step not been taken, Pakistan would have been
among leading developed countries of the world, he added.

He said during his first term in power, he had tried to reverse the negative
trend by privatising banks and state-run industrial units. It was because of
these steps that the banks today are doing good business and making huge
profits, he said.

Nawaz said that earlier loans were available to the rich only but now his
government had initiated the "revolutionary scheme" to provide loans to the
youth. He regretted that no previous government had bothered to look after 110
million youth of the country and it was only the PML-N-led government that took
the decision to bring them into national mainstream.

The prime minister said that small and medium enterprises played a key role in
national economies of Korea and Malaysia, and hoped he would be able to
replicate the same in Pakistan by launching the scheme.

Nawaz said the country direly needed mature and strong leadership to help tackle
the serious challenges being faced by it. He said he had high hopes from the
youth and with their help, he would bring an economic revolution.

He asked people to give the government some time to show results. He said the
government is formulating new laws to address the issue of law and order and a
security operation is also underway in Karachi.

Nawaz said an economic corridor would be established with the help of China. The
prime minister said loans would be extended to the youth purely on merit through
ballot and there would be no discretionary quota for anyone.

The prime minister said that duration of electricity load shedding has "come
down" but the problem would remain there for the next three to four years and
people would have to demonstrate patience for positive results.

He said the issue would remain there until power shortage is overcome and the
gap between cost of generation and price of the electricity is bridged. The loan
scheme is designed to provide subsidised financing at eight percent mark-up per
annum for 100,000 beneficiaries through National Bank of Pakistan and First
Women Bank Limited.

The total mark up rate would be 15 percent but the government would pay the
remaining seven percent on behalf of applicants. Those falling in the age group
of 21 and 45 years are eligible to apply for loans from Rs 100,000 to Rs 2
million.

Small business loans with tenure of up to seven years plus one year grace period
and a debt-equity ratio of 90:10 would be disbursed across the country,
including four provinces, Gilgit-Baltistan, Azad Jammu and Kashmir and Federally
Administered Tribal Areas. SMEDA has been tasked with an advisory role in the
implementation of this scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday

Mashonaland Central Youths Get US$500 000

LENGTH: 432 words


The Ministry of Youth Development, Indigenisation and Empowerment, yesterday
disbursed US$500 000 to fund businesses by youths in Mashonaland Central
Province. Minister Saviour Kasukuwere said a lot of youths were failing to
access loans from the Youth Fund because of poorly prepared project proposals
and lack of information dissemination to remote districts of the country.

Disbursing the money in Bindura yesterday, Minister Kasukuwere said his ministry
will soon launch a capacity building programme nationwide to help youths come up
with acceptable project proposals.

He said he will also deploy more youth officers in all districts in the country
to disseminate information regarding the Youth Fund.

"All applicants obviously cannot benefit from this initiative but the high
number of youths who are failing to access the loans is because some of our
youths are not able to come up with sound business projects. As a ministry
responsible for youth empowerment, we will embark on a capacity building
programme to empower the youths with a business mind that enables them to access
the loans," Minister Kasukuwere said.

He attacked beneficiaries of the funds who were misusing the funds saying their
actions were a drawback to the scheme.

"Some of you are buying cars and marrying instead of investing in sustainable
economic empowerment initiatives. The Government will soon unveil a monitoring
and evaluation committee that will guard against this," he said.

Turning to calls by Reserve Bank Governor Dr Gideon Gono not to indigenise
banks, Minister Kasukuwere said his ministry will be guided by the
indigenisation laws of the country.

"I don't want to comment on his (Gono) statements regarding the indigenisation
of the banks. All I can say is our actions regarding the financial sector
dovetails with the aspirations of this country regarding black economic
empowerment," he said.

Mashonaland Central Governor Advocate Martin Dinha, said the province wanted all
banks to meet the indigenisation criteria. He said the banking sector was
remitting its profits to offshore accounts while the country was experiencing a
liquidity crunch.

"(Governor) Gono is just dreaming. He should wake up to the reality that
Zimbabweans are no longer hewers of wood and drawers of water but are a people
with an economic vision. There is nothing we can learn from banks based in
capitalist Europe since they have failed to save their collapsing economies," he
said.

Advocate Dinha said contrary to reports in some sections of the media that there
was factionalism in the province, Zanu-PF was united and solid.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday

Rs 3bn interest-free loans for Punjab youth : Shahbaz

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 150

LENGTH: 299  words


Punjab Chief Minister (CM) Shahbaz Sharif has said that interest-free loans of
Rs 3 billion will be given to skilled but jobless youth of Punjab on soft terms,
which would enable them to stand on their own feet.

Announcing Punjab's Youth Policy 2012 on Wednesday, the CM said that 70,000
families would benefit from the scheme of interest-free loans to the jobless
youth.

He said that the Punjab government would provide modern laptops at a cost of Rs
12 billion to three lakh talented students.

"Special relaxation of three years will be given to young women in the age limit
for government jobs whereas 33 percent quota will also be reserved for them," he
said.

According to the Youth Policy, Fulbright scholarships would be given to 500
female students studying in universities across the province. An amount of Rs 2
billion would be allocated for providing loans to women on soft terms under
Women Development Programme.

As many as 50,000 male and female students would be given four-month internship
opportunities through public-private partnership every year. Each candidate will
be given a monthly stipend of Rs 10,000 and the government would allocate Rs 1
billion for this purpose.

Scholarships would be given to 25,000 students for higher education this year
under the Youth Policy.

A Sports Development Fund would also be established for which an amount of Rs 2
billion would be released. Youth hostels of high standards would be set up in
every district.

Assistance for technical education will also be provided to the skilled youth
under Punjab Youth Policy 2012 and preference will be given to the youth of
southern Punjab for scholarships in this regard.

A special helpline would also be established through which the students can
directly contact the CM for redressal of their grievances.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                          September 22, 2012 Saturday

Loan scheme of MFC, boon or bane

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: Hyderabad


Hyderabad, Sept. 22 -- The Andhra Pradesh State Minorities Finance Corporation
was incorporated to assist the weaker sections of Minorities viz; Muslims,
Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists and Parsis for their socio-economic development by
providing margin money loans and Direct loans with the assistance of Govt. of
A.P. and N.M.D.F.C for setting up of businesses, Industrial, Service,
Agricultural and allied viable activities and Grant-in-Aid for Welfare Scheme.
In this connection Andhra Pradesh Minority Finance Corporation has invited
applications from unemployed youth from across the state which can be submitted
online.

But the conditions stipulated by state minority welfare department are like
making fun of poor minorities. At the first place the youth has to make rounds
of revenue officer's office to obtain income certificate. The youth who is
already unemployed; can he bear the expenditure of making rounds of MRO office?
If he has the capacity then also he has to run from pillar to post for weeks to
obtain the certificate.

One has to possess 10 percent amount to obtain loan. How can a poor unemployed
person manage to collect 10 percent of the loan amount? The MFC asks the
beneficiaries to prepare the bank to give loan and then MFC will give the
subsidy amount. But sadly no bank readily agrees to give the loan more so in
case of Muslim applicant. This is the sad story of unemployed minority youth.

In this scenario Managing Director Minority Finance Corporation, Mr. Ilyas Razvi
should give suggestions to the government to simplify the process so that the
unemployed minority youth can truly benefit from the scheme. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday

Pakistan: Balloting for PM's Youth Business Loan to begin between 15 to 20 Feb

LENGTH: 220  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Feb. 5 -- Senior Coordinator for Prime Minister's Youth

Business Loan Programme (PMYBLP), Aqeel Najam Hashmi has said that balloting for
PM's Youth Business Loan Programme would begin some time between 15 to 20 Feb.

Talking to official media during his visit to some branches of National

Bank of Pakistan, he said that more than 26,000 applications had so far

been received.

He said that since Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif had directed to

soften conditions of loan some changes had been made to Business Loan software.

All applications would be processed in accordance with merit and

without any discrimination, he added.

"Rs 100 billion have been allocated for the programme", he said.

Aqeel Hashmi further said, "we want to strengthen youth of the country by
providing them with means of living through business loans.It would help

empower the youngsters to earn their livelihood in a respectable manner.

On the occasion, Raja Ansari, Coordinator PMYBLP for Sindh, said that

approximately 15,000 loan applications had been received.Daily they were getting
applications in the province between 400 to 600, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Analysts appreciate govt's small business loan scheme

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Provincial Chief SMEDA Raja Hasnain while appreciating government's small
business scheme termed it good for creating job opportunities for youth,
development of country. Talking to a tv channel, he said that it is a small
business loan scheme designed for the youth ranging from 21-45 years added that
this loan will be given for doing business and there is no restrictions of type
of business.

y He said that 50 percents of the loan target this year will be given to
females. Every candidate applying for loan will have to prove his profitability
through feasibility report. He added that all the federating units of Pakistan
are eligible for this loan and all the people will be given equal opportunities
in getting loans. He further said that loan will approved through a lucky draw
and the successful applicants' will not be included in second lucky draws for
the purpose. Expert in finance Dr. Khawaja Amjad Saeed said that problems of the
youth should be identified and they should be equipped with employable skills.
He said beside this, more jobs should be created as it is very important in the
development of a country. He quoted a Hadith and said that self employment is
very crucial and that needs small entrepreneurship but again entrepreneurship
needs capital. He appreciated the government step of loans and said that cash
generation skills should also be imparted to the youth so that they could become
able to payback the loan.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

Govt committed to economic empowerment of women: Maryam

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 844

LENGTH: 527  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Ms. Maryam Nawaz held a meeting
with U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues, Ms. Cathy Russell
During the meeting, matters of mutual interests, especially government's
initiatives to empower women, came under discussion.

The Chairperson apprised the visiting ambassador, "Government is focused on
creating new job opportunities for the youth through the promotion of SMEs in
the country. Prime Minister's Small Business Loan Scheme is a milestone in this
regard".

The Chairperson said, "Women constitute almost 52% of 190 Million population of
the country. There are 60 special seats reserved for women In Pakistan's
National Assembly, Women are 25% of the workforce in the country, especially in
rural areas.

They are actively contributing in agriculture, industry, banks,
telecommunication and marketing. Maryam Nawaz Sharif added, "PML(N) government
is fully committed to economic empowerment of women. Government also wants to
impart vocational training to women through Youth Skill Development Scheme.

Women would be professionally trained in skills like cookery, bakery and would
be provided a monthly stipend worth 3-5 thousand rupees, for a period of 6
months. The government will bear their fee. 800 million rupees have been
allocated for this programme".

The Chairperson highlighted, "Government intends to promote entrepreneurial
skills in women. Prime minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme has reserved 50%
loans for women.

This scheme includes many women-specific trades like bakery and confectionary,
catering and decoration services, montessori school, beauty clinic, interior
decoration, day care centre and boutique". She added, "Besides the provision of
business loans to the women, Government is also focused on providing them
technical training through handholding programme".

Ms. Cathy Russell appreciated the efforts of the government for economic revival
of the country by empowering and engaging the youth, especially women, and
assured her country's maximum support in this regard. Later in the day,
Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Maryam Nawaz Sharif chaired
meeting on Hand Holding Programme.

It was attended by a young parliamentarian along with secretary Food Security
and Research, Secretary Industry, Secretary Information and other officers
concerned. A complete overview of the Hand Holding programme was presented in
the meeting. The Chairperson asked the authorities concerned to devise a
fool-proof framework of the programme. She also directed to gradually expand
operations of this programme so that business loan awardees throughout the
country.could benefit.

She added, "We would not only give cheques to the loan seekers but would also
assist them in running their businesses. Special arrangements, if necessary,
should be made for this purpose".

The Chairperson also said, "Loan seekers should also be provided with all
necessary information by making use of modern technology, especially the
internet. A website should be developed carrying links of all the relevant
departments to provide all kind of information to facilitate people applying for
the loan".

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Women show overwhelming response in PM Youth Business Loan program: SMEDA

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 339

LENGTH: 390  words


The women of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA)
are showing outstanding response in Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans
programme with a mission to take full advantage of this opportunity and play
positive role in the national development.

Ali Gohar, Incharge PM Youth Business Loan Programme, SMEDA Desk Peshawar told
on Tuesday that response of women from across Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and FATA is
tremendous and very positive.

He said women from Chitral to DI Khan and Kohistan to Peshawar are contacting
SMEDA offices and regional centres about different aspects of this beneficial
program including business schemes, operational and financial plans.

In last two days, he said most of the women showed their keen interest in beauty
clinics, boutiques and spices processing, packing and marketing programs. He
said SMEDA has floated a list of 56 pre-feasibility studies for guidance and
facilitation of interested entrepreneurs under the PM program.

He said it is first kind of a programme that will benefit both male and female
and will be beneficial for the youth of Pakistan irrespective of political
affiliation.

Ali Gohar said SMEDA has established information and helping desks in Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa Chamber of Commerce and Industry Peshawar, Swat Chamber of Commerce
and Industry in Mingora, Women Business Development Centre Peshawar and Regional
Business Coordination Office Abbottabad for proper guidance and facilitation of
youth. He said SMEDA offices will remain open from 9am to 5pm where people can
contact and approach for technical guidance.

Ali Gohar said response of tribesmen from FATA was also tremendous and are
contacting us for getting information regarding different features and plans of
PM Youth Business Loan programme. He said most of tribesmen of Mohmand Agency
have shown interest in the Marble and Onyx Products Manufacturing, Marble Tiles
Manufacturing Units and Marble Mosaic Development Centres as this area is rich
for this resource.

He said tribesmen of South and North Waziristan besides Khyber, Kurram and
Orakzai Agencies are also showing keen interest in PM business loan programme.
The SMEDA official assured that all out technical support would be provided to
interested youth in this program and urged the candidates to come with solid
business plans for their own interest.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Credit extension remains low

LENGTH: 540 words

DATELINE: Kathmandu


Kathmandu, March 28 -- Youths have failed to get enough loans under the
government's "Agriculture Loan for the Youth" programme introduced last fiscal
year to encourage youths to engage in commercial farming

Under the programme, the youths get the loan at just 6 percent interest rate.
The government has subsidised the interest by 4 percentage points. The actual
interest rate is 10 percent.

According to the Nepal Rastra Bank (NRB), of Rs500 million allocated for the
interest subsidy, just Rs18 million has been distributed so far. Commercial
banks extended Rs1.16 billion against the agriculture loan portfolio of Rs67
billion as of mid-February this year.

Terming the progress under the programme disappointing, the Parliamentary
Agriculture and Water Resource Committee on Sunday directed the Finance Ministry
to work with the authorities concerned like NRB to ease the procedure the
prospective borrowers have to follow to get the loans. It also asked the
ministry to consider extending the loans by accepting the projects as
collateral.

Agriculture Development Bank Limited (ADBL) leads the commercial banks extending
loans under this scheme. "Our loan disbursement of under the programme stands at
Rs370 million as of March 13," said ADBL CEO Lila Prakash Sitaula. "We are
aggressively marketing such loans and we expect to disburse Rs500 million by
mid-April."

Other commercial banks, however, have lagged behind. Bankers said they are
finding it difficult to disburse the loans as the number of prospective
borrowers has remained very low. "Because of the Rs10 million cap, bigger
ventures cannot qualify for the facility, limiting our lending," said Nepal bank
Limited CEO Devendra Pratap Shah.

According to the working procedure unveiled by NRB, an individual can borrow a
maximum of Rs10 million under this scheme The working procedure has categorised
12 areas of agriculture eligible for the facility. The areas include vegetable
production, processing and storage; seed production, processing and storage;
floriculture; livestock; fruits production, processing and storage; and dairy
production, processing and sales.

Fishery, production and sales; mushroom production, processing and storage;
animal slaughter house and meat business; herbal production, processing and
storage; sugarcane, cardamom and ginger farming, storage and processing; and
agriculture business are other areas eligible for the subsidy.

The interest subsidy facility can be availed only on investments made in areas
outside the Kathmandu Metropolitan City and other sub-metropolitan cities. The
repayment period will range from a minimum of three months to a maximum of five
years. One bank can lend a maximum amount of Rs1 billion. Provided a bank wants
to lend more, it has to take the NRB's approval.

To make available the subsidised amount to the banks, the government has opened
an account named "Agriculture Credit Interest Subsidy Reimbursement" in the
central bank. The Finance Ministry has deposited Rs 500 million in the account.

Published: 28-03-2016 08:10

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            January 22, 2007 Monday

Anyon: Young guns can profit from loan deals

SECTION: Pg. 46

LENGTH: 530 words


Port Vale keeper Joe Anyon believes going on loan could help his fellow youth
graduates make the grade at Vale Park.

Anyon is one of six former trainees given senior contracts last summer - and is
the only one currently playing first-team  football.

Striker Louis Briscoe has been released, while defender Luke Prosser,
midfielders Christian Smith and Mark Soboljew and winger Joe Cardle are playing
in the reserves.

Anyon had successful loan spells in the Conference North with Stafford and
Harrogate last season and is hoping his former youth team-mates get a similar
opportunity, even if that means dropping into non-league.

The 20-year-old keeper said: "When I first went out on loan I couldn't believe
it. I wondered 'what have they sent me out to?'

"I was up against big, physical men who were knocking me about in games and
telling me exactly how they were going to put me in the back of the net.

"It is different to youth-team football in that you have to win the game. Both
Harrogate and Stafford were trying to get up into the Conference and so lose
three points and you would be  struggling.

"In youth-team football you like to win, but it is about progression.

"I think going out on loan would be brilliant for the other young lads. It helps
you so much and is so different even to reserve-team football as there is
something on the game.

"You have to get three points whether it is an ugly game or you play well."

Anyon made his first-team debut on December 30 when he replaced Mark Goodlad at
Bristol City.

Goodlad will be out for six months with a ruptured Achilles tendon and Vale
intend sticking with Anyon for the rest of the campaign.

He added: "Going on loan helped me when I got into the first team as I didn't
worry about the physical side of things. Instead I could concentrate on the
difference in pace and the ability of the players I was up against."

Manager Martin Foyle is keen to get his younger players out on loan, but as yet
hasn't had offers for them.

However, Stafford boss Phil Robinson was a keen observer at last Tuesday's Vale
reserve game against Huddersfield when Soboljew, Smith, Prosser and Cardle all
played in a 1-1 draw.

Briscoe also played in what turned out to be the 18 year-old's last game for the
Valiants.

The club have reached an agreement with the striker on the remaining six months
of his contract after deciding he hadn't made the progress they wanted.

The club had high hopes for the striker, from Burton-on-Trent, when he made his
first-team debut as a substitute in December 2005.

Briscoe had been a prolific scorer at youth level, but struggled to maintain
that form after being awarded a 12-month senior deal last summer.

He made only five substitute appearances for the Valiants, including just one
this season in the 4-0 FA Cup defeat at Hereford two months ago. He was behind
Leon Constantine, Akpo Sodje, Nathan Lowndes, Michael Husbands and new signing
Luke Rodgers for a first-team place.

Briscoe also found youth-team striker Danny Glover was edging ahead of him in
the pecking order.

Manager Martin Foyle has stressed he has had no problems with Briscoe's attitude
and is now hoping to help the youngster get fixed up at another club.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           The New Age (South Africa)

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday

Youth set to benefit from empowerment programme

BYLINE: PORTIA SEEMISE

LENGTH: 231 words


MORE young people will benefit from the R18.5m of the R22m set aside by the
North West government to support small businesses.

Premier Thandi Modise said they had granted loans to the value of R18.5m to 96
deserving youth enterprises.

The provincial government has set aside R22m to support emerging small medium
micro enterprises and granted loans to the value of R18516.86 to 96 deserving
youth enterprises.

"Young people will benefit as the administration will improve on the

R12.9m which benefited youth cooperatives and 12 emerging women cooperatives in
the financial year," Modise said.

She said the youth empowerment programme had created 263 permanent and 97
temporary jobs through the awarded loans.

"The government has the responsibility to promote youth participation in the
mainstream economy through preferential procurement, skills development and
internship programmes."

Modise said the province had trained and skilled 1390 young people in electrical
engineering, welding, tourism and hospitality, crop science and animal
production and mining programmes which included pottery, ceramic, glass and
brick manufacturing in addition to providing bursaries  for identified scarce
skills such as medicine, engineering and accountancy.

She said 2207 young people who participated in various learnerships would
graduate over the next two months.

portias@thenewage.co.za

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 TNA Media (Pty.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             June 7, 2012 Thursday

Rs 3bn interest-free loans for Punjab youth : Shahbaz

LENGTH: 312 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 7 -- Punjab Chief Minister (CM) Shahbaz Sharif has said that
interest-free loans of Rs 3 billion will be given to skilled but jobless youth
of Punjab on soft terms, which would enable them to stand on their own feet.

Announcing Punjab's Youth Policy 2012 on Wednesday, the CM said that 70,000
families would benefit from the scheme of interest-free loans to the jobless
youth.

He said that the Punjab government would provide modern laptops at a cost of Rs
12 billion to three lakh talented students.

"Special relaxation of three years will be given to young women in the age limit
for government jobs whereas 33 percent quota will also be reserved for them," he
said.

According to the Youth Policy, Fulbright scholarships would be given to 500
female students studying in universities across the province. An amount of Rs 2
billion would be allocated for providing loans to women on soft terms under
Women Development Programme.

As many as 50,000 male and female students would be given four-month internship
opportunities through public-private partnership every year. Each candidate will
be given a monthly stipend of Rs 10,000 and the government would allocate Rs 1
billion for this purpose.

Scholarships would be given to 25,000 students for higher education this year
under the Youth Policy.

A Sports Development Fund would also be established for which an amount of Rs 2
billion would be released. Youth hostels of high standards would be set up in
every district.

Assistance for technical education will also be provided to the skilled youth
under Punjab Youth Policy 2012 and preference will be given to the youth of
southern Punjab for scholarships in this regard.

A special helpline would also be established through which the students can
directly contact the CM for redressal of their grievances. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Times.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Today India

                              July 17, 2016 Sunday

Madhyapradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said Loans to be provided to
5 lakh youths in Madhyapradesh

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, July 17 -- On The occassion of state-level self employment convention in
Bhopal . Madhyapradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said that under
Chief Minister's Self Employment Scheme and Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana, loans
will be provided to 5 lakh youths in the madhyapradesh this year.

The Chief Minister urged youths to become employers and not job seekers. He said
that youths should fulfill their dreams and contribute to state and country's
success. They should work with passion and dedication. Government will remove
all hurdles in their way.

The Chief Minister said that loans upto Rs. one crore will be provided to 10,000
youths this year to set up industrial units under Mukhyamantri Yuva Udyami
Yojana and Central government's Start-Up Project. Amount of loan under
Mukhyamantri Arthik Kalyan Yojana will be increased from Rs. 20 thousand to Rs.
50 thousand. Limit of loan under Mukhyamantri Swarozgar Yojana will also be
increased from Rs. 50 thousand upto Rs. 10 lakh. Beneficiary Guarantee Card will
be issued under this scheme. Land diversion process will be simplified for
youths who set up industries on their own land. Minimum one small industry will
be established in every panchayat.

An MoU was signed between telexco.com and Laghu Udyog Nigam. telexco.com will
provide marketing e-platforms to products of Madhya Pradesh's young
entrepreneurs. The Chief Minister released Profile Book focusing on successful
young entrepreneurs. He inaugurated exhibition of successful young entrepreneurs
products and enquired young entrepreneurs about their products.

Lands will be identified for industries of young entrepreneurs in every
district.

The Chief Minister felicitated excellent performer districts and officers under
Mukhyamantri Swarozgar Yojana. Successful young entrepreneurs shared their
experiences. A documentary on Mukhyamantri Yuva Udyami Yojana was also screened.

Young entrepreneurs will be provided training and marketing facilities.
Unemployment will be removed by laying a network of small and cottage industries
throughout Madhyapradesh.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Today India. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Todayindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Pakistan: Loan to be granted on merit: Marvi

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: QUETTA


QUETTA, Dec. 16 -- The Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan
Programme (YBLP), MNA Marvi Memon has said that the loan under the PM's YBLP
would be granted to the youth purely on merit.

"There is no quota whatsoever for any one under the programme, which is
basically aimed at mitigating sufferings of downtrodden segments of the society
and empowering the youth of the country by providing them a respectable source
of livelihood and thus ending the unemployment", Marvi Memon said while talking
to media men here on Saturday.

She said that under the first stage of the programme, some 100,000 youth would
be given the loans during the current financial year. The youth from Balochistan
particularly the females should fully benefit from the loaning facility, which
would further create employment opportunities for thousands of other people as
the business of loan seekers would expand, she added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Pakistan: PM loan scheme for youth to enhance business activity: Raja Husnain

LENGTH: 215  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 11 -- Professional Chief of Small and Medium

Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA), Raja Husnain Javed has said

that Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme would help increase business
activity in the country.

He said that application forms to obtain loan through Prime

Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme can be had from the National

Bank of Pakistan, First Women Bank and SMEDA without any charges.

He said that women can also get the loan facility on easy term and

condition.

Talking to Pakistan Television channel, he said that the application

form is very easy to fill, adding that required plan for initiating

business should also be attached with this form.

He said that the forms can be submitted in any designated branch of NBP, First
Women Bank or SMEDA. To a question, he said that age limit for getting loan
facility is from 21 to 45.

Acting President Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), Mian

Tariq Misbah said that loan scheme would provide benefit to the youth

of the country as young students are coming with new ideas of projects

for starting business

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

Loan scheme for youth: WCCI seeks age relaxation for women

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 296

LENGTH: 184  words


Women Chamber of Commerce and Industry (WCCI) Peshawar and the Bank of Khyber on
Wednesday organised an awareness workshop regarding interestfree loan facility
for the youth in the province.

Head of BoK loan schemes, Afnan Sethi, while speaking during the training
session, informed that application process has been started for provision of
interestfree loans to male and female youth, to initiate businesses on
selfbasis. He further said the male and female, aged from 1830, can benefit from
the loan facility, with compulsion of having skilled training certificate. WCCI
Peshawar vice presidents Nisar Laghmani, and Iqbal Bano along with members of
the chamber were also present. Nasira Laghmani and Iqbal Bano demanded the
government to give agerelaxation for women in the loan under the scheme, in
order to maximum take benefit from the scheme. They said the WCCI Peshawar would
make request to authorities of the Bank of Khyber to also give concession to
those members of the chamber, who intend to get loan under the scheme. They also
demanded the making easiness in attainment of the loan for youth.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday

Kamuli project set to employ 3,000 youth

BYLINE: Didas Kisembo

LENGTH: 313  words


Mr Patrick Emukule, the programme unit manager in the district, said the
project, which currently supports more than 400 youth groups, has also fostered
the formation of more than 3,000 village savings and loan associations, 80 per
cent of whom are women.

Kamuli- Kamuli District Local Government has revealed plans to bolster the
productivity of its youth and tackle the unemployment problem in the district.
"Unemployment is a big problem and despite our interventions, it still continues
to grow. We have been encouraging the youth to go into agriculture through our
Youth Livelihoods Programme and though a lot has been done, it is still not
enough," said Mr Julius Wakibi, district vice chairperson in an interview with
Daily Monitor yesterday. "That is why we partnered with Plan International to
implement the 'A working Future' project which is intended to empower and
encourage youth to get involved in income generating activities, particularly
agriculture," Mr Wakibi added. Mr Patrick Emukule, the programme unit manager in
the district, said the project, which currently supports more than 400 youth
groups, has also fostered the formation of more than 3,000 village savings and
loan associations, 80 per cent of whom are women. "There is now positive change
of attitude and practices towards work and wealth among young people, more
start-up of self-employment, improved group cohesion; and improved sense of
self-worth, self-confidence, and aspiration for a better future," Mr Emukule
said. Mr Wakibi noted that the plan is to see that the programme extends
nationwide. Background According to statistics from the ministry of Gender,
about 400,000 youth are annually released into the job market to compete for
about 9,000 available jobs. World Bank 2012 statistics show that Uganda has the
youngest population in the world at 83 per cent. kdidas@ug.nationmedia.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2015 Nation Media Group
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            December 5, 2011 Monday

Youth envoys highlight loan-shark dangers

SECTION: SINGAPORE

LENGTH: 383 words


SOME 500 young people fanned out across Singapore yesterday in a bid to raise
awareness about loan-shark activities.

As part of the X Ah Long project, these youth ambassadors also approached their
peers to help them understand the dangers that come with associating with
unlicensed money lenders and participating in their activities.

The young are often exploited by loan sharks, who get them to harass debtors in
exchange for quick money, or to carry out illegal activities.

Speaking at the launch of the event in Commonwealth yesterday, Minister of State
for Home Affairs Masagos Zulkifli said police efforts alone were not enough and
that it was important for the entire community to be involved in fighting crime.

Addressing the youth ambassadors there, he said: 'Many of us can be easily
tempted to get involved in 'Ah Long' activities because the money is easy. But
mind you... if we ever catch you doing the wrong thing and crossing the line,
the authorities will come down hard on you.'

The youth ambassadors participating in the project were from the Delta League
2011, a police- community football league for young people, and the National
Police Cadet Corps. They were joined by the Singapore Lions national football
team.

Delta League player Mohammad Syafiq Kamarudin, 16, told of friends who had been
approached by loan sharks. But the Secondary4 student from Clementi Town
Secondary School said: 'Once you take that path, your life will be miserable.
Your future will be affected, your parents hurt.'

The youth ambassadors were part of several roadshows in heartland shopping
malls, food centres and markets. They distributed pamphlets and conducted
surveys to educate the public.

Some of them were partnered grassroots leaders to visit seven HDB blocks in
Holland Close, Commonwealth Crescent and Dover to speak to residents and give
out goodie bags containing essential items such as rice and canned food. These
blocks are largely occupied by low-income families - those most likely to be
affected by loan sharks.

The Commander of Clementi Police Division, Deputy Assistant Commissioner of
Police Melvin Yong, said the community had 'come together to fight back against
these loan sharks'.

'They are a menace to our society, and we have had enough,' he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A youth ambassador going door to door in Commonwealth Crescent as part
of the event. -- ST PHOTO: DESMOND LUI

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                     Lyon County News, Inc. (George, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 4, 2011

Farm Service Agency (FSA) Supports Youth in Agriculture... Now and In the Future

BYLINE: Lyon County News, Inc. staff

LENGTH: 509  words


For parents, teachers and students alike, July and August marks the end of
county fair season and start of another school year-new clothes, school
supplies, class registration and, for parents of rural youth involved in FFA and
4-H, add fair and livestock projects to the list of items required for the
upcoming school year.

As summer begins to come to an end, youth involved in agriculture eagerly
anticipate the onset of Iowa State Fair and all of its shows and events, this is
an opportunity for hard-working youth to exhibit an impressive array of
livestock, cooking, art, woodworking and ag mechanics projects-competing in
livestock judging, clothing design, public speaking and equestrian events.

Fair season is one in which months, weeks, days and hours of preparation
culminate in the fervor of excitement and anticipation as everyone has their eye
on the grand champion show ring or coveted blue ribbon.

Although certainly about healthy competition, fair and show season is also about
responsibility, planning, good sportsmanship and camaraderie.

As parents, teachers, 4-H leaders and FFA advisors, you've worked hard to
instill in young minds the importance of good business acumen-record keeping,
financial management, accountability, etc. FSA, through our youth loan program,
would like to add business planning and a good credit history to that already
impressive skill set.

In this day and age, one can not underestimate the value of good credit... FSA's
youth loan program is designed to provide up to $5000 in start-up funds to
establish, expand and operate income-producing projects of modest size to youth
between the ages of 10 and 20 who reside in a community with a population of
50,000 or fewer. As an added benefit, youth who successfully fulfill the terms
of their loan obligations also establish an excellent credit history-something
most people spend a lifetime trying to build and maintain.

The youth loan success stories are endless across the U.S. and right here in
Iowa. Young farmers and ranchers nationwide are utilizing the youth loan program
to expand projects, herds and operations to the extent that these endeavors
provide financial support for college tuition and economic security for future
entrepreneurial ventures.

You've done your part to teach the concepts of respect, responsibility and
resourcefulness ... let FSA add "creditworthy" and "financially independent" to
the list of qualities used to describe America's next generation of agricultural
leaders.

On behalf of the Iowa Farm Service Agency (FSA), I want to say, "Best of Luck,"
to all the exhibitors who will be participating at the Iowa State Fair in Des
Moines, August 11-21, as well as the fairs, livestock shows and contests that
follow throughout the year. Nothing does compare to the achievements of Iowa's
youth.

For more information about FSA's farm commodity and credit programs, contact
your local USDA Service Center or visit us online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

Respectfully submitted,

John R. Whitaker

State Executive Director-Iowa

USDA Farm Service Agency

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYY

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 Lyon County News, Inc.


                              943 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Pakistan: How can those who can't manage a province run the country, asks PM

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 6 -- Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday said that this was
the time to take practical steps to resolve the problems of the people and not
to stage sit-ins, adding how could those who could not manage the affairs of one
province, run the country.He said those who couldn't get votes in the 2013
elections should wait for the 2018 general elections instead of hatching
conspiracies.

Addressing the second computer balloting for the grant of loans under the Prime
Minister's Youth Business Loans at the Convention Centre here, the prime
minister said that in the first phase 38,000 applications for loans were
received under the PM Youth Business Loan Scheme including 31,000 men and 7,000
women. "Of them, 6,000 were selected for grant of loans through computer ballot
in the first draw and 6,000 more are being selected through the second draw," he
added.He expressed the confidence that youth borrowing loans for businesses
would prove to be a harbinger of a social and economic revolution in the
country.

He said the government had launched a number of development projects and was
completing them in record time. He said that $35 billion would be invested in
the power, road and railway sectors during the next ten years.

He said 21,000MW of electricity would be added to the national grid in eight to
10 years."I see great potential in the youth of Pakistan who can bring about an
economic revolution and development in the country through their energy and
dynamism", he added. He said that the middle and lower-middle classes had
contributed to the development of nations like Germany and Japan, and therefore,
he had great expectations from the youth of these classes in Pakistan.

He further said that the Business Loan Scheme would enable thousands of
Pakistani youths to gain financial independence and also prove to be a source of
major economic activity. "The scheme is totally transparent and based on merit,
and I'm emphasising the role of women in the development of Pakistan," he added.
He said that his government was providing equal opportunities to women in all
sectors and therefore all the schemes of the Prime Minister's Youth Program
contained a 50 percent quota for females.

He directed the governor State Bank to engage other Pakistani private banks to
participate in these schemes. "Previously, banks only entertained the affluent
class as the poor were not even allowed to enter the banks. But our government
provided opportunities to the marginalised population for gaining economic
independence," he maintained.

"The money accumulated in the treasury belongs to the people of Pakistan and
they have every right to utilise it for their benefit. It is our obligation to
provide services and initiate welfare projects", he noted.

The premier also appreciated the efforts put in by Finance Minister Ishaq Dar
for presenting a development-oriented and pro-poor budget for 2014-15. As he
elaborated the salient features of the budget, he said that they expected to
control inflation, and attract significant investment and launch development
projects. He said that by the grace of the Almighty and the hard work of the
team, the government had been able to achieve 16.4 percent revenues against a
target of 21 percent which is almost a 90 percent success.

He informed that the livestock insurance scheme had been included in the budget
for 2014-15 that would provide security to small-scale and poor farmers in
protection of investment.The premier emphasised that the government's top
priority was to get rid of the power loadshedding and for this purpose, 21,000MW
of power projects for the next eight to 10 years had been planned.

He stated that unfortunately, previous governments did not pay attention to the
energy crisis and the machinery for the Nandipur power project was abandoned,
rusting at the Karachi port while people were suffering long hours of
loadshedding. "Our government, in a short period of only eight months
reactivated and completed this project which shows our commitment to solve the
energy crisis," he remarked.

He further said that the multi-purpose mega project of Diamer-Bhasha Dam with a
cost of $12 billion and with a capacity of 4,500MW was being undertaken which
would not only generate electricity but also help in managing our water
resources that were being wasted.

He also referred to the $35 billion Pak-China Economic Corridor that would
change the fate of the country. He further said that work on the Karachi-Lahore
Motorway would be initiated soon as Rs55 billion had been allocated for land
acquisition to be completed in three months.

The prime minister said that they should not indulge in the politics of
leg-pulling and unnecessary criticism. The people of Pakistan have shown their
confidence in us in the last elections and it was they who would again decide in
the 2018 elections based on our performance.

Later, he performed the 2nd computerised balloting of the Youth Business Loan
Scheme in which 5,169 loans were awarded to the applicants whose applications
were approved by the National Bank. It may be noted here that a 50 percent quota
was reserved for women with a quota for martyrs and special persons.

He also distributed cheques to some of the successful candidates of the first
balloting. He also directed the president of the National Bank to forward all
the cheques by June 15, 2014.Speaking on the occasion, Minister for Finance
Ishaq Dar said the present government was focusing on the welfare of the
downtrodden sections of society and the launch of six youth-related schemes were
part of that strategy of the PML-N government

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

Youths laud PM youth business loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 339

LENGTH: 209  words


The PML-N has fulfilled its promise with the youth during its election campaign
to provide loans to them to start their own business, said people who wanted to
receive forms. The prime minister's youth business loan scheme will not only
help check unemployment but also generate economic activities and improve
national economy, they added.  Long queues of youths were seen on the second day
of the launch of the scheme to get forms from designated branches of National
Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women Bank Limited (FWBL) in the city.

Hammad Ahmed, MA economics, standing in a queue at NBP Queen's Road branch, told
this scribe the scheme would have a far-reaching effect to reduce unemployment,
adding the PML-N government had always fulfilled its promises to make the
country prosperous and strong.

Another loan seeker, Miss Hina, who recently did B.Com and was standing in a
queue at NBP, Jail Road, lauded the vision of Nawaz Sharif for launching a
project to facilitate the youth to start their business and contribute to the
development of the country. "It is now up to youths to come to the expectations
of the present government to play their role in national progress as the present
government believes in the welfare of all people," she added.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

UNISAME advises youth to avail loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 360

LENGTH: 465  words


The Union of Small and Medium Enterprises (UNISAME) advised the youth to avail
the loan and benefit from the scheme and urged them to study the feasibility and
prepare a proper and sound business plan whilst applying for loan under the
prime minister youth loan scheme (PM-YLS).

President UNISAME Zulfikar Thaver recording a show on a local television channel
informed the viewers that the PM and the chairperson Mariam Nawaz were both very
keen to promote self employment. On success of this scheme other schemes will be
initiated such as housing and farming.

This is in fact a pet project of the chairperson Mariam Nawaz who is very
enthusiastic about its full success. He pointed out that the Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) had placed 56 feasibility studies,
business plan guidelines, financial calculator and help desk services for the
benefit of the youth applicants. The application form can also be downloaded
from their website.

He dispelled doubts about the complexity of the PM-YLS and said it is very
simple and the applicants are required to submit one passport sized photograph,
copy of national identity card (CNIC), borrowers fact sheet, guarantors
information and the prefeasibility or the business plan.

He urged the applicants to ensure that the business plan is sound and that the
applicants are clear in their minds about the nature of business planned. It is
important that they have aptitude for the planned business.

Answering criticism he emphasized the need to trust the youth and build their
confidence by guiding them in entrepreneurship. The loan is available at 8% mark
up and cannot be labelled as interest because it is a subsidy with repayment
under instalments over a period of 8 years with one year grace period. The
equity is only 10%. All these facilities are to be appreciated and not
criticized unnecessarily he asserted.

He expressed confidence that there will be many success stories of youth who
will start business and grow their businesses.

Replying to the failure of yellow taxi scheme, he said it was launched with good
faith and nevertheless the problem of taxi availability was solved.

It was to be followed by the yellow tractor scheme which would have benefited
the farmers but unfortunately the facility of yellow taxi loan was abused by
some causing it to fail.

He said the government is not obliging the youth in any way by the PM YLS it is
their right and duty of the state to promote, encourage and facilitate them and
in fact the PM and the chairperson PM YLS are looking forward to come up with
more such projects.

UNISAME has offered co-operation and full support and invited the multinationals
and big corporations to support such schemes through their corporate social
responsibility (CSR) funds jointly with SMEDA.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

UNISAME advises youth to avail loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 360

LENGTH: 465  words


The Union of Small and Medium Enterprises (UNISAME) advised the youth to avail
the loan and benefit from the scheme and urged them to study the feasibility and
prepare a proper and sound business plan whilst applying for loan under the
prime minister youth loan scheme (PM-YLS).

President UNISAME Zulfikar Thaver recording a show on a local television channel
informed the viewers that the PM and the chairperson Mariam Nawaz were both very
keen to promote self employment. On success of this scheme other schemes will be
initiated such as housing and farming.

This is in fact a pet project of the chairperson Mariam Nawaz who is very
enthusiastic about its full success. He pointed out that the Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) had placed 56 feasibility studies,
business plan guidelines, financial calculator and help desk services for the
benefit of the youth applicants. The application form can also be downloaded
from their website.

He dispelled doubts about the complexity of the PM-YLS and said it is very
simple and the applicants are required to submit one passport sized photograph,
copy of national identity card (CNIC), borrowers fact sheet, guarantors
information and the prefeasibility or the business plan.

He urged the applicants to ensure that the business plan is sound and that the
applicants are clear in their minds about the nature of business planned. It is
important that they have aptitude for the planned business.

Answering criticism he emphasized the need to trust the youth and build their
confidence by guiding them in entrepreneurship. The loan is available at 8% mark
up and cannot be labelled as interest because it is a subsidy with repayment
under instalments over a period of 8 years with one year grace period. The
equity is only 10%. All these facilities are to be appreciated and not
criticized unnecessarily he asserted.

He expressed confidence that there will be many success stories of youth who
will start business and grow their businesses.

Replying to the failure of yellow taxi scheme, he said it was launched with good
faith and nevertheless the problem of taxi availability was solved.

It was to be followed by the yellow tractor scheme which would have benefited
the farmers but unfortunately the facility of yellow taxi loan was abused by
some causing it to fail.

He said the government is not obliging the youth in any way by the PM YLS it is
their right and duty of the state to promote, encourage and facilitate them and
in fact the PM and the chairperson PM YLS are looking forward to come up with
more such projects.

UNISAME has offered co-operation and full support and invited the multinationals
and big corporations to support such schemes through their corporate social
responsibility (CSR) funds jointly with SMEDA.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

UNISAME advises youth to avail loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 360

LENGTH: 465  words


The Union of Small and Medium Enterprises (UNISAME) advised the youth to avail
the loan and benefit from the scheme and urged them to study the feasibility and
prepare a proper and sound business plan whilst applying for loan under the
prime minister youth loan scheme (PM-YLS).

President UNISAME Zulfikar Thaver recording a show on a local television channel
informed the viewers that the PM and the chairperson Mariam Nawaz were both very
keen to promote self employment. On success of this scheme other schemes will be
initiated such as housing and farming.

This is in fact a pet project of the chairperson Mariam Nawaz who is very
enthusiastic about its full success. He pointed out that the Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) had placed 56 feasibility studies,
business plan guidelines, financial calculator and help desk services for the
benefit of the youth applicants. The application form can also be downloaded
from their website.

He dispelled doubts about the complexity of the PM-YLS and said it is very
simple and the applicants are required to submit one passport sized photograph,
copy of national identity card (CNIC), borrowers fact sheet, guarantors
information and the prefeasibility or the business plan.

He urged the applicants to ensure that the business plan is sound and that the
applicants are clear in their minds about the nature of business planned. It is
important that they have aptitude for the planned business.

Answering criticism he emphasized the need to trust the youth and build their
confidence by guiding them in entrepreneurship. The loan is available at 8% mark
up and cannot be labelled as interest because it is a subsidy with repayment
under instalments over a period of 8 years with one year grace period. The
equity is only 10%. All these facilities are to be appreciated and not
criticized unnecessarily he asserted.

He expressed confidence that there will be many success stories of youth who
will start business and grow their businesses.

Replying to the failure of yellow taxi scheme, he said it was launched with good
faith and nevertheless the problem of taxi availability was solved.

It was to be followed by the yellow tractor scheme which would have benefited
the farmers but unfortunately the facility of yellow taxi loan was abused by
some causing it to fail.

He said the government is not obliging the youth in any way by the PM YLS it is
their right and duty of the state to promote, encourage and facilitate them and
in fact the PM and the chairperson PM YLS are looking forward to come up with
more such projects.

UNISAME has offered co-operation and full support and invited the multinationals
and big corporations to support such schemes through their corporate social
responsibility (CSR) funds jointly with SMEDA.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

UNISAME advises youth to avail loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. V No. 359

LENGTH: 465  words


The Union of Small and Medium Enterprises (UNISAME) advised the youth to avail
the loan and benefit from the scheme and urged them to study the feasibility and
prepare a proper and sound business plan whilst applying for loan under the
prime minister youth loan scheme (PM-YLS).

President UNISAME Zulfikar Thaver recording a show on a local television channel
informed the viewers that the PM and the chairperson Mariam Nawaz were both very
keen to promote self employment. On success of this scheme other schemes will be
initiated such as housing and farming.

This is in fact a pet project of the chairperson Mariam Nawaz who is very
enthusiastic about its full success. He pointed out that the Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) had placed 56 feasibility studies,
business plan guidelines, financial calculator and help desk services for the
benefit of the youth applicants. The application form can also be downloaded
from their website.

He dispelled doubts about the complexity of the PM-YLS and said it is very
simple and the applicants are required to submit one passport sized photograph,
copy of national identity card (CNIC), borrowers fact sheet, guarantors
information and the prefeasibility or the business plan.

He urged the applicants to ensure that the business plan is sound and that the
applicants are clear in their minds about the nature of business planned. It is
important that they have aptitude for the planned business.

Answering criticism he emphasized the need to trust the youth and build their
confidence by guiding them in entrepreneurship. The loan is available at 8% mark
up and cannot be labelled as interest because it is a subsidy with repayment
under instalments over a period of 8 years with one year grace period. The
equity is only 10%. All these facilities are to be appreciated and not
criticized unnecessarily he asserted.

He expressed confidence that there will be many success stories of youth who
will start business and grow their businesses.

Replying to the failure of yellow taxi scheme, he said it was launched with good
faith and nevertheless the problem of taxi availability was solved.

It was to be followed by the yellow tractor scheme which would have benefited
the farmers but unfortunately the facility of yellow taxi loan was abused by
some causing it to fail.

He said the government is not obliging the youth in any way by the PM YLS it is
their right and duty of the state to promote, encourage and facilitate them and
in fact the PM and the chairperson PM YLS are looking forward to come up with
more such projects.

UNISAME has offered co-operation and full support and invited the multinationals
and big corporations to support such schemes through their corporate social
responsibility (CSR) funds jointly with SMEDA.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

UNISAME advises youth to avail loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. V No. 359

LENGTH: 465  words


The Union of Small and Medium Enterprises (UNISAME) advised the youth to avail
the loan and benefit from the scheme and urged them to study the feasibility and
prepare a proper and sound business plan whilst applying for loan under the
prime minister youth loan scheme (PM-YLS).

President UNISAME Zulfikar Thaver recording a show on a local television channel
informed the viewers that the PM and the chairperson Mariam Nawaz were both very
keen to promote self employment. On success of this scheme other schemes will be
initiated such as housing and farming.

This is in fact a pet project of the chairperson Mariam Nawaz who is very
enthusiastic about its full success. He pointed out that the Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) had placed 56 feasibility studies,
business plan guidelines, financial calculator and help desk services for the
benefit of the youth applicants. The application form can also be downloaded
from their website.

He dispelled doubts about the complexity of the PM-YLS and said it is very
simple and the applicants are required to submit one passport sized photograph,
copy of national identity card (CNIC), borrowers fact sheet, guarantors
information and the prefeasibility or the business plan.

He urged the applicants to ensure that the business plan is sound and that the
applicants are clear in their minds about the nature of business planned. It is
important that they have aptitude for the planned business.

Answering criticism he emphasized the need to trust the youth and build their
confidence by guiding them in entrepreneurship. The loan is available at 8% mark
up and cannot be labelled as interest because it is a subsidy with repayment
under instalments over a period of 8 years with one year grace period. The
equity is only 10%. All these facilities are to be appreciated and not
criticized unnecessarily he asserted.

He expressed confidence that there will be many success stories of youth who
will start business and grow their businesses.

Replying to the failure of yellow taxi scheme, he said it was launched with good
faith and nevertheless the problem of taxi availability was solved.

It was to be followed by the yellow tractor scheme which would have benefited
the farmers but unfortunately the facility of yellow taxi loan was abused by
some causing it to fail.

He said the government is not obliging the youth in any way by the PM YLS it is
their right and duty of the state to promote, encourage and facilitate them and
in fact the PM and the chairperson PM YLS are looking forward to come up with
more such projects.

UNISAME has offered co-operation and full support and invited the multinationals
and big corporations to support such schemes through their corporate social
responsibility (CSR) funds jointly with SMEDA.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

UNISAME advises youth to avail loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. V No. 359

LENGTH: 465  words


The Union of Small and Medium Enterprises (UNISAME) advised the youth to avail
the loan and benefit from the scheme and urged them to study the feasibility and
prepare a proper and sound business plan whilst applying for loan under the
prime minister youth loan scheme (PM-YLS).

President UNISAME Zulfikar Thaver recording a show on a local television channel
informed the viewers that the PM and the chairperson Mariam Nawaz were both very
keen to promote self employment. On success of this scheme other schemes will be
initiated such as housing and farming.

This is in fact a pet project of the chairperson Mariam Nawaz who is very
enthusiastic about its full success. He pointed out that the Small and Medium
Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) had placed 56 feasibility studies,
business plan guidelines, financial calculator and help desk services for the
benefit of the youth applicants. The application form can also be downloaded
from their website.

He dispelled doubts about the complexity of the PM-YLS and said it is very
simple and the applicants are required to submit one passport sized photograph,
copy of national identity card (CNIC), borrowers fact sheet, guarantors
information and the prefeasibility or the business plan.

He urged the applicants to ensure that the business plan is sound and that the
applicants are clear in their minds about the nature of business planned. It is
important that they have aptitude for the planned business.

Answering criticism he emphasized the need to trust the youth and build their
confidence by guiding them in entrepreneurship. The loan is available at 8% mark
up and cannot be labelled as interest because it is a subsidy with repayment
under instalments over a period of 8 years with one year grace period. The
equity is only 10%. All these facilities are to be appreciated and not
criticized unnecessarily he asserted.

He expressed confidence that there will be many success stories of youth who
will start business and grow their businesses.

Replying to the failure of yellow taxi scheme, he said it was launched with good
faith and nevertheless the problem of taxi availability was solved.

It was to be followed by the yellow tractor scheme which would have benefited
the farmers but unfortunately the facility of yellow taxi loan was abused by
some causing it to fail.

He said the government is not obliging the youth in any way by the PM YLS it is
their right and duty of the state to promote, encourage and facilitate them and
in fact the PM and the chairperson PM YLS are looking forward to come up with
more such projects.

UNISAME has offered co-operation and full support and invited the multinationals
and big corporations to support such schemes through their corporate social
responsibility (CSR) funds jointly with SMEDA.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                 July 30, 2014

Solwezi Lecturer Nabbed Over Loan

BYLINE: Kaiko Namusa

LENGTH: 379 words


A LECTURER at Solwezi Teachers Training College has been arrested for falsely
obtaining a loan of K49,000 under the Ministry of Youth and Sports' Youth
Development Fund (YDF).

Godfrey Nshibani, 51, was arrested by the Drug-Enforcement Commission (DEC)
Anti-money Laundering Investigations Unit for obtaining credit by false
pretences.

Nshibani was alleged to have committed the offence between January and December
2012, while acting with other unknown people.

DEC public relations officer, Theresa Katongo said in a statement in Lusaka
yesterday that Mr Nshibani applied for the YDF using his company called Noricah
Enterprises and got the loan amounting K49,969.83.

Nshibani claimed that Noricah Enterprises belonged to three named youths but it
was discovered that he was controlling the company and was a sole signatory to
its account.

"Nshibani, residing at the same college, jointly and whilst acting together with
other persons unknown, did obtain credit by false pretences when he applied for
a loan from the Ministry of Youth and Sports under the Youth Development Fund
using his company called Noricah Enterprises.

"Later, a loan amounting to K49,969.83 was approved and awarded to his company
which he claimed belonged to three named youths when in fact not. Godfrey
Kalamba Nshimbani was controlling the company and was a sole signatory to the
account of Noricah Enterprises," Ms Katongo said.

The suspect is currently on police bond and will appear in court soon.

The Commission also arrested Daniel Kalinda, 49, a business person of flat
number M62/11, Kafue Estates, for forgery, uttering of false documents,
impersonation and attempted theft.

Ms Katongo said Mr Kalinda between November 10, 2012 and January 2014, while
acting with unknown people, forged a national registration card for a bank
customer at a named International bank and applied for a Visa card which was
eventually processed.

"However, on the date of collection, a bank official observed some differences
in the particulars presented and during the process of verifying the details
with the mandate file, the suspect ran away. He was later apprehended on another
day after committing a similar offence at another branch.

The suspect is still in custody and will appear in court soon," Ms Katongo said.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

State Bank cuts markup rate on youth loans to six percent

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 205

LENGTH: 281  words


The State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) on Thursday announced to reduce the markup rate
for the borrowers of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans (PMYBL) Scheme from
eight percent to six percent, a circular issued by the bank said.

The cut in markup rate will come into effect from July 2015.

"The government will continue to pay the difference of the cost at KIBOR+500
basis points (bps) to all executing agencies," the SBP said.

Federal Finance Minister Ishaq Dar during his Budget speech had announced that
the markup rate for the borrowers would be slashed by 200bps to six percent from
July 1.

However, the formal intimation of this rate cut from the Ministry of Finance was
awaited for implementation.

Analysts said that despite the finance minister's announcement, the central bank
has reduced the pricing cost in the wake of low interest rates.

The central bank cuts the policy rate by 50bps to six percent in its monetary
policy review meeting held last week.

Small business loans will be provided in the shape of term-loan focused on (but
will not restricted to) unemployed youth, especially educated youth looking for
establishing or extending business enterprise.

The government and the State Bank of Pakistan launched PMYBL in 2013 to create
multiple job opportunities by encouraging the entrepreneurial abilities among
the youth.

Under this scheme, loans of up to Rs2,000,000 are being provided through the
banking system.

At present, the National Bank of Pakistan (NBP), First Women Bank Limited and
Meezan Bank are disbursing loans under this scheme.

With having major exposure in this scheme, the NBP has extended over Rs5.2
billion worth of loans to 6,100 successful applicants so far.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

Loan to be granted on merit: Marvi

LENGTH: 149  words

DATELINE: QUETTA


The Chief Coordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Programme (YBLP),
MNA Marvi Memon has said that the loan under the PM's YBLP would be granted to
the youth purely on merit.

"There is no quota whatsoever for any one under the programme, which is
basically aimed at mitigating sufferings of downtrodden segments of the society
and empowering the youth of the country by providing them a respectable source
of livelihood and thus ending the unemployment", Marvi Memon said while talking
to media men here on Saturday.

She said that under the first stage of the programme, some 100,000 youth would
be given the loans during the current financial year. The youth from Balochistan
particularly the females should fully benefit from the loaning facility, which
would further create employment opportunities for thousands of other people as
the business of loan seekers would expand, she added.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

PML(N) Youth Wing calls for abolition of guarantor condition in youth loans

LENGTH: 234  words


The Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) Youth Wing Sindh Chapter has sought to
abolition of the condition of a guarantor for loan upto Rs 500000 in the schemes
recently announced by the Prime Minister for the Youth. This was stated by
Senior Vice President PML-N Youth Wing Sindh, Ghulam Sarwar Tunio while talking
to reporter here on Monday, prior to the media-talk by PML(N) MNA, Ms Marvi
Memon.

"In this regard, the members of Youth Wing Sindh Chapter would be consulted and
the proposal would be moved to the leadership at Islamabad for approval and such
a step would ensure maximum representation of targeted disadvantaged section of
society," he said.

He said that if the proposal was approved, then any one applying for loan upto
Rs 500000 would be eligible in that scheme on simple NICC rather than seeking a
guarantor.

Besides this, the PML-N Youth Wing Sindh Chapter would set up complaints cell at
district, division and province level to address the grievances of the common
man applying for loan, he said.

Aside from this, if any one feels or faces any problem while filling or
processing his or her form, he or she can contact our complaints cells, Sarwar
Tunio said adding if there is any complaint against a bank or its staff, he or
she also can contact us in this regard. We are here to facilitate maximum number
of common man and a disadvantaged section of society, Ghulam Sarwar Tunio said.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

PML(N) Youth Wing calls for abolition of guarantor condition in youth loans

LENGTH: 234  words


The Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) Youth Wing Sindh Chapter has sought to
abolition of the condition of a guarantor for loan upto Rs 500000 in the schemes
recently announced by the Prime Minister for the Youth. This was stated by
Senior Vice President PML-N Youth Wing Sindh, Ghulam Sarwar Tunio while talking
to reporter here on Monday, prior to the media-talk by PML(N) MNA, Ms Marvi
Memon.

"In this regard, the members of Youth Wing Sindh Chapter would be consulted and
the proposal would be moved to the leadership at Islamabad for approval and such
a step would ensure maximum representation of targeted disadvantaged section of
society," he said.

He said that if the proposal was approved, then any one applying for loan upto
Rs 500000 would be eligible in that scheme on simple NICC rather than seeking a
guarantor.

Besides this, the PML-N Youth Wing Sindh Chapter would set up complaints cell at
district, division and province level to address the grievances of the common
man applying for loan, he said.

Aside from this, if any one feels or faces any problem while filling or
processing his or her form, he or she can contact our complaints cells, Sarwar
Tunio said adding if there is any complaint against a bank or its staff, he or
she also can contact us in this regard. We are here to facilitate maximum number
of common man and a disadvantaged section of society, Ghulam Sarwar Tunio said.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

PML(N) Youth Wing calls for abolition of guarantor condition in youth loans

LENGTH: 234  words


The Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) Youth Wing Sindh Chapter has sought to
abolition of the condition of a guarantor for loan upto Rs 500000 in the schemes
recently announced by the Prime Minister for the Youth. This was stated by
Senior Vice President PML-N Youth Wing Sindh, Ghulam Sarwar Tunio while talking
to reporter here on Monday, prior to the media-talk by PML(N) MNA, Ms Marvi
Memon.

"In this regard, the members of Youth Wing Sindh Chapter would be consulted and
the proposal would be moved to the leadership at Islamabad for approval and such
a step would ensure maximum representation of targeted disadvantaged section of
society," he said.

He said that if the proposal was approved, then any one applying for loan upto
Rs 500000 would be eligible in that scheme on simple NICC rather than seeking a
guarantor.

Besides this, the PML-N Youth Wing Sindh Chapter would set up complaints cell at
district, division and province level to address the grievances of the common
man applying for loan, he said.

Aside from this, if any one feels or faces any problem while filling or
processing his or her form, he or she can contact our complaints cells, Sarwar
Tunio said adding if there is any complaint against a bank or its staff, he or
she also can contact us in this regard. We are here to facilitate maximum number
of common man and a disadvantaged section of society, Ghulam Sarwar Tunio said.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

PML(N) Youth Wing calls for abolition of guarantor condition in youth loans

LENGTH: 234  words


The Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) Youth Wing Sindh Chapter has sought to
abolition of the condition of a guarantor for loan upto Rs 500000 in the schemes
recently announced by the Prime Minister for the Youth. This was stated by
Senior Vice President PML-N Youth Wing Sindh, Ghulam Sarwar Tunio while talking
to reporter here on Monday, prior to the media-talk by PML(N) MNA, Ms Marvi
Memon.

"In this regard, the members of Youth Wing Sindh Chapter would be consulted and
the proposal would be moved to the leadership at Islamabad for approval and such
a step would ensure maximum representation of targeted disadvantaged section of
society," he said.

He said that if the proposal was approved, then any one applying for loan upto
Rs 500000 would be eligible in that scheme on simple NICC rather than seeking a
guarantor.

Besides this, the PML-N Youth Wing Sindh Chapter would set up complaints cell at
district, division and province level to address the grievances of the common
man applying for loan, he said.

Aside from this, if any one feels or faces any problem while filling or
processing his or her form, he or she can contact our complaints cells, Sarwar
Tunio said adding if there is any complaint against a bank or its staff, he or
she also can contact us in this regard. We are here to facilitate maximum number
of common man and a disadvantaged section of society, Ghulam Sarwar Tunio said.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Govt striving hard to empower youth socially, economically: Leila

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme Leila Khan on Wednesday said
government is striving hard to empower youth socially and economically through
multiple interventions under the aegis of this programme. She was addressing the
participants of a function organized jointly by Young Parliamentarians Forum
(YPF) and UNDP Pakistan at Pakistan Institute of Parliamentary Services (PIPS)
in order to mark the International Youth Day, said a press release. Leila Khan
added, "Prime Minister's Youth Programme is a flagship programme of the PML-N
government for socio-economic development of Pakistan.

With a budget outlay of Rs. 20 Billion, around 300,000 people are benefitting
from its different schemes annually". She explained, "Over Rs. 5 Billion has
been distributed as business loans among more than 6500 young entrepreneurs
under Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme. Under Prime Minister's Youth
Training Programme, to be launched very soon, government will extend 50,000
internships per year for 3 Years to Masters' degree (16 year education) and
Associate Diploma holders with 25 years of age. Rs 12000 stipend will be paid
per month per internee for the one-year internship period". Chairperson
emphasized,"25,000 students have passed out as skilled workers in more than 100
demand-driven trades under Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Programme.
Madaris students along with disabled youth are also catered to in this
programme, so that they could live their life honorably by socially and
economically empowering themselves. Besides getting free vocational and
technical training, trainees are being paid monthly stipend of Rs.2,500 per
student. However, FATA students are being paid Rs. 3500 per month per student.
Under Interest Free Loan Scheme, more than Rs 1.3 Billion has been distributed
as 65000 small interest free loans among poorest of the poor people of 265 Union
Councils of 36 districts across the country". Leila Khan continued," Under Prime
Minister's Youth Laptop Scheme, around 100,000 laptops have been distributed
among all PhD, Mphil/MS and merit based Masters' & Bachelors' students
registered in HEC approved educational institutions across Pakistan. A
worth-mentioning fact is that under this programme, first time in the history of
Pakistan, a Local Assembly Unit has been installed. 1000 laptops have been
assembled locally in the first year. In the next four years, government is
planning to not only enhance the technical capacity of this unit, but to move
towards parts manufacturing and technology transfer. It will create lot of job
opportunities for the educated youth. Under Prime Minister's Fee Re-imbursement
Scheme, fee of almost 100,000 students of 78 universities (including
sub-campuses) and more than 40 colleges has been reimbursed so far". All these
initiatives induce a spirit of hope, confidence and encouragement among youth,
which is the real driving rather thriving force for any society to develop both
socially and economically.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            January 19, 2014 Sunday

Prime Minister youth business loans extended to Fata: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. XXXVIII No. 18

LENGTH: 112  words


Chief Co-ordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon on
Saturday says the loan scheme has been extended to FATA for the economic uplift
and welfare of the area. Chief Co-ordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business
Loans paid a visit to NBPÂ, JamrudÂ, Khyber Agency. She made the remarks while
talking to the officials of National Bank of Pakistan and Tribal elders during
her visit to Khyber Agency on Saturday.

Marvi Memon said the Prime Minister desires that the FATA youth will also take
full advantage of the loan scheme. She said the people of FATA are protectors of
Pakistan and all out efforts will be made to address the problems faced by them.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            January 19, 2014 Sunday

Prime Minister youth business loans extended to Fata: Marvi

SECTION: Vol. XXXVIII No. 18

LENGTH: 112  words


Chief Co-ordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business Loans Marvi Memon on
Saturday says the loan scheme has been extended to FATA for the economic uplift
and welfare of the area. Chief Co-ordinator of Prime Minister's Youth Business
Loans paid a visit to NBPÂ, JamrudÂ, Khyber Agency. She made the remarks while
talking to the officials of National Bank of Pakistan and Tribal elders during
her visit to Khyber Agency on Saturday.

Marvi Memon said the Prime Minister desires that the FATA youth will also take
full advantage of the loan scheme. She said the people of FATA are protectors of
Pakistan and all out efforts will be made to address the problems faced by them.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           December 28, 2013 Saturday

PM's Youth Loan Scheme gaining popularity among youth

SECTION: Vol. V No. 356

LENGTH: 380  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, Saturday, said that the youth of Pakistan
were showing great interest in the Business Loan Scheme as was evident from
millions of downloads of pre-feasibilities studies and forms available on SMEDA
website.

He said this while chairing a meeting to review the Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme at National Bank of Pakistan's Headquarter in Karachi. The
meeting was also attended by Governor Sind Dr. Eshrat-ul-Ebad Khan, Federal
Information Minister Senator Parvez Rashid, Minister Defence Khawaja Muhammad
Asif, Minister Interior Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and President National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP).

The Prime Minister was given detailed briefing on the scheme with special
emphasis on the receipt of applications and their scrutiny. PM directed that the
implementation of the scheme rules should be in a manner that it facilitates the
applicants. He directed the President NBP to personally supervise the scheme.

The issue of the guarantors also came under discussion during the meeting. PM
was told that in order to facilitate the applicants, three categories of
guarantors have been identified: firstly a Grade-15 or above Government Officer,
secondly any civilian person having an amount of net worth of 1.5 times the
amount of loan applied for and thirdly if a person has a running business and
wants to expand it, he can be his own guarantor if he has net worth of 1.5 times
the loan amount in National Bank or any other bank from where the loan is
disbursed.

Prime Minister said that service delivery by the banks should be to facilitate
the applicants and directed that the service delivery mechanism should be
improved based upon the valuable suggestions / feedback received for the public.
The standard of services towards these applicants should be the same as given to
the commercial borrowers. He advised the bank officers working on the loan
scheme to consider it as service to the nation.

PM emphasized upon merit and transparency in the scheme so that only the
deserving and genuine could get the loan. Prime Minister said that the
Government wants to provide various opportunities to the youth including skilled
education, trainings, employment and scholarships so that they could contribute
positively in all fields.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           December 28, 2013 Saturday

PM's Youth Loan Scheme gaining popularity among youth

SECTION: Vol. V No. 356

LENGTH: 380  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, Saturday, said that the youth of Pakistan
were showing great interest in the Business Loan Scheme as was evident from
millions of downloads of pre-feasibilities studies and forms available on SMEDA
website.

He said this while chairing a meeting to review the Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme at National Bank of Pakistan's Headquarter in Karachi. The
meeting was also attended by Governor Sind Dr. Eshrat-ul-Ebad Khan, Federal
Information Minister Senator Parvez Rashid, Minister Defence Khawaja Muhammad
Asif, Minister Interior Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and President National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP).

The Prime Minister was given detailed briefing on the scheme with special
emphasis on the receipt of applications and their scrutiny. PM directed that the
implementation of the scheme rules should be in a manner that it facilitates the
applicants. He directed the President NBP to personally supervise the scheme.

The issue of the guarantors also came under discussion during the meeting. PM
was told that in order to facilitate the applicants, three categories of
guarantors have been identified: firstly a Grade-15 or above Government Officer,
secondly any civilian person having an amount of net worth of 1.5 times the
amount of loan applied for and thirdly if a person has a running business and
wants to expand it, he can be his own guarantor if he has net worth of 1.5 times
the loan amount in National Bank or any other bank from where the loan is
disbursed.

Prime Minister said that service delivery by the banks should be to facilitate
the applicants and directed that the service delivery mechanism should be
improved based upon the valuable suggestions / feedback received for the public.
The standard of services towards these applicants should be the same as given to
the commercial borrowers. He advised the bank officers working on the loan
scheme to consider it as service to the nation.

PM emphasized upon merit and transparency in the scheme so that only the
deserving and genuine could get the loan. Prime Minister said that the
Government wants to provide various opportunities to the youth including skilled
education, trainings, employment and scholarships so that they could contribute
positively in all fields.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           December 28, 2013 Saturday

PM's Youth Loan Scheme gaining popularity among youth

SECTION: Vol. V No. 356

LENGTH: 380  words


Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, Saturday, said that the youth of Pakistan
were showing great interest in the Business Loan Scheme as was evident from
millions of downloads of pre-feasibilities studies and forms available on SMEDA
website.

He said this while chairing a meeting to review the Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme at National Bank of Pakistan's Headquarter in Karachi. The
meeting was also attended by Governor Sind Dr. Eshrat-ul-Ebad Khan, Federal
Information Minister Senator Parvez Rashid, Minister Defence Khawaja Muhammad
Asif, Minister Interior Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan and President National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP).

The Prime Minister was given detailed briefing on the scheme with special
emphasis on the receipt of applications and their scrutiny. PM directed that the
implementation of the scheme rules should be in a manner that it facilitates the
applicants. He directed the President NBP to personally supervise the scheme.

The issue of the guarantors also came under discussion during the meeting. PM
was told that in order to facilitate the applicants, three categories of
guarantors have been identified: firstly a Grade-15 or above Government Officer,
secondly any civilian person having an amount of net worth of 1.5 times the
amount of loan applied for and thirdly if a person has a running business and
wants to expand it, he can be his own guarantor if he has net worth of 1.5 times
the loan amount in National Bank or any other bank from where the loan is
disbursed.

Prime Minister said that service delivery by the banks should be to facilitate
the applicants and directed that the service delivery mechanism should be
improved based upon the valuable suggestions / feedback received for the public.
The standard of services towards these applicants should be the same as given to
the commercial borrowers. He advised the bank officers working on the loan
scheme to consider it as service to the nation.

PM emphasized upon merit and transparency in the scheme so that only the
deserving and genuine could get the loan. Prime Minister said that the
Government wants to provide various opportunities to the youth including skilled
education, trainings, employment and scholarships so that they could contribute
positively in all fields.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

NBP digns MoU with Hunar Foundation for providing business opportunities for
less privileged youth

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 330

LENGTH: 600  words


The MoU between National Bank of Pakistan and Hunar Foundation signed today for
the PM Youth Business Loan Scheme shows the shared commitment of both the
organizations to focus on promoting self-employment of the under privileged
youth.Through this collaboration, Hunar's trained alumni will have the
opportunity to acquire business loans for establishing or extending business
enterprises,thereby securingtheir and their families' future by becoming bread
earners for life.Simultaneously, this collaboration fortifies NBP's commitment
toencourage financial emancipationof un-employed youth in Pakistan thereby
contributing towards a sustainable economic growth of the country.

National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with
Hunar Foundation with theobjective to offer its alumni with the PM Youth
Business Loan (PMYBL) Scheme that will serve as an innovative plan for the
socio-economic development of youth, in an attempt to combat soaring
unemployment in the country. The scheme is aimed at empowering youth and poor
segments of population to set up small businesses thus aiding them in securing
economic empowerment.

Mr. Mudassir Khan, SEVP/Group Chief CRBG said that the creation of multiple job
opportunities signifies the strength and steadiness of overall economic
performance. A country's capacity to generate employment depends upon its
available human, technological and financialresources, combined
withinstitutional strategies to achieve sustained economic growth.NBP takes
pride in leading the PMYBL Scheme andbeing a catalyst for employment generation
and poverty reduction.

Mr. Irtiza Kazmi, EVP/Head of Cash Management  and  PMYBL Coordination stated
that Pakistan being the sixth most populous country in the world is faced with
the serious issue of unemployment. NBP's unrelenting efforts to develop the
business opportunities for the unemployed youth of Pakistan is the core
component of the Bank's integrated community strategy.PMYBL Scheme is being
promoted by NBP with a two pronged strategy ofmultiple employment generation and
development of the hitherto neglected SME sector. PMYBL Scheme focuses on
sustainable growth and development of youth through increasing productivity by
supporting innovation and youth entrepreneurship.

Nageen Rizvi, VP/ Unit Head Marketing  and  Promotion, added that 60% of
Pakistani population comprises of Youth. No Public or Private sector has the
capacity to create enough jobs to absorb the youth boom. With no opportunities
the youth succumb to other measures of income generation. PMYBL Scheme has been
designed to empower the youth to create their own employment and earn a
respectable living. NBP being the Nation's Bank is focusing on creation of more
and better job opportunities for men and women based on internal markets, and
communities which are main source of fostering productivity, entrepreneurship
and demand driven skills.

Speaking at the occasion Mr. Javed Hassan, CEO Hunar Foundation said The vision
of Hunar Foundation is to see a Skilled Pakistan. We take great pains to provide
technical training to young men and women from lesser privileged areas of the
country and have them certified by globally recognized accreditation like City
and  Guilds, UK. Another aim is to make them well rounded individuals by
teaching them Life Skills, Basic English and Maths and preparing them for
interviews. We appreciate the initiativeof NBP in providing Hunar Foundation's
Alumni loans to set up own businesses, and I personally thank Mr. Mudassir Khan
and his organization for taking this initiative.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 July 18, 2013

Boosting Graduates Employment With N1 Billion Scheme

BYLINE: Sheriff Balogun

LENGTH: 1349 words


Ogun State Government recently boosted 1,000 unemployed graduates in the state
with the sum of N1billion for a micro scheme programme.

writes

No doubt, youth unemployment is a menace in Nigeria and constitutes a real
danger and a threat to the country's democracy. Although unemployment is a
global trend, experts believe it occurs mostly in developing countries of the
world, with attendant social, economic, political, and psychological
consequences.

Thus, massive youth unemployment in any country is an indication of far more
complex problems. But a recent report showed that the proportions of world
unemployment are steadily increasing and that the number of those without jobs
remained at an all-time high.

With this indication, Ogun State Government recently organised a one-day
workshop which targeted 1,000 unemployed graduates with N1billion Bank of
Industry (BoI) loan scheme, which was part of the government's efforts to create
wealth and eradicate poverty through massive employment and youth engagement.

The Ogun state government extended the N1 billion BoI-supported loan scheme to
unemployed graduates, incorporating 1,000 unemployed graduates in addition to
already established Small and Medium-scale entrepreneurs.

The N1 billion SME loan scheme jointly financed by the Ogun state government and
BoI, which was inaugurated last year, had over N167 million distributed to 480
individuals drawn from 45 Cooperative Societies and two Limited Liability
Companies at 7 per cent interest rate with six months moratorium under its first
batch scheme.

Speaking at the workshop held in Abeokuta, Ogun state capital, the state
governor, Senator Ibikunle Amosun welcomed the Managing Director and Chief
Executive Officer of the Bank of Industry, Ms Evelyn Oputu, to Ogun state,
saying that under her leadership, the Bank has recorded tremendous progress and
impacted on the economy positively.

He disclosed that the bank has been a good partner in progress in his 'Mission
to Rebuild' Ogun state, most especially, as it relates to the creation of wealth
and employment generation as entrenched in the '5-Cardinal Programme' of his
administration.

On the other hand, he said the event was an epoch-making one, where a thousand
of the teeming unemployed graduates will benefit from the loan scheme; thus
reducing unemployment in the state.

Amosun, who was represented by his deputy, Prince Segun Adesegun, at the event
said "this is an affirmation of our administration's relentless effort and
determination to alleviate poverty in our state and taking our unemployed youths
out of the employment market."

He said the need for the workshop cannot be over-emphasised as it came at a time
when all hands are on deck to get the unemployed youths gainfully engaged,
saying "this is considering the fact that the high rate of unemployment amongst
the graduates has been of a great concern to our administration."

Speaking further, he said "It is for this reason that a loan facility for the
unemployed graduates was included in the main scheme. The scheme in expected to
be revolving at seven per cent interest rate as subsidised by Ogun State
Government."

He added: "As part of our administration's industrialisation agenda, Ogun State
Government had earlier partnered the Bank of Industry on development of eligible
Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) operating in Ogun state."

He, therefore, said "towards this end, a sum of N500 million counterpart fund
was released by the Ogun State Government while Bank of Industry also added its
share of N500 million to create access to N1 billion loan for the benefit of our
budding entrepreneurs.

He said "it was pertinent to let you know that 45 Cooperative Societies
comprising 480 individuals have already received their cheques while over 100
applications are being processed for approval.

He also informed the gathering that about 100 Adire/Kampala producers have
benefited from the OGSG-BoI loan scheme and their products were used at the 2012
Olympics in London.

On this note, he informed the gathering that these efforts have yielded fruitful
results as Ogun State emerged first in the recent textile exhibition amongst the
states in Nigeria at the All African Festival of Arts and Crafts (AFAC) expo in
Abuja.

He said "as a responsible government, that is passionate about creating
opportunities for personal development of our people we have made it clear that,
our own agenda is to have graduates who will create jobs and subsequently be
employers of labour."

He noted that the era of youths and graduates looking for white collar jobs that
is not available, saying the era has come and gone.

"We have consistently encouraged people, youths, associations, private
organisations and civil society groups with laudable job creating ideas to
intensify their efforts, and as Government we will not relent in supporting this
laudable venture towards the betterment of the life of our dear people", he
added.

The governor, therefore, congratulated the lucky participants who were
short-listed for the workshop, stressing that "it is our belief that the
workshop will lead to the establishments of more Micro and Small Scale
Enterprises in our State."

"I want to implore you all, to take advantage of this programme, by acquiring
the basic entrepreneurial skills which will prepare you towards facing the
challenges generating good business ventures. You should get yourself acquainted
with the modern techniques and methods in the business world."

While appealing to all participants at the workshop, he urged them to
reciprocate the good gesture from his administration by strictly utilising the
loan for the purpose it was meant and ensure prompt repayment to enable others
access and enjoy the facility.

However, the Commissioner for Commerce and Industry, Otunba Bimbo Ashiru,
disclosed that government was including unemployed graduates in the loan scheme
to create wealth and eradicate poverty through loan empowerment.

Ashiru, who revealed that N320 million has so far been distributed to resident
entrepreneurs and another N112 million cheques ready to be given to another 185
individuals from 18 Cooperative Societies and two Limited Liability Companies,
said government was including the 1,000 unemployed graduates in the state to
effectively tackle rising unemployment in the country.

He said government, therefore, organised the youths empowerment workshop in
order to equip and sensitise participants on various guidelines and requirements
for the loan scheme, adding that the workshop would expose the targeted youths
to "basic knowledge of generating good business ideas, writing good business
plans, starting businesses, modern marketing strategies, book-keeping and
accounting."

"The State government, in its efforts to create wealth and eradicate poverty in
our society, is including unemployed graduates in the scheme. This is aimed at
tackling the rise in unemployment in the country and also to empower our youths
to be independent and employers of labour themselves.

"I hereby urge you, the prospective beneficiaries to prepare your minds to show
your sincerity and determination towards the success of the scheme. It is
expected of you to demonstrate a high sense of diligence and to be goal-oriented
to take advantage of opportunities presented through today's training workshop",
Ashiru concluded.

Speaking earlier, Muhammed Abdul Ganiu, the BoI SME General Manager warned the
would-be beneficiary youths in the N1 billion Ogun state loan scheme to be
focused and explore different economic ways through which the initial principal
would be maximised benefit themselves and the nation, urging them to see the
loan as an opportunity to thrive economically.

He said: "We have to assist you in any way to achieve your aspirations, because
some people see it as a problem, but for us, we see as it an opportunity to
impact in your lives and not to make money. This, we pledge to do with your
cooperation. You must abide by the rule of engagement. It is not a national
cake; you must pay back for other people to benefit from the loan scheme."

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Banks disburse Rs 8.56 billion under PM youth business loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. 14 No. 357

LENGTH: 258  words


Banks have disbursed Rs8.56 billion under Prime Minister Youth Business Loan
Scheme to around 8,926 beneficiaries since the launch of the scheme, State Bank
of Pakistan (SBP) said on Monday.

The central bank said that number of applications received by the executing
agencies under the scheme in July-September 2016 witnessed a growth of 2 percent
over April-June 2016 period. Of the total applications received so far under the
Scheme, 86 percent were from male applicants while the share of female
applicants was at 14 percent. Of 72,961 applications received since 2013, number
of sanctioned applications stood at 18,144 as on September 30, 2016.

Punjab has the largest share with respect to both the number of applications
received as well as loans disbursed under the Scheme followed by KPK and Sindh.
Disbursement of Rs 416 million was made during the period July to September 2016
under PMYBL registering a growth of 5 percent over the total disbursements at
the end of June, 2016.

National Bank of Pakistan, First Women Bank, Summit Bank and Meezan Bank emerged
as the top four performers with respect to loan disbursement under the Scheme.

The government, being cognizant of the important role played by youth and small
businesses in the economic development, introduced Prime Minister Youth Business
Loans Scheme in 2013 with the aim of uplifting the youth and providing them
opportunities of financial independence through self-employment.

Under the Scheme, small businesses are extended loans upto Rs 2,000,000 at a
service charge of 6 percent.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Analysts appreciate govt's small business loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 333

LENGTH: 240  words


Provincial Chief SMEDA Raja Hasnain while appreciating government's small
business scheme termed it good for creating job opportunities for youth,
development of country.

Talking to a tv channel, he said that it is a small business loan scheme
designed for the youth ranging from 21-45 years added that this loan will be
given for doing business and there is no restrictions of type of business. He
said that 50 percents of the loan target this year will be given to females.

Every candidate applying for loan will have to prove his profitability through
feasibility report. He added that all the federating units of Pakistan are
eligible for this loan and all the people will be given equal opportunities in
getting loans.

He further said that loan will approved through a lucky draw and the successful
applicants' will not be included in second lucky draws for the purpose.

Expert in finance Dr. Khawaja Amjad Saeed said that problems of the youth should
be identified and they should be equipped with employable skills. He said beside
this, more jobs should be created as it is very important in the development of
a country. He quoted a Hadith and said that self employment is very crucial and
that needs small entrepreneurship but again entrepreneurship needs capital.

He appreciated the government step of loans and said that cash generation skills
should also be imparted to the youth so that they could become able to pay back
the loan.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Analysts appreciate govt's small business loan scheme

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 333

LENGTH: 240  words


Provincial Chief SMEDA Raja Hasnain while appreciating government's small
business scheme termed it good for creating job opportunities for youth,
development of country.

Talking to a tv channel, he said that it is a small business loan scheme
designed for the youth ranging from 21-45 years added that this loan will be
given for doing business and there is no restrictions of type of business. He
said that 50 percents of the loan target this year will be given to females.

Every candidate applying for loan will have to prove his profitability through
feasibility report. He added that all the federating units of Pakistan are
eligible for this loan and all the people will be given equal opportunities in
getting loans.

He further said that loan will approved through a lucky draw and the successful
applicants' will not be included in second lucky draws for the purpose.

Expert in finance Dr. Khawaja Amjad Saeed said that problems of the youth should
be identified and they should be equipped with employable skills. He said beside
this, more jobs should be created as it is very important in the development of
a country. He quoted a Hadith and said that self employment is very crucial and
that needs small entrepreneurship but again entrepreneurship needs capital.

He appreciated the government step of loans and said that cash generation skills
should also be imparted to the youth so that they could become able to pay back
the loan.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme fails to entice

LENGTH: 665  words


The much-trumpeted Prime Minister's 'Youth Business Loan Scheme' has been
dormant for the last one year and has not been able to achieve its desired
targets as slightly over 8,000 people have agreed to take concessionary loans
worth Rs5.2 billion so far, revealed officials on Tuesday.

"People have lost interest in the scheme we are receiving very few
applications," said National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) President Ahmad Iqbal
Ashraf, while briefing the Senate Standing Committee on Finance and Revenue.

He said during first two ballots, as many as 10,442 people were declared
eligible to obtain the loans but only 8,184 people or 79% of the total eligible
persons accepted the loan offers. The actual beneficiaries, however, were only
6,126 who received the first tranche, totalling Rs5.2 billion.

"In some cases, people who received the first tranche were reluctant to accept
the second tranche," said NBP Senior Executive Vice President and Group Chief of
Retail and Commercial Banking Mudassir Khan.

Reasons for decline

The figures are startling, as the government had hoped that tens of thousands of
people would approach the state-owned bank for seeking concessionary loans.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had launched the scheme in December 2013 and the
government had announced to give loans worth Rs100 billion to unemployed persons
to start their businesses.

Read: Govt launches initiative to empower youth

Initially, people showed enthusiasm and as many as 60,062 people applied.
However, the actual cases that were put for balloting stood at only 15,477,
according to the NBP's presentation. The province-wise breakup of applicants
shows that as many as 45,470 people from Punjab applied for loans, followed by
Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa 5,513, Sindh 5,320, and Baluchistan 1,372.

In terms of age, almost one-fourth were in the age group of 26-30, slightly over
one-fifth were 21-25 years old while over one-tenth were in the age group of
41-45.

In terms of education, 37% were below matriculation level, 19% matric, over 22%
intermediate, 14% graduate and only 7% were masters' degree holders.

"On the question whether the PM Youth Loan programme remained successful or not,
the jury is out," said State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) Deputy Governor Saeed Ahmed.

Ahmed also criticised NBP's approach of waiting for applicants and advised them
to go after clients to make the scheme a success story. "The programme target
was to disburse Rs100 billion but the government is far behind the target," he
said, admitting that it had rather reached a static point.

"Initially, the interest rate was 13% while the borrower had to pay only 8%,"
said the NBP president, "Now the overall interest rate has come down to 11% with
borrower's obligation is 6%.

Ashraf said that the first ballot was held in May 2014, followed by the second
one a month later. "Since June 2014 no balloting has taken place and the NBP has
been waiting for a date from PM's Office for holding the third ballot."

Read:Maryam Nawaz resigns as PM's youth loan programme chairperson

"Six thousand more applications can be put for it, "he added.

He further informed that initially the government had planned to give half the
loans to women but a lack of interest from their side meant the condition was
relaxed. Women were excluded from the balloting process and anyone who applied
for the loan got it.

"People were hesitant to accept the offer due to stringent requirements of
equity and guarantors," he explained.

In order to make the programme a success story, the NBP now plans to re-launch
the scheme along with an aggressive print and electronic media campaign besides
partnering with the private sector.

Number of applicants from across the country

Punjab 45,470
K-P 5,513
Sindh 5,320
Balochistan 1,372

Published in The Express Tribune, August 19th, 2015.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

The post PM's Youth Business Loan Scheme fails to entice appeared first on The
Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Check on PM\'s loan scheme MNA Leila conducts surpise visit to NBP

BYLINE: F.P. Report

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 1002

LENGTH: 243  words


On the directives of the Chairperson Prime Minister\'s Youth Programme Maryam
Nawaz Sharif, a monitoring team headed by Advisor to Chairperson, MNA Ms. Leila
Khan conducted surprise visits to various branches of National Bank of Pakistan
to review the status of disbursement of PM Youth Business Loan Scheme, here
today.

The monitoring team was apprised by the senior management of the National Bank
of Pakistan on the overall progress and loan disbursement status of the Prime
Minister\'s Youth Business Loan Scheme.

Briefing the team, the NBP\'s executives informed that the PMYBLS is moving on
the right track as per vision of the political leadership.

It was further briefed that the procedure for the disbursement of loans to the
youth has been made beneficiary-friendly on the directives of the Chairperson
PMYP.

The senior bank management informed that the loan approval decision would be
centralized at the head office level in order to avoid unnecessary delays at the
branch level in disbursing loans to the potential beneficiaries and all the
regional heads have been directed to facilitate the successful applicants of the
PMYBLS by establishing dedicated counters at all the branches of the NBP.

The PMYP Team was further apprised on the region wise status and progress of the
PMYBLS. It was decided that a proper monitoring mechanism with status update of
the loan beneficiaries would be installed to track the progress of loan
disbursement by the bank.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan: Budget not to spur inflation, help ease masses: PM

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 5 -- Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif, while terming the
federal budget 2014-15 "very good", Wednesday said it would not spur inflation,
boost investment, promote development and ease the masses. "I congratulate
Finance Minister Ishaq Dar on making and presenting such a good budget," he said
while addressing the second balloting ceremony of the Prime Minister's Youth
Business Loan Scheme here at the Convention Centre. Those present on the
occasion included Finance Minister Ishaq Dar, Chairperson PM's Youth Loan Scheme
Maryam Nawaz, Governor State Bank Ashraf Mahmood Wathra and President of the
National Bank of Pakistan Iqbal Ashraf. The Prime Minister said the country by
and large had achieved all the economic targets during the outgoing fiscal year
with 16.4% growth in revenue collection in 11 months against 3 % last year.

The people, who said that 10% glass was empty, did not highlight the fact that
90% glass was full, he added. Referring to the country's economic situation that
when he took oath of office on June 5, 2013, he said his government had to
immediately focus on the preparation of budget for 2013-14. The country, which
had achieved over 16% growth in revenue collection this year, could also achieve
even 116% growth if the youth, who were getting loans under the Business Loan
Scheme, strived for successful businesses and contributed to the national
economy, he added. The Prime Minister said the countries like Germany, Japan and
America had achieved the current level of socio-economic development by
facilitating and encouraging their middle and lower middle classes to establish
their own businesses. He said in Germany, 80 per cent people who had not any
access to resources, were provided with the required resources through
micro-financing to establish their own businesses and today that country had
achieved socio-economic strength and its economy was very strong. The Prime
Minister said he had conceived the idea of youth business loan scheme during the
1990s, but he could not implement it due to economic problems and sanctions
faced by the country in the wake of 1998 nuclear explosions. "If the scheme was
launched in the 1990s, the economic situation would have been very different
today," he remarked. Nawaz Sharif said after coming to power last year, the
government started this scheme so that the youth could not only earn a
respectable living but also contribute to the national economy. "The rich get
loans easily, but the poor seeking credit are not even allowed to enter the
banks," he remarked. He said the axis of his thoughts was the poor, who were
always worried about their night's meal, shelter, wedding of daughters or
sisters, medical needs etc. "There are so many people, who want to engage
themselves in any small business like livestock farming and agriculture, but
they do not have resources," he said. The Prime Minister said he had a lot of
hopes from the youth, who could bring revolution in the country. Those, who used
to raise slogans for the youth, should now come forward and help them, he added.
He also referred to the Livestock Insurance Scheme announced by the Finance
Minister in the budget speech under which, he said, premium would be paid by the
government. Due to this scheme, the capital of those investing in livestock
farming would be protected in case of any casualty, he added

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

PMYP spokesperson rebuts Imran's charges

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Prime Minister's Youth Programme (PMYP) Tuesday announced that its chairperson
has no financial and administrative control over disbursing of loans by banks as
pre- and post-disbursement of amount follows strict internal and external audit
regime to ensure transparency.



Spokesperson of the Programme strongly rebutted the allegations levelled by
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan of exclusively handing over
of Rs100 billion Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme to its chairperson,
Maryam Nawaz by the prime minister.

Contradicting the allegations, the spokesperson said PTI's chief lacks knowledge
about independence of administrative and financial management of the
implementing partners of PMYP and asked Khan to carefully read and understand
contours of the programme before disinforming the youth for political point
scoring.

He explained that the Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme (PMYBLS) is
transparently implemented by National Bank of Pakistan (NBP) and First Women
Bank (FWB) as the loan disbursing agencies to potential young entrepreneurs
through their own financial resources.

The national exchequer has not allocated a single penny directly to the PMYP for
rolling out PMYBLS. He further explained that the government has only earmarked
Rs5 billion as a difference to be paid to the banks with credit tenure of eight
years including one year grace period. He maintained that the banks are
accountable only to State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) and are entirely independent in
processing, approving and rejecting the loans' applications. "Thus, the PMYP
chairperson has no financial and administrative control over the disbursing of
loans by banks, it was further maintained," he added.

The spokesperson explained that similarly the approved budgetary amount of Rs4.0
billion and Rs1.2 billion respectively for Prime Minister's Laptop and Prime
Minister's Fee Reimbursement schemes has been allocated directly to Higher
Education Commission (HEC) and not to the PMYP. The HEC as an implementing
agency for both the schemes disburses the amount after following the laid down
criteria stipulated by the Ministry of Finance, the spokesperson further
explained. Explaining the Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Scheme, he
said an amount of Rs800 million has been allocated directly to National
Vocational & Technical Training Commission (NAVTTC) as an implementing agency to
impart skill development training to 25,000 youth across federation including
Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Azad Jammu Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.

Logically, it was further explained that Chairperson of PMYP exercises no
financial or administrative control over the NAVTTC's budgetary allocation.
Defining the Prime Minister's Interest Free Loan Scheme, he said that an amount
of Rs3.5 billion has been allocated to Pakistan Poverty Alleviation Fund (PPAF)
for disbursement of 25,000 loans upto Rs250,000 among the poor segment of
society to start micro-business activity for honourable livelihood. "Naturally,
the chairperson PMYP has also no financial or administrative authority over
PPAF", he added.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Long queues at bank branches for business loan under PM scheme

LENGTH: 267  words


Long queues were witnessed at the designated bank branches on Monday, providing
loan application forms under the Prime Minister Youth Business Loan scheme which
is aimed at making unemployed youth self-reliant and useful citizens.

There was unusual hustle and bustle at all seven branches of National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP) and other designated banks including First Women Bank operating
across the district where application forms for loans were being issued free of
cost.

Under the scheme, youth meeting the criteria would be given loan amounting to Rs
1,00,000 to 20,00,000.

Banks have made special arrangements for issuance of application forms, while
separate counters have also been set up to facilitate women.

NBP's main branch in the downtown Saddar has made a separate enclosure  for the
people interested in seeking loan under the scheme.

A number of loan aspirants welcomed Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's initiative to
help unemployed youth, saying that it would enable them to start business and
earn a respectable livelihood.

They expressed the resolve to play their role in strengthening the national
economy as they would utilize their  energies to give a boost to economic
activities in every nook and corner of the country.

Youngsters including Yasir Javed, Saba Malik, Shoeb Bin Mushtaq, Ahsan, Ghulam
Mustafa, Syed Qasim Ali Shah, Malik Aftab, Saima , Sadia, Noreen and Khalida
were jubilant as they were confident of a better future with launch of the
business scheme.

They said the Prime Minister has fulfilled his promise made with the youth for
their well-being by introducing the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Long queues at bank branches for business loan under PM scheme

LENGTH: 267  words


Long queues were witnessed at the designated bank branches on Monday, providing
loan application forms under the Prime Minister Youth Business Loan scheme which
is aimed at making unemployed youth self-reliant and useful citizens.

There was unusual hustle and bustle at all seven branches of National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP) and other designated banks including First Women Bank operating
across the district where application forms for loans were being issued free of
cost.

Under the scheme, youth meeting the criteria would be given loan amounting to Rs
1,00,000 to 20,00,000.

Banks have made special arrangements for issuance of application forms, while
separate counters have also been set up to facilitate women.

NBP's main branch in the downtown Saddar has made a separate enclosure  for the
people interested in seeking loan under the scheme.

A number of loan aspirants welcomed Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's initiative to
help unemployed youth, saying that it would enable them to start business and
earn a respectable livelihood.

They expressed the resolve to play their role in strengthening the national
economy as they would utilize their  energies to give a boost to economic
activities in every nook and corner of the country.

Youngsters including Yasir Javed, Saba Malik, Shoeb Bin Mushtaq, Ahsan, Ghulam
Mustafa, Syed Qasim Ali Shah, Malik Aftab, Saima , Sadia, Noreen and Khalida
were jubilant as they were confident of a better future with launch of the
business scheme.

They said the Prime Minister has fulfilled his promise made with the youth for
their well-being by introducing the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Long queues at bank branches for business loan under PM scheme

LENGTH: 267  words


Long queues were witnessed at the designated bank branches on Monday, providing
loan application forms under the Prime Minister Youth Business Loan scheme which
is aimed at making unemployed youth self-reliant and useful citizens.

There was unusual hustle and bustle at all seven branches of National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP) and other designated banks including First Women Bank operating
across the district where application forms for loans were being issued free of
cost.

Under the scheme, youth meeting the criteria would be given loan amounting to Rs
1,00,000 to 20,00,000.

Banks have made special arrangements for issuance of application forms, while
separate counters have also been set up to facilitate women.

NBP's main branch in the downtown Saddar has made a separate enclosure  for the
people interested in seeking loan under the scheme.

A number of loan aspirants welcomed Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's initiative to
help unemployed youth, saying that it would enable them to start business and
earn a respectable livelihood.

They expressed the resolve to play their role in strengthening the national
economy as they would utilize their  energies to give a boost to economic
activities in every nook and corner of the country.

Youngsters including Yasir Javed, Saba Malik, Shoeb Bin Mushtaq, Ahsan, Ghulam
Mustafa, Syed Qasim Ali Shah, Malik Aftab, Saima , Sadia, Noreen and Khalida
were jubilant as they were confident of a better future with launch of the
business scheme.

They said the Prime Minister has fulfilled his promise made with the youth for
their well-being by introducing the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Long queues at bank branches for business loan under PM scheme

LENGTH: 267  words


Long queues were witnessed at the designated bank branches on Monday, providing
loan application forms under the Prime Minister Youth Business Loan scheme which
is aimed at making unemployed youth self-reliant and useful citizens.

There was unusual hustle and bustle at all seven branches of National Bank of
Pakistan (NBP) and other designated banks including First Women Bank operating
across the district where application forms for loans were being issued free of
cost.

Under the scheme, youth meeting the criteria would be given loan amounting to Rs
1,00,000 to 20,00,000.

Banks have made special arrangements for issuance of application forms, while
separate counters have also been set up to facilitate women.

NBP's main branch in the downtown Saddar has made a separate enclosure  for the
people interested in seeking loan under the scheme.

A number of loan aspirants welcomed Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's initiative to
help unemployed youth, saying that it would enable them to start business and
earn a respectable livelihood.

They expressed the resolve to play their role in strengthening the national
economy as they would utilize their  energies to give a boost to economic
activities in every nook and corner of the country.

Youngsters including Yasir Javed, Saba Malik, Shoeb Bin Mushtaq, Ahsan, Ghulam
Mustafa, Syed Qasim Ali Shah, Malik Aftab, Saima , Sadia, Noreen and Khalida
were jubilant as they were confident of a better future with launch of the
business scheme.

They said the Prime Minister has fulfilled his promise made with the youth for
their well-being by introducing the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Govt involving private banks in PM Youth Loan Scheme

BYLINE: Fakhar Durrani

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 19

LENGTH: 437  words


In order to diversify the Prime Minister Youth Business Loan Scheme, the
government has engaged private banks, chairperson of the scheme confirmed to The
News.

Talking to The News, scheme Chairperson Leila Khan said the government was aimed
at making this programme durable as it intended to help the youth in
strengthening their financial conditions.

"The government is sincere in its efforts to fulfil its promise which it made to
the youth with regard to assist them financially and the government had decided
to involve the private banks in the PM youth loan scheme," commented Leila Khan.

She said the government had disbursed the loan to almost 6,000 successful
candidates.

"Sindh Bank has already launched the scheme and has allocated Rs100 million for
the programme similarly, Habib Bank Limited (HBL) has agreed to collaborate with
the government in this programme and allocated Rs2 billion in this regard. Habib
Metropolitan Bank has also promised to allocate Rs2 billion for this programme.
Meezan Bank has also showed its interest in the scheme and has promised to
allocate Rs100 million in its first quarter. Beside this, the government is also
negotiating with Meezan Bank for the Islamic Banking as well," informed Leila
Khan.

Talking about the slow process of the scheme and delay in disbursement of the
loan among the beneficiaries, Leila Khan said the government could not force the
bank management and could dictate it on this matter. "The government has not
politicised this scheme and the bank management has been given free hand for
granting loan to the applicants after verifying all the requirements needed for
the loan," she commented.

She said the recovery percentage was more than 94 within the first year of loan
disbursement and this showed the success of this scheme. Leila Khan also
confirmed that the bank which is collaborating with the government in this
scheme had not contributed with the same spirit as the government wanted from
it. An official of the bank, however, dispelled this impression saying the bank
is not responsible for any delay in the scheme. He said the bank is following
transparent procedure and implementing checks required for just distribution of
loans under the scheme.

It is pertinent to mention here that the government has already disbursed Rs3.98
billion among the 5,700 successful candidates of the scheme so far. Whereas the
bank is disbursing the second tranche gradually after verifying the progress,
although the progress is a little bit slow but as per the top officials
affiliated with the scheme they want to make sure that loan amount is being
spent properly.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 March 22, 2016

Govt Targets 3.5 Million Jobs in Three Years

BYLINE: Favour Nnabugwu

LENGTH: 434 words


Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo said that the federal government had set a target
of providing 3.5million jobs for Nigerian youths within the next three years.

This is as the Governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai said it could be
a monumental disaster for the country if the federal and state governments
failed to educate and empower the youth of this nation.

Osinbajo at the official launch of Youth Entrepreneurship Support (YES)
programme, an initiative of the Bank of Industry (BoI) in Abuja, said the
federal government solemnly support the brainchild of the bank, adding that it
was in tandem with the President Buhari- led administration's target to provide
youths with 3.5 million jobs within three years.

"This administration has a target to provide 3.5million jobs within three years
and we are taking records to achieve that target."

Represented by Mr. Afolabi Imoukhuede, Senior Special Assistant to the Vice
President on Job Creation and Youth Employment, the Vice President told the
youths not to treat the YES loan as a share of national cake by not repaying the
loans to the bank.

"The Yes loan is not a national cake to share therefore we encourage you to
repay your loan in order for the bank to accommodate more youths on this
initiative," he said.

Also speaking, Kaduna State Governor said that six million babies were born in
the country every year out of which 1 million of them die annually while three
million youths were expected to join the country's workforce.

But for the country to adequately deal with the menace of youth unemployment to
ameliorate youth restiveness, El-Rufai stated that the country needs to provide
at least three million to four million jobs on a yearly basis.

He said: "For us to treat the present level of unemployment situation in the
country, we need at least three million to four million jobs every year."

Giving a concise picture of the situation in his State, The Governors said, in
Kaduna State, 88 percent of the population there are youths below 35 years with
60 percent unemployment rate, adding that, "It is a major challenge training and
empowering the youths but it could be a national disaster if we do not educate
and support them."

On his part, the Director-General of the Nigerian Youth Service Corp (NYSC),
Brigadier-General Johnson Bamidele Olawumi encouraged corp members to take
opportunity provided by BoI to establish themselves.

"I urge corp members to take advantage of the YES initiative to start your own
business because the jobs are not just there."

Olawunmi however guaranteed BoI of a 100 percent repayment plan by corp members.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Banks disburse Rs 8.56 billion under PM youth business loan scheme

LENGTH: 294  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Dec. 28 -- Banks have disbursed Rs8.56 billion under Prime Minister
Youth Business Loan Scheme to around 8,926 beneficiaries since the launch of the
scheme, State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) said on Monday.

The central bank said that number of applications received by the executing
agencies under the scheme in July-September 2016 witnessed a growth of 2 percent
over April-June 2016 period. Of the total applications received so far under the
Scheme, 86 percent were from male applicants while the share of female
applicants was at 14 percent. Of 72,961 applications received since 2013, number
of sanctioned applications stood at 18,144 as on September 30, 2016.

Punjab has the largest share with respect to both the number of applications
received as well as loans disbursed under the Scheme followed by KPK and Sindh.
Disbursement of Rs 416 million was made during the period July to September 2016
under PMYBL registering a growth of 5 percent over the total disbursements at
the end of June, 2016.

National Bank of Pakistan, First Women Bank, Summit Bank and Meezan Bank emerged
as the top four performers with respect to loan disbursement under the Scheme.

The government, being cognizant of the important role played by youth and small
businesses in the economic development, introduced Prime Minister Youth Business
Loans Scheme in 2013 with the aim of uplifting the youth and providing them
opportunities of financial independence through self-employment.

Under the Scheme, small businesses are extended loans upto Rs 2,000,000 at a
service charge of 6 percent.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             August 3, 2010 Tuesday

Govt. to open more women hostels, young entrepreneurs to get loans

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 214

LENGTH: 217  words


The Government plans to open more female youth hostels in different cities and
will give loans to the youth to start small businesses, Federal Minister for
Youth Affairs, Shahid Hussain Bhutto, said on Tuesday.

The Minister was speaking to reporter about special programmes of Ministry of
Youth Affairs (MOYA), ahead of International Youth Day on August 12.  He said
that the Ministry has initiated different Youth-Oriented programmes including
Rs.10,000 per month stipend and one year job under National Internship Programme
for more than 50,000 graduates of the country while special livelihood packages
for the youth of Balochistan, Malakand & Rural Sindh had also been introduced.

He said the Government would extend the project of female Youth Hostels for
working Women in different cities.

He said his Ministry had launched a mobile computer literacy programme to
educate rural areas' youth while under a new scheme loans would be given to the
youth for small business activities.

Shahid Bhutto said that in line with the mission of Shaheed Mohtarma Benazir
Bhutto to establish 100 Youth Development Centres, the Ministry has opened two
centres, having facilities like Gym, English Coaching, NIP offices and Youth
Hostels.

He said that the youth centres project would be extended across the country.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Pakistan: Analysts appreciate govt's small business loan scheme

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 5 -- Provincial Chief SMEDA Raja Hasnain while appreciating
government's small business scheme termed it good for creating job opportunities
for youth, development of country.

Talking to a tv channel, he said that it is a small business loan scheme
designed for the youth ranging from 21-45 years added that this loan will be
given for doing business and there is no restrictions of type of business. y He
said that 50 percents of the loan target this year will be given to females.
Every candidate applying for loan will have to prove his profitability through
feasibility report. He added that all the federating units of Pakistan are
eligible for this loan and all the people will be given equal opportunities in
getting loans. He further said that loan will approved through a lucky draw and
the successful applicants' will not be included in second lucky draws for the
purpose. Expert in finance Dr. Khawaja Amjad Saeed said that problems of the
youth should be identified and they should be equipped with employable skills.
He said beside this, more jobs should be created as it is very important in the
development of a country. He quoted a Hadith and said that self employment is
very crucial and that needs small entrepreneurship but again entrepreneurship
needs capital. He appreciated the government step of loans and said that cash
generation skills should also be imparted to the youth so that they could become
able to payback the loan

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

PML-N govt committed to economic empowerment of women: Maryam Nawaz

LENGTH: 546  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Maryam Nawaz  has said PML(N)
government is fully committed to economic empowerment of women.

She expressed these views while talking to U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global
Women's Issues Cathy Russell.

During the meeting, matters of mutual interests, especially government's
initiatives to empower women, came under discussion.  The Chairperson apprised
the visiting ambassador, "Government is focused on creating new job
opportunities for the youth through the promotion of SMEs in the country.  Prime
Minister's Small Business Loan Scheme is a milestone in this regard".

The chairperson said, "Women constitute almost 52% of 190 Million population of
the country.  There are 60 special seats reserved for women In Pakistan's
National Assembly, Women are 25% of the workforce in the country, (especially in
rural areas.  They are actively contributing in agriculture, industry, banks,
telecommunication and marketing.

Madam Maryam Nawaz Sharif added, "PML(N) government is fully committed to
economic empowerment of women.  Government also wants to impart vocational
training to women through Youth Skill Development Scheme. Women would be
professionally trained in skills like cookery, bakery and would be provided a
monthly stipend worth 3-5 thousand rupees, for a period of 6 months. The
government will bear their fee. 800 million rupees have been allocated for this
programme".

The chairperson highlighted, "Government intends to promote entrepreneurial
skills in women.  Prime minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme has reserved 50%
loans for women.  This scheme includes many women-specific trades like bakery
and confectionary, catering and decoration services, montessori school, beauty
clinic, interior decoration, day care centre and boutique". She added, "Besides
the provision of business loans to the women, Government is also focused on
providing them technical through handholding programme".

Ms. Cathy Russell appreciated the efforts of the government for economic revival
of the country by empowering and engaging the youth, especially women, and
assured her country's maximum support in this regard.

Later in the day, Chairperson Prime minister's Youth Programme, Madam Maryam
Nawaz Sharif chaired meeting on Hand Holding Programme.  It was attended by a
young parliamentarian along with secretary Food Security and Research, Secretary
Industry, Secretary Information and other officers concerned.  A complete
overview of the Hand Holding programme was presented in the meeting.

The Chairperson asked the authorities concerned to devise a fool-proof framework
of the programme.  She also directed to gradually expand operations of this
programme so that business loan awardees throughout the country.could benefit.
She added, "We would not only give cheques to the loan seekers but would also
assist them in running their businesses.  Special arrangements, if necessary,
should be made for this purpose".

The Chairperson also said, "Loan seekers should also be provided with all
necessary information by making use of modern technology, especially the
internet. A website should be developed carrying links of all the relevant
departments to provide all kind of information to facilitate people applying for
the loan".

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

PML-N govt committed to economic empowerment of women: Maryam Nawaz

LENGTH: 546  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Maryam Nawaz  has said PML(N)
government is fully committed to economic empowerment of women.

She expressed these views while talking to U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global
Women's Issues Cathy Russell.

During the meeting, matters of mutual interests, especially government's
initiatives to empower women, came under discussion.  The Chairperson apprised
the visiting ambassador, "Government is focused on creating new job
opportunities for the youth through the promotion of SMEs in the country.  Prime
Minister's Small Business Loan Scheme is a milestone in this regard".

The chairperson said, "Women constitute almost 52% of 190 Million population of
the country.  There are 60 special seats reserved for women In Pakistan's
National Assembly, Women are 25% of the workforce in the country, (especially in
rural areas.  They are actively contributing in agriculture, industry, banks,
telecommunication and marketing.

Madam Maryam Nawaz Sharif added, "PML(N) government is fully committed to
economic empowerment of women.  Government also wants to impart vocational
training to women through Youth Skill Development Scheme. Women would be
professionally trained in skills like cookery, bakery and would be provided a
monthly stipend worth 3-5 thousand rupees, for a period of 6 months. The
government will bear their fee. 800 million rupees have been allocated for this
programme".

The chairperson highlighted, "Government intends to promote entrepreneurial
skills in women.  Prime minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme has reserved 50%
loans for women.  This scheme includes many women-specific trades like bakery
and confectionary, catering and decoration services, montessori school, beauty
clinic, interior decoration, day care centre and boutique". She added, "Besides
the provision of business loans to the women, Government is also focused on
providing them technical through handholding programme".

Ms. Cathy Russell appreciated the efforts of the government for economic revival
of the country by empowering and engaging the youth, especially women, and
assured her country's maximum support in this regard.

Later in the day, Chairperson Prime minister's Youth Programme, Madam Maryam
Nawaz Sharif chaired meeting on Hand Holding Programme.  It was attended by a
young parliamentarian along with secretary Food Security and Research, Secretary
Industry, Secretary Information and other officers concerned.  A complete
overview of the Hand Holding programme was presented in the meeting.

The Chairperson asked the authorities concerned to devise a fool-proof framework
of the programme.  She also directed to gradually expand operations of this
programme so that business loan awardees throughout the country.could benefit.
She added, "We would not only give cheques to the loan seekers but would also
assist them in running their businesses.  Special arrangements, if necessary,
should be made for this purpose".

The Chairperson also said, "Loan seekers should also be provided with all
necessary information by making use of modern technology, especially the
internet. A website should be developed carrying links of all the relevant
departments to provide all kind of information to facilitate people applying for
the loan".

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

PML-N govt committed to economic empowerment of women: Maryam Nawaz

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 45

LENGTH: 546  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Maryam Nawaz  has said PML(N)
government is fully committed to economic empowerment of women.

She expressed these views while talking to U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global
Women's Issues Cathy Russell.

During the meeting, matters of mutual interests, especially government's
initiatives to empower women, came under discussion.  The Chairperson apprised
the visiting ambassador, "Government is focused on creating new job
opportunities for the youth through the promotion of SMEs in the country.  Prime
Minister's Small Business Loan Scheme is a milestone in this regard".

The chairperson said, "Women constitute almost 52% of 190 Million population of
the country.  There are 60 special seats reserved for women In Pakistan's
National Assembly, Women are 25% of the workforce in the country, (especially in
rural areas.  They are actively contributing in agriculture, industry, banks,
telecommunication and marketing.

Madam Maryam Nawaz Sharif added, "PML(N) government is fully committed to
economic empowerment of women.  Government also wants to impart vocational
training to women through Youth Skill Development Scheme. Women would be
professionally trained in skills like cookery, bakery and would be provided a
monthly stipend worth 3-5 thousand rupees, for a period of 6 months. The
government will bear their fee. 800 million rupees have been allocated for this
programme".

The chairperson highlighted, "Government intends to promote entrepreneurial
skills in women.  Prime minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme has reserved 50%
loans for women.  This scheme includes many women-specific trades like bakery
and confectionary, catering and decoration services, montessori school, beauty
clinic, interior decoration, day care centre and boutique". She added, "Besides
the provision of business loans to the women, Government is also focused on
providing them technical through handholding programme".

Ms. Cathy Russell appreciated the efforts of the government for economic revival
of the country by empowering and engaging the youth, especially women, and
assured her country's maximum support in this regard.

Later in the day, Chairperson Prime minister's Youth Programme, Madam Maryam
Nawaz Sharif chaired meeting on Hand Holding Programme.  It was attended by a
young parliamentarian along with secretary Food Security and Research, Secretary
Industry, Secretary Information and other officers concerned.  A complete
overview of the Hand Holding programme was presented in the meeting.

The Chairperson asked the authorities concerned to devise a fool-proof framework
of the programme.  She also directed to gradually expand operations of this
programme so that business loan awardees throughout the country.could benefit.
She added, "We would not only give cheques to the loan seekers but would also
assist them in running their businesses.  Special arrangements, if necessary,
should be made for this purpose".

The Chairperson also said, "Loan seekers should also be provided with all
necessary information by making use of modern technology, especially the
internet. A website should be developed carrying links of all the relevant
departments to provide all kind of information to facilitate people applying for
the loan".

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

PML-N govt committed to economic empowerment of women: Maryam Nawaz

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 45

LENGTH: 546  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Maryam Nawaz  has said PML(N)
government is fully committed to economic empowerment of women.

She expressed these views while talking to U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global
Women's Issues Cathy Russell.

During the meeting, matters of mutual interests, especially government's
initiatives to empower women, came under discussion.  The Chairperson apprised
the visiting ambassador, "Government is focused on creating new job
opportunities for the youth through the promotion of SMEs in the country.  Prime
Minister's Small Business Loan Scheme is a milestone in this regard".

The chairperson said, "Women constitute almost 52% of 190 Million population of
the country.  There are 60 special seats reserved for women In Pakistan's
National Assembly, Women are 25% of the workforce in the country, (especially in
rural areas.  They are actively contributing in agriculture, industry, banks,
telecommunication and marketing.

Madam Maryam Nawaz Sharif added, "PML(N) government is fully committed to
economic empowerment of women.  Government also wants to impart vocational
training to women through Youth Skill Development Scheme. Women would be
professionally trained in skills like cookery, bakery and would be provided a
monthly stipend worth 3-5 thousand rupees, for a period of 6 months. The
government will bear their fee. 800 million rupees have been allocated for this
programme".

The chairperson highlighted, "Government intends to promote entrepreneurial
skills in women.  Prime minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme has reserved 50%
loans for women.  This scheme includes many women-specific trades like bakery
and confectionary, catering and decoration services, montessori school, beauty
clinic, interior decoration, day care centre and boutique". She added, "Besides
the provision of business loans to the women, Government is also focused on
providing them technical through handholding programme".

Ms. Cathy Russell appreciated the efforts of the government for economic revival
of the country by empowering and engaging the youth, especially women, and
assured her country's maximum support in this regard.

Later in the day, Chairperson Prime minister's Youth Programme, Madam Maryam
Nawaz Sharif chaired meeting on Hand Holding Programme.  It was attended by a
young parliamentarian along with secretary Food Security and Research, Secretary
Industry, Secretary Information and other officers concerned.  A complete
overview of the Hand Holding programme was presented in the meeting.

The Chairperson asked the authorities concerned to devise a fool-proof framework
of the programme.  She also directed to gradually expand operations of this
programme so that business loan awardees throughout the country.could benefit.
She added, "We would not only give cheques to the loan seekers but would also
assist them in running their businesses.  Special arrangements, if necessary,
should be made for this purpose".

The Chairperson also said, "Loan seekers should also be provided with all
necessary information by making use of modern technology, especially the
internet. A website should be developed carrying links of all the relevant
departments to provide all kind of information to facilitate people applying for
the loan".

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

PML-N govt committed to economic empowerment of women: Maryam Nawaz

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 44

LENGTH: 546  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Maryam Nawaz  has said PML(N)
government is fully committed to economic empowerment of women.

She expressed these views while talking to U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global
Women's Issues Cathy Russell.

During the meeting, matters of mutual interests, especially government's
initiatives to empower women, came under discussion.  The Chairperson apprised
the visiting ambassador, "Government is focused on creating new job
opportunities for the youth through the promotion of SMEs in the country.  Prime
Minister's Small Business Loan Scheme is a milestone in this regard".

The chairperson said, "Women constitute almost 52% of 190 Million population of
the country.  There are 60 special seats reserved for women In Pakistan's
National Assembly, Women are 25% of the workforce in the country, (especially in
rural areas.  They are actively contributing in agriculture, industry, banks,
telecommunication and marketing.

Madam Maryam Nawaz Sharif added, "PML(N) government is fully committed to
economic empowerment of women.  Government also wants to impart vocational
training to women through Youth Skill Development Scheme. Women would be
professionally trained in skills like cookery, bakery and would be provided a
monthly stipend worth 3-5 thousand rupees, for a period of 6 months. The
government will bear their fee. 800 million rupees have been allocated for this
programme".

The chairperson highlighted, "Government intends to promote entrepreneurial
skills in women.  Prime minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme has reserved 50%
loans for women.  This scheme includes many women-specific trades like bakery
and confectionary, catering and decoration services, montessori school, beauty
clinic, interior decoration, day care centre and boutique". She added, "Besides
the provision of business loans to the women, Government is also focused on
providing them technical through handholding programme".

Ms. Cathy Russell appreciated the efforts of the government for economic revival
of the country by empowering and engaging the youth, especially women, and
assured her country's maximum support in this regard.

Later in the day, Chairperson Prime minister's Youth Programme, Madam Maryam
Nawaz Sharif chaired meeting on Hand Holding Programme.  It was attended by a
young parliamentarian along with secretary Food Security and Research, Secretary
Industry, Secretary Information and other officers concerned.  A complete
overview of the Hand Holding programme was presented in the meeting.

The Chairperson asked the authorities concerned to devise a fool-proof framework
of the programme.  She also directed to gradually expand operations of this
programme so that business loan awardees throughout the country could benefit.
She added, "We would not only give cheques to the loan seekers but would also
assist them in running their businesses.  Special arrangements, if necessary,
should be made for this purpose".

The Chairperson also said, "Loan seekers should also be provided with all
necessary information by making use of modern technology, especially the
internet. A website should be developed carrying links of all the relevant
departments to provide all kind of information to facilitate people applying for
the loan".

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

PML-N govt committed to economic empowerment of women: Maryam Nawaz

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 44

LENGTH: 546  words


Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme, Maryam Nawaz  has said PML(N)
government is fully committed to economic empowerment of women.

She expressed these views while talking to U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global
Women's Issues Cathy Russell.

During the meeting, matters of mutual interests, especially government's
initiatives to empower women, came under discussion.  The Chairperson apprised
the visiting ambassador, "Government is focused on creating new job
opportunities for the youth through the promotion of SMEs in the country.  Prime
Minister's Small Business Loan Scheme is a milestone in this regard".

The chairperson said, "Women constitute almost 52% of 190 Million population of
the country.  There are 60 special seats reserved for women In Pakistan's
National Assembly, Women are 25% of the workforce in the country, (especially in
rural areas.  They are actively contributing in agriculture, industry, banks,
telecommunication and marketing.

Madam Maryam Nawaz Sharif added, "PML(N) government is fully committed to
economic empowerment of women.  Government also wants to impart vocational
training to women through Youth Skill Development Scheme. Women would be
professionally trained in skills like cookery, bakery and would be provided a
monthly stipend worth 3-5 thousand rupees, for a period of 6 months. The
government will bear their fee. 800 million rupees have been allocated for this
programme".

The chairperson highlighted, "Government intends to promote entrepreneurial
skills in women.  Prime minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme has reserved 50%
loans for women.  This scheme includes many women-specific trades like bakery
and confectionary, catering and decoration services, montessori school, beauty
clinic, interior decoration, day care centre and boutique". She added, "Besides
the provision of business loans to the women, Government is also focused on
providing them technical through handholding programme".

Ms. Cathy Russell appreciated the efforts of the government for economic revival
of the country by empowering and engaging the youth, especially women, and
assured her country's maximum support in this regard.

Later in the day, Chairperson Prime minister's Youth Programme, Madam Maryam
Nawaz Sharif chaired meeting on Hand Holding Programme.  It was attended by a
young parliamentarian along with secretary Food Security and Research, Secretary
Industry, Secretary Information and other officers concerned.  A complete
overview of the Hand Holding programme was presented in the meeting.

The Chairperson asked the authorities concerned to devise a fool-proof framework
of the programme.  She also directed to gradually expand operations of this
programme so that business loan awardees throughout the country could benefit.
She added, "We would not only give cheques to the loan seekers but would also
assist them in running their businesses.  Special arrangements, if necessary,
should be made for this purpose".

The Chairperson also said, "Loan seekers should also be provided with all
necessary information by making use of modern technology, especially the
internet. A website should be developed carrying links of all the relevant
departments to provide all kind of information to facilitate people applying for
the loan".

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Start industries in rural areas, youths told

LENGTH: 245  words

DATELINE: Dindigul


Dindigul, Feb. 5 -- Youths should start industries in rural areas utilising
locally available raw materials to scale down production costs and improve rural
economy, said Collector T.N. Hariharan.


 Addressing an awareness expo on entrepreneurial opportunities for SC/ST youths
held at the Collectorate here on Thursday, he said that District Industries
Centre (DIC) had been arranging bank loans up to Rs. 1 crore without any
collateral security to young entrepreneurs to start industries or businesses.
 Twenty five per cent of the loan amount would be given as subsidy along with
three per cent interest grant to young entrepreneurs. Already, two Adi Dravida
youths had availed themselves of Rs. 1 crore with the help of the DIC for
setting up of power loom.
 The DIC had released a subsidy of Rs. 70.72 lakh to 41 entrepreneurs under New
Entrepreneur-cum-Enterprise Development Scheme (NEEDS) and Rs. 1.43 crore to 170
entrepreneurs under TAHDCO Scheme so far in this financial year. The main
objective of the expo was to create awareness among youths of the
entrepreneurial opportunities created by the government, he noted.
 The Collector appealed to Adi Dravida youths to avail themselves of the
opportunities to start rural industries.
 Several representatives of Dalit groups appealed to the government to introduce
reservation for Dalits in sanctioning industrial loans. They also demanded
simplification of loan procedures and speedy processing of loan applications.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

2.1 million forms downloaded for PM's Loan scheme

LENGTH: 216  words


The Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) website has
established new records of popularity among the masses and especially the youth,
after the announcement of Youth Business Loan scheme by Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif on December 07, 2013.

After the announcement of the scheme, more than one million pre-feasibility
studies were downloaded from SMEDA website taking the total number of downloads
to over a phenomenal 2.1 million! In fact the global ranking of SMEDA website,
with content in both English and Urdu, has improved from 505,489 to 79,488 and
it now ranks in the top 450 websites in Pakistan, moving from 15,764 to 449 in a
short span of 3 months. These downloads have been recorded in over 200 cities
and towns all over Pakistan.

SMEDA has established 25 special youth centres in 16 prominent cities for the
purpose of youth guidance, consultancy and technical support.

According to media reports, some students have appealed government to ease down
the terms and conditions imposed on acquiring these loans.

Here it is important to note that, the business loans to the youth would be
provided after taking guarantee from grade 15 or above government officers while
the candidates could also supply with guarantee of any businessman on basis of
their bank statements.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Govt involving private banks in PM Youth Loan Scheme

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 15 -- In order to diversify the Prime Minister Youth Business
Loan Scheme, the government has engaged private banks, chairperson of the scheme
confirmed to media.

Talking to media, scheme Chairperson Leila Khan said the government was aimed at
making this programme durable as it intended to help the youth in strengthening
their financial conditions.

"The government is sincere in its efforts to fulfil its promise which it made to
the youth with regard to assist them financially and the government had decided
to involve the private banks in the PM youth loan scheme," commented Leila Khan.

She said the government had disbursed the loan to almost 6,000 successful
candidates.

"Sindh Bank has already launched the scheme and has allocated Rs100 million for
the programme similarly, Habib Bank Limited (HBL) has agreed to collaborate with
the government in this programme and allocated Rs2 billion in this regard. Habib
Metropolitan Bank has also promised to allocate Rs2 billion for this programme.
Meezan Bank has also showed its interest in the scheme and has promised to
allocate Rs100 million in its first quarter. Beside this, the government is also
negotiating with Meezan Bank for the Islamic Banking as well," informed Leila
Khan.

Talking about the slow process of the scheme and delay in disbursement of the
loan among the beneficiaries, Leila Khan said the government could not force the
bank management and could dictate it on this matter. "The government has not
politicised this scheme and the bank management has been given free hand for
granting loan to the applicants after verifying all the requirements needed for
the loan," she commented.

She said the recovery percentage was more than 94 within the first year of loan
disbursement and this showed the success of this scheme. Leila Khan also
confirmed that the bank which is collaborating with the government in this
scheme had not contributed with the same spirit as the government wanted from
it. An official of the bank, however, dispelled this impression saying the bank
is not responsible for any delay in the scheme. He said the bank is following
transparent procedure and implementing checks required for just distribution of
loans under the scheme.

It is pertinent to mention here that the government has already disbursed Rs3.98
billion among the 5,700 successful candidates of the scheme so far. Whereas the
bank is disbursing the second tranche gradually after verifying the progress,
although the progress is a little bit slow but as per the top officials
affiliated with the scheme they want to make sure that loan amount is being
spent properly.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Post. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday

Govt to open more women hostels, young entrepreneurs to get loans: Shahid Bhutto

BYLINE:  GR Chandio

SECTION: Vol. III No. 1609

LENGTH: 219  words


The Government plans to open more female youth hostels in different cities and
will give loans to the youth to start small businesses, Federal Minister for
Youth Affairs, Shahid Hussain Bhutto, said on Tuesday. The Minister was speaking
to newsmen about special programmes of Ministry of Youth Affairs (MOYA), ahead
of International Youth Day on August 12. He said that the Ministry has initiated
different Youth- Oriented programmes including Rs.10,000 per month stipend and
one year job under National Internship Programme for more than 50,000 graduates
of the country while special livelihood packages for the youth of Balochistan,
Malakand & Rural Sindh had also been introduced.

He said that the Government would extend the project of female Youth Hostels for
working Women in different cities. He said that his Ministry had launched a
mobile computer literacy programme to educate rural areas' youth while under a
new scheme loans would be given to the youth for small business activities.

Shahid Bhutto said that in line with the mission of Shaheed Mohtarma Benazir
Bhutto to establish 100 Youth Development Centres, the Ministry has opened two
centres, having facilities like Gym, English Coaching, NIP offices and Youth
Hostels. He said that the youth centres project would be extended across the
country.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 997 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 2, 2017

                                Attijari Bank SA

                     24, rue Hedi Karray Centre Urbain Nord
                                   Tunis 1080
                                    Tunisia

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Attijari Bank SA (Attijari Bank) is a commercial bank. It provides a range of
banking and other financial products and services to individuals and businesses.
The bank provides products and services in the areas of personal and
professional banking, corporate banking, investment banking and international
banking. Its offering includes current accounts, savings accounts, certificate
of deposits, credit cards, debit cards, prepaid cards, travel cards, life
insurance, home loans, personal loans, vehicle loans and household equipment
loans. It also offers money transfer, mobile banking, phone banking, travel
assistance services, advisory services, foreign exchange services, international
banking services, branch banking services and cash optimization services. It is
a subsidiary of Attijariwafa Bank, a financial services company based in
Morocco. Attijari Bank is headquartered in Tunis, Tunisia.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Attijari Bank is a provider of banking and other financial products and
services, based in Tunisia. It provides personal and professional banking,
corporate banking, investment banking and international banking products and
services. It is a subsidiary of Attijariwafa Bank, based in Morocco. It also
offers its services through telephone banking, phone banking and Internet
banking. The bank operated through a network of 203 branches and business
centers across Tunisia. As of December 2015, the bank reported total deposits of
TND4.8 billion and total equity of TND457.1 million.

The bank classifies its products and services into five categories: Individuals,
Professionals, Companies, Youth and Tunisians Abroad.

The Individuals category provides banking products and services to individual
customers. Under this category, the bank offers services such as transfers,
overdrafts, ATM services, mobile banking, money transfers, phone banking, term
deposits, travel assistance services and insurance services. It also offers
products such as checkbook, payment cards, checking accounts, savings accounts,
credit and debit cards, travel cards, prepaid cards, treasury bonds, certificate
of deposits, value funds, investment funds, bond funds, pension plans and loan
products such as home loans, vehicle loans, personal loans and household
equipment loans.

Under the Professionals category, the bank offers banking products and services
to professionals. It offers treasury bills, advisory services, leasing, shopping
guarantee, life insurance, current accounts, debit and credit cards, payments
and money transfer services. It also provides short, medium and long term
funding.

The Companies category of the bank offers banking products and services to
corporate clients. The bank offers foreign exchange services, exchange
transactions, hedging exchange, investment schemes, investment currency, cash
management services, online trading, documentary collection, deposits, and
letter of guarantee. It also offers credit financing, credit pre-financing
export, advance on goods, seasonal crop credit, credit management, cash
optimization services, payment services, e-banking and current accounts.

The Youth category offers banking products and services to the youth. The
products offered include youth accounts, youth cards, checking accounts and
student cards. This category also offers financing services such as driving
school fees financing, computer/ laptop financing, and youth credit and debit
cards.

The Tunisians Abroad category of the bank offers banking products and services
to the clients living abroad. The products offered include savings accounts,
term accounts, checking accounts and accounts in foreign currency. The division
offers services such as transfer orders, housing credit and real time banking.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                              993 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Youth business loan to reduce unemployment: Amir

LENGTH: 224  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Advisor of Prime Minister, Engineer Amir Muqam, said that Youth Business Loan
Scheme has the first step toward fulfilling promises of PML(N) before election
through which the unemployment will be reduced to some extant in the Country.
Talking to delegation of FATA and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, PM Advisor Amir Muqam said
that Prime Minister Youth Scheme will take the country towards progress and
youth will take benefit from this scheme, adding that youth will lodged their
complaints directly to him regarding the transparency scheme. He added that all
the arrangements were done to make the scheme transparent and clear. "If any one
have complaint regarding the scheme in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and FATA they will
directly informed the advisor. Engineer Amir Muqam said that this was happened
first time in the history of country to allocate such a huge amount for youth
economic development which will also play a vital role in the development of
country.


He informed that through this scheme youth will start their own business,
adding, that not only the educated people will take advantage from the scheme,
however, "uneducated boys and girls will also get the loan.
He clarified that the loan will gave on merit basis and they will take the
notice instantly of complaints. "Decision against the merit will not allowed
regarding the scheme", he added.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Youth business loan to reduce unemployment: Amir

BYLINE:  Salman Yousafzai

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 777

LENGTH: 224  words


Advisor of Prime Minister, Engineer Amir Muqam, said that Youth Business Loan
Scheme has the first step toward fulfilling promises of PML(N) before election
through which the unemployment will be reduced to some extant in the Country.
Talking to delegation of FATA and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, PM Advisor Amir Muqam said
that Prime Minister Youth Scheme will take the country towards progress and
youth will take benefit from this scheme, adding that youth will lodged their
complaints directly to him regarding the transparency scheme. He added that all
the arrangements were done to make the scheme transparent and clear. "If any one
have complaint regarding the scheme in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and FATA they will
directly informed the advisor. Engineer Amir Muqam said that this was happened
first time in the history of country to allocate such a huge amount for youth
economic development which will also play a vital role in the development of
country.

He informed that through this scheme youth will start their own business,
adding, that not only the educated people will take advantage from the scheme,
however, "uneducated boys and girls will also get the loan.

He clarified that the loan will gave on merit basis and they will take the
notice instantly of complaints. "Decision against the merit will not allowed
regarding the scheme", he added.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

Pakistan: Govt striving hard to empower youth socially, economically: Leila

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 14 -- Chairperson Prime Minister's Youth Programme Leila Khan on
Wednesday said government is striving hard to empower youth socially and
economically through multiple interventions under the aegis of this programme.
She was addressing the participants of a function organized jointly by Young
Parliamentarians Forum (YPF) and UNDP Pakistan at Pakistan Institute of
Parliamentary Services (PIPS) in order to mark the International Youth Day, said
a press release.

Leila Khan added, "Prime Minister's Youth Programme is a flagship programme of
the PML-N government for socio-economic development of Pakistan. With a budget
outlay of Rs. 20 Billion, around 300,000 people are benefitting from its
different schemes annually". She explained, "Over Rs. 5 Billion has been
distributed as business loans among more than 6500 young entrepreneurs under
Prime Minister's Youth Business Loan Scheme. Under Prime Minister's Youth
Training Programme, to be launched very soon, government will extend 50,000
internships per year for 3 Years to Masters' degree (16 year education) and
Associate Diploma holders with 25 years of age. Rs 12000 stipend will be paid
per month per internee for the one-year internship period". Chairperson
emphasized,"25,000 students have passed out as skilled workers in more than 100
demand-driven trades under Prime Minister's Youth Skill Development Programme.
Madaris students along with disabled youth are also catered to in this
programme, so that they could live their life honorably by socially and
economically empowering themselves. Besides getting free vocational and
technical training, trainees are being paid monthly stipend of Rs.2,500 per
student. However, FATA students are being paid Rs. 3500 per month per student.
Under Interest Free Loan Scheme, more than Rs 1.3 Billion has been distributed
as 65000 small interest free loans among poorest of the poor people of 265 Union
Councils of 36 districts across the country". Leila Khan continued," Under Prime
Minister's Youth Laptop Scheme, around 100,000 laptops have been distributed
among all PhD, Mphil/MS and merit based Masters' & Bachelors' students
registered in HEC approved educational institutions across Pakistan. A
worth-mentioning fact is that under this programme, first time in the history of
Pakistan, a Local Assembly Unit has been installed. 1000 laptops have been
assembled locally in the first year. In the next four years, government is
planning to not only enhance the technical capacity of this unit, but to move
towards parts manufacturing and technology transfer. It will create lot of job
opportunities for the educated youth. Under Prime Minister's Fee Re-imbursement
Scheme, fee of almost 100,000 students of 78 universities (including
sub-campuses) and more than 40 colleges has been reimbursed so far". All these
initiatives induce a spirit of hope, confidence and encouragement among youth,
which is the real driving rather thriving force for any society to develop both
socially and economically

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      April 28, 2016 Thursday 12:47 PM GMT

Chelsea win fourth FA Youth Cup in five years - but where is their victorious
2012 team now?;
As the Blues celebrate yet another FA Youth Cup triumph, we look at how their
2012-winning vintage's careers are progressing

BYLINE: By Joe Mewis

SECTION: SPORT,SOCCER,SOCCER NEWS

LENGTH: 1000 words


Chelsea eased to their third consecutive - and fourth in five years - FA Youth
Cup win last night when they saw off Manchester City 3-1 at Stamford Bridge to
secure a 4-2 aggregate win .

With the young Blues also celebrating back-to-back UEFA Youth League trophies
following their win over Paris Saint-Germain earlier this month, the huge
investment that Roman Abramovich has made into the club's Academy appears to be
having an effect at youth level.

But one of the chief accusations levelled at Chelsea is their poor track record
of promoting youngsters into the first team, with John Terry being the last
homegrown player to command a regular first-team place.

Will this current batch of youngsters prove to be different?

While it it is too early to pass judgement on the current crop of Academy
hopefuls, it's worth checking in Chelsea's 2012 FA Youth Cup winners, who will
now be turning 22 years old and should be making waves in the first team, should
they are to become Blues regulars.

Here's a progress check on the Class of 2012, who saw off Blackburn 4-1 on
aggregate to lift the FA Youth Cup.

Still to make his Blues debut, goalkeeper Blackman is currently on loan at
Swedish side Ostersunds, where he has turned out six times this year.

Whilst on loan at Middlesbrough he helped the Championship side to a famous
penalty shootout win over Liverpool in the Capital One Cup, saving a penalty
from Raheem Sterling and then scoring one past Simon Mignolet.

Blackman is under contract at Stamford Bridge until 2019, but his short-term
first-team prospects appear slim, with Thibaut Courtois and Asmir Begovic well
ahead of him in the goalkeeping pecking order.

Defender Kane penned a new three-year deal at Chelsea at the start of this
season after clocking up no less than five loan moves since the 2012 FA Youth
Cup win. His best spell came at Blackburn, where turned out 41 times in 2013-14.

Currently in Holland with NEC Nijmegen, Kane has clocked up plenty of game time,
closing in on 100 first-team appearances, but has yet to cut his teeth at
Premier League level.

The Scottish defender is on loan at Norwegian side Stabaek, following stints at
Scunthorpe and Peterborough. Has only got as far as the under-21 team at Chelsea
and his current deal with Blues is up at the end of this season.

Finally a player with a bit of first-team experiance. The defender was blooded
into the Chelsea first-team in 2012, making a series of appearances before being
loaned to Reading and then Watford, where he has been in and out of the team
this season.

Still under contract at Stamford Bridge, this next season will be crucial for
the versatile Dutchman if he is to forge out a career with the Blues.

Wideman who was released form his Chelsea contract in June 2014. Now plying his
trade in non-league, moving to Guildford City on loan from Farnborough earlier
this season.

A definite miss.

One of the most highly-rated players from the 2012 squad, hopes are still high
that Chalobah has a future with the club.

Went on loan five times to Championship side following the Youth Cup win before
moving his leftfield loan to Napoli at the start of this season. Has failed to
get any meaningful game time at the Serie A side and will likely be sent out
again next season, as he enters the final two years of his current Stamford
Bridge deal.

Swedish midfielder who joined Chelsea in 2010 after the Blues beat off some of
Europe's biggest sides to land his signature.

Only got as far as the Chelsea reserve team though and was released in 2013.
After year-long spells at a number of German clubs, is currently back in Sweden
with AIK Stockholm.

Midfielder Swift has shown promise on loan at Championship side Brentford this
season after making his Chelsea first-team debut in 2014.

His form at Griffin Park has seen him land a place in the current England
Under-21 set-up and the box-to-box midfielder should be able to carve out a
productive Championship career at the very least, should he fail to get past the
oodles of midfielder talent at Stamford Bridge.

Stop us if you've heard this one before, but Feruz is another one that has gone
on a series of loan spells and yet to see any first-team action.

Penned a new deal in 2014 and has since had spells of OFI Crete, Blackpool and
Hibernian, with his spell in Scotland being cut short after he had made only six
substitute appearances.

He was last spotted on trial with Kazakhstan Premier League side Aktobe, but
left their warm-weather training camp in Turkey after a day.

Jose Mourinho said of Baker that if he does not become a senior England
international under his management, he should be blamed. While the Portuguese
did not last as long as he thought he would at Stamford Bridge, the Blues
hierarchy still have high hopes for the England Under-21 intenrational.

Currently on loan at Vitesse, Baker will be hoping to be involved with the Blues
first-team next season.

The Brazilian forward was given his first exposure to the Chelsea first team
under Andre Villas-Boas in 2012, when he won the Blues' Young Player of the Year
award.

Loan spells have followed since then and he is currently at Reading, where he
has been in and out of the team. Piazon's current deal runs until 2017.

The pacy nephew of Chris Kiwomya has seen his development stall in the last 12
month, returning early from a loan spell at Barnsley in 2015, before being
farmed out to League One side Fleetwood Town in February.

The England Under-21 midfielder came off the bench in the second leg of the 2012
final and has so far had the best of the Class of 2012.

Loftus-Cheek made his Blues first-team debut in December 2014 and has clocked up
a regular appearances under Jose Mourinho and Guus Hiddink. Penned a new
five-year deal in February and looks like he will be given every opportunity to
prove himself in the Chelsea first-team squad.

Perhaps tellingly, he is the only player in this list not to have been sent out
on loan.

Will Ruben Loftus-Cheek establish himself as a Chelsea first-team regular?

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

Loan woes for young business starters

LENGTH: 921 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 20 -- With the changing skyline of Kathmandu, a large number of
businesses have taken root in the capital.

Some are run by experienced old men with strong financial backing, while others
are managed by youth with very low financial support.

Kathmandu's corporate sector is growing, whether it is with the help of startup
businesses run by youth or by strong multinational businesses.

It all boils down to finance and sponsorship. In this scenario, it wouldn't be
wrong to say that the youth-run businesses of Kathmandu are facing various
problems collecting money and getting their businesses started up.

The youth of Nepal are well empowered and have dabbled in the complex world of
businesses from a very young age.

Ambitious and highly motivated, these young businessmen usually face the maximum
trouble while trying to collect the initial capital to bring the business to
life.

In most cases, this startup capital is collected personally by the businessmen
by selling parental assets or by working on a partnership with a friend with
money.

Opting for a bank's corporate loan seems to be out of the question for these
young entrepreneurs.

"It's ingrained in the Nepali society and in us to fear loans. We were brought
up with the general concept of people drowning in loans and people having to
liquidate their assets to repay their loans," says 28 year old Prabal Raj
Adhikari, Director at Nepal Mount Window, Hattisar.

"But looking at the loans provided by banks in Kathmandu, loans aren't very
favorable to young businessmen. The interest rates are too high and the
procedures too complicated, and there is also the ingrained fear of somehow not
being able to repay the loan," he adds.

Different banks have their own policies regarding corporate loans. But the youth
aren't discriminated against as anyone with his Nepali citizenship proof can
file for a corporate loan.

Policies, however, aren't exactly youth friendly. Even though all of these banks
have their own policies, applying for a good corporate loan requires the
business to have run for at least two years.

Various kinds of documentation need to be maintained and the business needs to
be making a profit to be considered for a loan.

"The loans provided by Nepali banks aren't really favorable to young
entrepreneurs primarily because of security. The loaning bank needs some kind of
assurance and the bank needs to make sure that investing in a business will not
result in a loss," says Partiva Dangol (name changed as per request), manager of
a corporate bank that she did not want named.

Another aspect of loans policies that seems to scare young entrepreneurs are the
collateral. Young entrepreneurs usually don't have any assets of their own and
offering parental assets as collateral would be risky for these entrepreneurs in
the event of business failure.

"People who have assets to offer as collateral can usually finance themselves
and people who are in need of loans usually don't have assets to offer. Even for
small amounts of loans, banks require collateral and documentation. I think this
is the main reason why bank loans aren't very favorable to young businessmen,"
Partiva adds.

"It depends on the class of the people. Entrepreneurs from high class families
with prior business knowledge have sufficient knowledge about loans and have
enough assets to provide as collateral. But the people who come from the middle
class or lower class have a very difficult time with bank loans. First of all,
they don't have enough awareness of these loans, and secondly, they don't
usually want to offer their assets as collateral," says an official at Nepal
Investment Bank.

Another reason why young people don't opt for loans could be the fact that they
still have learning to do and colleges to attend.

These young businessmen usually start small businesses for experience and
usually tend to go overseas for further studies.

This poses a problem for these businessmen as well as banks. Banks bind these
young businessmen to their businesses until the loans are fully paid. So this
restricts young energetic businessmen from furthering his education. And
education always comes first.

"It's not that young businessmen shy away from corporate loans. It's just that
banks make it very difficult for them to file for loans. Banks work on
collateral and many young businessmen don't have any collateral to offer.

In other countries, banks can even take good business models as collateral or
share in the business. But Nepal's banks only work with land, houses and cars
that many young businessmen can't offer," says Saurav Dhakal, 31, Director of
Research and Development at Nepal Infopark, a web and social media corporation.

"The interest rates are very high as well. 14-15% interest can be quite a lot
for businesses starting up. These businesses need some time to make a mark
before they actually start making profits," he adds.

With the blooming business industry in Nepal, a lot of financial difficulties
are being faced by young entrepreneurs. But the difficult situation that these
banks pose for young businesses makes it almost impossible for young businessmen
to opt for loans.

Young businessmen need more support to help the corporate industry grow and this
is where banks come into play and this is where change in loan policies is the
need of the times. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
