
                               1 of 12 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2014 University of Detroit Mercy School of Law

                     University of Detroit Mercy Law Review

                                   Fall, 2014

                     University of Detroit Mercy Law Review

                          91 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 317

LENGTH: 15509 words

NOTE: Cultivating Capital: A Look at the Issues Affecting Urban Farms as a
Business and How New Innovative Policy Changes at the Federal and State Level
Will Impact the Financial Sustainability of Urban Farms

NAME: William Semaan*

BIO: * William E. Semaan Jr. is a third-year student at the University of
Detroit Mercy School of Law. He would like to thank Professor Jacqueline Hand
for her guidance in planning and writing this Note. He would also like to thank
the Executive Board of Law Review for the opportunity to publish this Note.

HIGHLIGHT: John Greene is at a crossroads in his life. As a 29 year-old army
veteran living in Detroit, John cannot seem to find his niche in society after
his stint in Iraq. John attempted a career in sales, however working out of a
cubicle 40 hours a week was a difficult lifestyle to adapt to. As a true
outdoorsman, John has always held an interest in agriculture. Moreover, John has
always been an entrepreneur at heart and longed to start his own small business.
As a life-long Detroit native, John decides he wants to put his sales career
aside and start his own urban farm in Detroit.

TEXT:
 [*317]  Introduction

 Urban agriculture is experiencing a boom among American cities today. Over the
past two decades, urban agriculture has emerged as a movement to foster the
rehabilitation of ailing cities, supporting local economies, and providing
communities with access to fresh foods. n1 These efforts have typically taken
root in blighted American cities with dense populations and an abundance of
available land. n2 Urban agriculture enthusiasts see community gardens and urban
farms as a source of healthy food production, a potential source of income, and
a cost-effective way to utilize vacant land. n3 Unlike traditional agriculture,
urban agriculture is a more complex system, which encompasses a broad spectrum
of interests and benefits, from sustainable and organic methods of farming to
traditional activities associated with the production and distribution of food.
Although the upside seems measureless, the unfortunate truth is that urban farms
have yet to find success in the market economy. n4 "They may  [*318]  be at the
forefront of ecological sustainability, but economic sustainability eludes
them." n5

   In particular, one must wonder where the funding comes from for such a large
movement, and whether urban farmers can maintain a living off such an
unconventional business. Despite the demand from the community, many urban
farmers have struggled to secure sufficient capital to finance their projects.
n6 Urban farm entrepreneurs are finding that the traditional and archaic methods
of securing capital for agricultural ventures, such as government farm loans or
grants, are especially difficult to obtain due to the unique nature of urban
farming businesses. Fortunately, the path to stable funding for urban
agriculture businesses is in sight as mounting advocacy for new capital sources
has led to innovative policy changes at the federal and state level.

   This Note will analyze some of the financial and business-related concerns
many urban-farm entrepreneurs are facing today. Securing sufficient capital in
order to finance startup expenses is a crucial step in starting any business,
including urban farms. The first section will discuss reasons why urban farm
entrepreneurs are struggling to secure capital. As limited sources of available
capital for young and cash-strapped entrepreneurs impedes the development of
many urban farms, this Note will also discuss new and alternative sources of
available capital, including recently enacted legislation that would assist
urban farmers with securing microloans. The features of microloans include small
amounts, flexible payment periods, and a streamlined application process, which
make them an ideal source of capital for urban farm entrepreneurs.

   In the midst of financial ruin and home to the largest amount of abandoned
property in the country, Detroit fits the profile of a city urban farm
entrepreneurs flock to. As a result, Detroit has essentially become a test lab
for the urban agricultural movement. Therefore, this Note will use Detroit as a
case study in determining which factors are affecting urban farm entrepreneurs'
access to capital and the sustainability of urban farms as a business.

   Whether urban farming entrepreneurs are able to secure sufficient capital for
their businesses or not, it is essential for them to develop plausible business
strategies. This is because of the unconventional business nature of urban
agriculture, particularly its underlying  [*319]  environmental and social
goals, which urban farmers strive to fulfill in addition to making a living. For
this reason, it must be assessed whether there should be an alternative legal
status or business structure for businesses like urban farms that is better
suited to support their unique interests. Therefore, this Note will also explore
newly proposed legislation, including benefit corporation laws, as an
alternative status to traditional for-profit and non-profit businesses, and
whether this new status can help urban farms achieve their goals.

   I. Many Entrepreneurs Struggle to Secure Capital for Urban Farm Projects

 Among the first steps for John in starting his urban farm is determining which
type of crops his farm will produce and finding suitable land for his farm.
However, one of the most important steps and perhaps, the most troubling for
many young urban farmers is securing capital and financing his urban farm
business. Unfortunately, John did not save much money while in the army nor in
his short-lived sales career. With only a credit card and few thousand dollars
in a savings account to his name, John applies for a loan from the Farm Service
Agency in an effort to obtain enough funding for his urban farm.

   There is no doubt that Americans' preference for sustainable agriculture,
including organic farming and urban agriculture, has grown considerably in
recent years. n7 This growth is largely due to the changing agricultural
landscape of America over the past decade. America has experienced a shift in
agricultural policy favoring large commercial "mega-farms," which has led to the
erosion of the small family farm. However, this shift has also resulted in a
multitude of legal and environmental issues. n8 For this reason, our society has
become more conscious of environmental and health issues more than ever before.
Food safety fears, organically grown foods, nutrition, and an inclination to
support local farmers are just some of the reasons why American consumers prefer
organic and urban  [*320]  farming as the source of their food. n9 The
Department of Agriculture estimates that nearly fifteen percent of the world's
food is being grown in urban environments. n10 This number can only grow as over
80% of the American population is now living in urban areas. n11

   In the past two decades, America has seen a significant growth in organic
farming. n12 Due to the lack of statistical research measuring the progress of
urban agriculture, statistics of organic farming can be used to capture similar
general trends in America since the similarities between organic and urban
farming are vast and the majority of urban farms employ organic methods. n13
Organic food sales grew from $ 1 billion in 1990 to $ 26.7 billion in 2010 and
almost seventy percent of U.S. consumers now purchase organic products. n14
Despite this significant growth, a majority of organic farms remain small. n15
Studies indicate that such rapid growth in the organic food market has
overwhelmed organic farmers to the point where they cannot match the pace of
expansion with increases in farm production. n16 This rationale is supported by
the fact that a majority of organic farms are family-based operations;
approximately eighty-five percent of organic farms are listed as either sole
proprietorships or family partnerships, and a majority of organic farms generate
less than $ 25,000 in sales. n17 These statistics suggest that the overall
growth of the organic farm  [*321]  industry "tends to be more accounted for by
business start-ups" as opposed to the expansion of existing businesses. n18
Among the slew of factors this trend could be attributed to include the business
structures, philosophies, management styles, and mentalities of organic farmers,
which distinguishes them from operators of traditional and conventional farms.
n19

   Determining how to finance operations is a crucial step to starting any
business. Many entrepreneurs planning to start their own small-scale urban farms
have struggled to secure capital to finance their projects. n20 Among the
various issues contributing to this problem is the fact that urban farmers tend
to be young and newly-minted entrepreneurs. n21 Many young entrepreneurs seeking
their first business endeavor often have little business acumen or no financial
track record to prove financial viability. n22 Another reason is that urban
agriculture is such an unconventional business that traditional and established
methods of business valuation do not apply. n23 Furthermore, part of the problem
is that starting a small-scale urban farm requires fairly small amounts of
money, which, in many cases, may fall short of typical lending standards or is
likely not feasible when lending transactions costs are factored in. n24 As a
result of their struggles to secure capital, many urban-farm entrepreneurs have
turned to their credit cards in order to finance their business operations. n25
Cash-strapped urban famers may be forced to put thousands of dollars' worth of
expenses on a credit card, which is a mistake for a large farm, but may prove to
be devastating for small-scale urban farms. n26

   These financing troubles were demonstrated in a small survey of local Detroit
food and farming entrepreneurs assessing how they approach funding their
operations. n27 Among the surveyed, only five percent claimed they had
successfully obtained commercial bank loans. n28 Sixty-two percent  [*322]  of
the entrepreneurs said they used personal savings and credit cards, twenty-six
percent of which said they planned on using personal savings and credit cards in
the future. n29 Furthermore, sixty-four percent wished to finance their
operations with grants and donations, but only forty-five percent had
successfully done so. n30 Because this problem is so critical, legislatures have
finally responded. Indeed, Congress and state legislatures, along with a number
of public and private organizations, have established special loan programs
specifically designed for smaller organic and urban farms.

   II. The Features and Characteristics of Microloans Fit the Needs of Small
Urban Farms and May Be the Most Effective Source of Capital for Young Urban
Farming Entrepreneurs

 John decides he is going to grow a variety of vegetables on his urban farm and
sets his sights on a half-acre plot of land on the east side of Detroit. After
spending weeks searching for a FSA loan, which included filling out paper work
and trying to meet all of loan's strict requirements for applicants, a
frustrated John was not able to find a suitable loan that matched the needs of
his urban farm business. Given the fact that John only had limited farming and
business experience, he could not meet all of the qualifications of the federal
farm loans available to made available to urban-farm entrepreneurs. With such
limited farming and business experience, John just could not meet the
qualifications of the available federal farm loans.

   A. Problems with Traditional Farm Service Agency Farmer Loans

 Many of the traditional agricultural loans offered by the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) loaning arm, the Farm Service Agency (FSA),
are archaic and do not fit the needs of this generation of urban farm
entrepreneurs. n31 The typical young and inexperienced urban-farm entrepreneur
seeking a traditional FSA loan is often rejected because those types of loans
are designed to support revenues estimated from large monocrop farms as opposed
to smaller-scale community supported agriculture operations with varying crops
yielding different margins throughout the year. n32 Also, traditional lending
channels tend to shy away from such unconventional businesses for which
production output bears  [*323]  such uncertainty. Because crops from urban
farms are seasonal and perishable, "farmers often must invest quickly or risk
losing their inventory." n33 For these reasons, commercial bank loans and
traditional government loans are often difficult to obtain for urban farm
entrepreneurs.

   Another problem urban farmers face in applying for a FSA loan is the
stringent qualifications applicants must satisfy in order to be eligible for a
loan. Take for instance a young entrepreneur with little or no agricultural
experience applying for FSA's Beginning Farmers and Ranchers loan. n34 According
to the FSA, a beginning farmer is defined as one who: "has not operated a farm
for more than 10 years, does not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the median size farm in the country[,] ... meets the loan eligibility
requirements of the program to which he/she is applying, and substantially
participates in the [farm] operation." n35 Furthermore, in order to meet the
loan eligibility requirements for the Beginning Farmers and Ranchers loan, all
applicants "must have participated in the business operation of a farm for at
least three years out of the ten years prior to the date the application is
submitted," and the applicant "must make a cash down payment of at least 5
percent of the purchase price." n36 This preliminary requirement alone, among
many others, is unlikely to be met by many beginning and inexperienced
entrepreneurs. These requirements, combined with the complex application process
and extensive paperwork, often drives young farmers to turn to high-interest
credit cards to avoid the hassle. n37

   B. FSA Microloan Program

 In many cases, urban farm entrepreneurs in the beginning stages of their
project require only small amounts of funding for specific capital investments.
n38 This need seems to fit the goal of microloans. For this reason, microloans
could prove to be one of the most effective sources of capital for young urban
farming entrepreneurs. In January of 2013, the FSA launched its microloan
program to serve the needs of smaller farming operations, such as specialty crop
producers and operators of community supported agriculture. n39 The microloan
program is the result of an  [*324]  amendment to the federal Agriculture Reform
and Risk Management Act of 2012, known as the Farm Bill. n40 This amendment was
among the first actions Congress took in acknowledging the importance of
sustainable and locally grown agriculture.

   The concept of micro-lending was initially conceived in South Asia as a form
of financial development primarily focused on alleviating poverty by providing
financial assistance to the poor. n41 Micro-lending caters to low-income
households that typically are unable to secure loans through regular lending
channels as banks tend to view these borrowers as "non-bankable clients," with
high credit risks and small loans requests. n42 Despite skepticism by regular
lending channels, the micro-lending concept proved to be a successful movement.
n43 As microfinance institutions began operating around the world, a majority of
them reported successful operations due to effective poverty alleviation and
loan repayment rates of over 90 percent. n44 Microfinance has been a regular
practice in the United States since the 1980s; however, it was not introduced to
the agricultural industry until the establishment of the USDA's microloan
program in early 2013. n45

   1. Microloan Application Process

 In implementing the microloan program, the FSA has focused on streamlining the
application process and providing a longer payment period. n46 Microloans are
funded through FSA's Direct Operating Loan program and have a maximum amount of
$ 35,000, as opposed to the $ 300,000 loan cap for traditional FSA
farm-operating loans. n47 Applicants are required to secure these microloans
with collateral in the form of farm property worth at least 100 percent of the
loan amount. n48 FSA's microloan program features a more simplified and
efficient application process,  [*325]  including less paperwork and the use of
online applications. These features appear better suited to meet the
business-related needs of young and inexperienced entrepreneurs than traditional
farm loans do.

   2. Prior Farming Experience

 In contrast with traditionally strict FSA farm loan qualifications requiring a
great deal of prior experience working on a farm, microloan applicants are given
additional flexibility in meeting FSA's farm experience requirements. n49 For
microloans, experience may now include: small business practice, self-directed
apprenticeships, or involvement with an agricultural organization, such as
Future Farmers of America, farm-incubator programs, or community-based farm
training organizations. n50 These experience requirements fit the profile of
many urban farm entrepreneurs - young, cash-strapped, and with limited farming
experience.

   3. Itemized Cash-Flow & Past Yields

 Another feature urban farmers may find favorable is that FSA microloans do not
require an itemized cash-flow budget for microloan applicants. n51 An itemized
cash-flow budget, which was found in previous FSA loans, required farmers, such
as diverse vegetable growers, to develop cash-flow reports for each crop. n52
This process is tedious and is not a representative measure of success,
especially for urban farmers. n53 Another feature of FSA microloans is that
farmers are no longer required to report past yields. n54 Rather, microloan
"applicants can provide other forms of documentation such as operator's sales
receipts, financial statements, contracts, or tax returns." n55 This feature
especially benefits entrepreneurs without much farming experience.

   4. Results of the FSA Microloan Program

 Since the program's launch in January of 2013, statistics show that a solid
number of farmers have utilized FSA's microloan program. From  [*326]  January
to the close of the fiscal year, September 30, 2013, FSA made a total of 3,433
microloans in all fifty states. n56 FSA branches across the country were able to
provide over $ 66.8 million in microloans assisting beginning and smaller-scale
farmers to pay annual operating expenses such as seed, rent, and insurance. n57
The amount of microloans made in 2013 accounted for a quarter of all loans made
through FSA's Direct Operating Loan program. n58

   Perhaps one of the most encouraging signs that the FSA microloan program
could find success as a viable source of capital for urban farmers is that 68
percent of all microloans issued in the program's first year were made to
beginning farmers. n59 Furthermore, the majority of famers that received a
microloan in 2013 have received their first FSA loan. This is an indication that
the FSA microloan program may be reaching farmers unable to secure credit from
other sources. This is especially promising for entrepreneurs with minimal
agricultural experience looking to start an urban farm. n60

   5. Agricultural Act of 2014 Improvements to the FSA Microloan Programs

 Although FSA's microloan program has been relatively successful since its
establishment in 2013, further amendments were made to the Farm Bill in January
of 2014 when President Obama signed into law the Agricultural Act of 2014. n61
The new Farm Bill generally increases funding for urban agriculture, including $
150 million designated to Farmers Markets and Local Food Promotion among other
similar food programs. n62 Although spending increases for urban farming and
sustainable agriculture were not necessarily substantial, it does indicate that
Congress undoubtedly believes urban agriculture and other sustainable food
programs are effective and will likely play a large role in the future of
agriculture. Congress demonstrated this sentiment in one of the key features of
the new  [*327]  Farm bill - the permanent implementation of the FSA's microloan
program. n63

   In addition to its permanent implementation of the FSA microloan program, the
new Farm Bill includes some minor improvements to the program. Among the most
significant improvements is the exemption of microloans from term limits. These
term limits, which otherwise apply to direct operation loans, restrict the
number of years borrowers are eligible for FSA loans. n64 Term limits are often
viewed as inflexible limitations that leave farmers with no options or
exceptions in the case of natural disasters or drastic market slides. n65
Consequently, microloans made to beginning farmers are exempt from any term
limits. n66 This exemption is intended to keep young farmers from being
discouraged to seek a microloan when surpassing their term limit could inhibit
their eligibility in the future to receive other FSA loans once they have
sustained or expanded their operations. n67 The amendments focus particularly on
young farmers, as the bill will invest $ 444 million directly into beginning,
veteran, and socially disadvantaged farmer initiatives over the next ten years.
n68 The spending for the new bill represents a 154 percent increase over the
previous farm bill, which further supports the notion that Congress recognizes a
need to address the next generation of farmers. n69

   Overall, the new Farm Bill indicates Congress' commitment to steer
agricultural policy in the direction of sustainable agriculture for the future.
The most significant program of microloans features patient and flexible terms,
a more simplified application process, and smaller loan amounts, making them
ideal for initial start-up expenses for urban farms. This would typically
include annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, and land rents. It
could also include marketing and distribution expenses, family living expenses,
purchase of livestock, equipment, and other materials essential to farm
operations, like essential tools, irrigation, and delivery vehicles. n70

[*328]

   C. The Numerous Amounts of Federal Grant Programs Provided by the USDA are
Largely Unavailing for Small-Scale Urban Farmers

 Though microloans could prove to be a very effective source of capital for
urban farmers, they are not for everyone. One particular issue with microloans
is that they "must be very focused in their funding goals, otherwise the
coordination costs may not be worth the effort for such small amounts of money."
n71 An alternative or additional source of capital is grant programs. Grant
programs are offered from a variety of different sources, many of which are
designed specifically to fund urban farm projects. However, as many urban farm
entrepreneurs believe some type of grant will finance at least a portion of
their farms, many come to realize the difficulties involved with securing a
grant. n72 Federal grant programs offer a number of different grants to farmers,
yet they are not a reliable source of capital for urban farms, as evidenced by
the fact that only about 18 percent of submitted proposals for the UDSA's
Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program were awarded a grant in 2013.
n73

   Grants are nothing new to urban farmers as many rely heavily on grants for
funding. n74 The primary reason why federal grant programs are typically
ineffective for urban farm entrepreneurs is because the amount and timing of the
grants rely on a notoriously unpredictable and frustrating process. n75 The
difficulty and uncertainty involved with securing grants often leads to young
urban-farming entrepreneurs turning to simpler and quicker financing means, such
as credit cards. n76

   Nevertheless, there are some grants that, if awarded, may assist urban farms
in their financial goals. An example of a favorable federal grant program for
urban farmers is the Community Food Projects Competitive Grant Program (CFP).
n77 This program is designed to fund non-profit organizations for projects that
meet the food related needs of low-income people by expanding their communities'
capacities to provide sufficient amounts of food for its residents. n78 The CFP
also funds projects that create  [*329]  marketing activities to benefit both
agricultural producers and low-income consumers, as well as projects for
infrastructure improvement and development in order to meet local food and
agricultural needs. n79 Also, private non-profit organizations in collaboration
with local government are eligible to receive funding as well. n80 The type of
communities that the CFP grant program targets are the same communities likely
to have a significant urban agriculture practice - low-income communities with
weak infrastructures.

   1. Problems with Community Food Project (CFP)

 As CFP grants seem like an ideal loan for urban agriculture projects, it is
likely to be out of range for small-scale urban farmers in the beginning stages.
For instance, to be considered for a CFP grant, organizations must have
experience in either community food work, job training, or business development.
n81 A CFP grant also requires a dollar-for-dollar match of resources provided.
n82 Accordingly, young farmers are expected to secure their own sources of
funding as well. n83

   Furthermore, the CFP grant program receives $ 5 million a year in mandatory
funding. n84 This means that CFP grants may only fund non-profit organizations
in amounts anywhere from $ 10,000 to $ 300,000. n85 It would be impractical for
urban farmers to rely on such a competitive source for funds. Also,
entrepreneurs hoping to start an urban farm business usually require small
amounts of funding, much less than the minimum amount of a CFP grant. n86 While
the Agricultural Act of 2014 provided some modifications to the CFP grant
program, including increasing the mandatory funding to $ 9 million and a
two-year extension of the grant period, the changes will not take effect until
2015. n87 Consequently, many small-scale urban farmers are unlikely to meet the
demanding requirements of a CFP grant.

[*330]

   III. Detroit as a Case Study: Urban Farm Entrepreneurs Should Focus More on
Developing Plausible Business Plans Rather Than Focusing on Securing Capital

 After extensively researching different agricultural techniques, John Green
begins to calculate his potential expenses. John is planning to start a
mid-sized vegetable farm on a plot of land about a half-acre in size. He
anticipates his likely expenses to include: a rototiller, coolers, a seeder,
standard tools, harvesting bins, hoses, sales and marketing. n88 A rototiller is
a motorized plow used to cultivate the soil, costing roughly $ 4,500. n89 Two
produce coolers would cost around $ 4,000 and are necessary to store fresh
vegetables and prevent spoilage. n90 Standard tools and equipment would cost
around $ 1,000. n91 As for sales and marketing, John projects it will cost
approximately $ 500, which would likely include tables at a farmers market,
display baskets, a digital scale, among other items necessary to market and sell
products. n92 Accordingly, expenses total approximately $ 10,000, which is not a
trivial amount of money for someone with limited funds. If he were to apply for
a $ 10,000 FSA microloan and actually receive one, John wonders if he would be
able to pay back the loan within a year, let alone turn a profit. n93

   In recent years, Detroit has become the home of a growing network of urban
farms and gardens. n94 Urban agriculture is not a new concept to Detroit, as the
"community garden movement" in the United States originated in Detroit during
the depression of the 1890s. n95 The movement was the result of a relief program
established by then Detroit Mayor Hazen Pingree. Mayor Pingree's program donated
vacant land for community gardens in an effort to alleviate unemployment and
supplement the diets of Detroit residents. n96 Today, as Detroit faces
substantial socioeconomic issues, including bankruptcy, many champion the idea
of rehabilitating the  [*331]  city with urban agriculture. n97 Detroit has
become one of the most attractive destinations for many urban farm
entrepreneurs, largely due to the abundance of vacant land in the city. n98
Currently, there is almost fifty square miles of vacant land in Detroit, which
is the equivalent of a 30,000 acre farm. n99 There is a demand for
locally-produced food in Detroit communities; however, the struggle for food
entrepreneurs to secure capital is especially prevalent in Detroit, a problem
which has been further exacerbated by the city's bankruptcy. n100

   Despite increased spending by Congress aimed at expanding the practice of
organic and urban agriculture in America, it is still unclear whether urban
farms can survive as a business in the long run. n101 Part of the problem is
that the scarcity of capital has urban farm entrepreneurs focusing on money
causing them to overlook other pivotal steps to forming maintaining a business.
n102 Among the various business and financial-related obstacles preventing urban
farms from being successful businesses, there are two significant factors from
which many problems can be traced: (1) a lack of business experience and (2) a
lack of farming experience. While these two factors may seem broad in scope and
somewhat vague, it is still of paramount importance for any entrepreneur to
develop a plausible business strategy before starting a business, including one
centered around urban farming practices.

   A. Are FSA Microloans Reaching Urban Farmers?

 While statistics initially indicated a fairly successful start for the FSA
microloan program in its first year, they also show geographical, agricultural,
and demographical disparities. n103 For instance, a vast majority of states made
fewer than 100 microloans to farmers in their states. For example, Michigan made
less than 50 microloans in all of 2013. n104  [*332]  Furthermore, just six
states accounted for almost a third of all microloans issued in the entire
country: Mississippi, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, West Virginia, and North
Carolina. n105 While this may signal that some states are finding more success
reaching out to farmers or training their FSA loan agents, it also suggests
microloans are not reaching urban farmers.

   The six states that issued the most microloans all lie in the Appalachian and
Southern region of the country and have an average farm size of 180 acres. n106
Although 180 acres is much smaller than the national average of 418 acres, n107
urban farms are rarely ever that large. n108 Also, with the exception of
Nashville, there are no major cities with significant urban agriculture
practices located in those top six states. n109 Perhaps it may be imprudent to
jump to conclusions as to the results of the FSA microloan program in its first
year, yet these statistics do suggest that urban farmers may not be benefitting
from FSA microloans as expected, even when the program was specifically designed
for such farms. n110 One prominent Detroit food advocate running a food
enterprise incubator believes many urban farm entrepreneurs hear about the
scarcity of capital in Detroit and think they need to get their hands on money
rather than focusing more attention on what they would need the money for or how
they will pay it back. n111 Instead a more thorough preparation in business
structure can lead to more financing options, since "funding opportunities
depend on both legal structure and chronological stage." n112

   One loan agent from a Farm Service Agency branch in Michigan believes one of
the biggest problems with urban farm entrepreneurs in  [*333]  Detroit is
agricultural inexperience. n113 The loan agent claims that the lack of farming
knowledge and experience affects the urban farmer's business plan, no matter how
business savvy he may be. n114 When farmers lack the knowledge about what it
takes to grow crops, they are more likely to miscalculate expenditures and less
likely to foresee potential risks. n115 For these reasons, among others, this
Michigan loan agent has yet to offer one microloan to any borrower after a year
of the program's establishment. Additionally, the loan agent maintains that
another reason he has not approved any microloans is that he does not know how
to access clientele. n116 Although some have inquired about microloans, many
Detroit urban-farm entrepreneurs are either unaware or uneducated about the
FSA's microloan program. n117

   Moreover, for the few that have inquired about loans and other available
funding, many lack adequate farming knowledge to demonstrate a plausible
business plan to FSA loan agents. n118 "Most [urban farmers in Detroit] have
great ideas, but lack the knowledge to put them into work." n119 For instance,
the current conventional wisdom of beginning urban farmers and potential
borrowers in Detroit is that machinery is required to produce crops before there
are even crops in the ground. n120 This type of thinking can lead to financial
ruin for urban farmers, as there are many crops that can be produced without
machinery. n121 With the right piece of land, there are many different crops
that urban farmers can grow for the price of seed, fertilizer, and a simple
shovel. n122 Such problems are directly related to business knowledge and
farming experience. Because FSA loan agents only require minimal information and
experience from first-time microloan borrowers, and because loans must be repaid
within twelve months, many  [*334]  farmers may lack enough production in one
year to be able to pay back their debts. n123

   B. Analyzing How Capital Would be Appropriated for Urban Farm Start-Up
Expenses Using Examples

 Take John Green for example. n124 John's crops would receive little return
value because production costs are especially high during an urban farmer's
first year. Also, if machinery is involved in the operation, it serves as
security to the loan along with the crops. n125 This means that if John's crops
fail in the first year, for whatever reason, he must still liquidate the
machinery to pay back the loan, which would be devastating to his business. As a
result, John should focus on growing inexpensive crops that give volume return,
such as lettuce, tomatoes, bell peppers, garlic, or squash. n126 Even if John's
farm yields a successful harvest in the first year, the total cost of production
listed above does not include operating expenses for things such as seeds,
transportation, and farmers market fees. Depending on a number of factors
including sales goals and labor costs, operating expenses could come to an
additional $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 in costs per year. n127 Consequently, if a
microloan were granted for around $ 10,000, John Green's primary goal would be
to sell enough crops to pay back the loan, before any thought of expanding
operations. n128

   To better understand the financial difficulties involved with starting an
urban farm, it is also necessary to evaluate actual results. In one study
examining whether urban farmers in both commercial and non-profit settings
earned a living, around 66 percent reported that they did not earn a living.
n129 For instance, the owners of Lily City Gardens, a three-quarter acre urban
vegetable farm in San Francisco, considered their salary to be "embarrassing"
after a year of production. n130 In Lily City Gardens' first year of production
and sales, it marketed its produce to restaurants,  [*335]  caterers, and the
public out of a farm stand. n131 The owners reported that their revenue from
that year allowed them to cover costs, set aside money for the next year, and to
pay themselves a salary of $ 10,000. n132 They acknowledged that they could not
sustain such a small salary for too long, and that it was not even considered a
living wage in San Francisco. n133

   C. Agricultural Act of 2014 Addressing Issues of Educating Urban Farmers in
Agricultural and Business Practices

 Congress did in fact address the issue of educating urban farmers with business
and agricultural practices in the recently enacted Agricultural Act of 2014. One
of the most significant provisions in the new Farm Bill involves educating
recipients of FSA microloans through a new intermediary lending pilot program.
n134 As mentioned above, it is important to provide financial education and
counseling to first-time borrowers as many tend to have limited business
experience. n135 This provision of the new Farm Bill, which is modeled after the
successful Intermediary Relending Program & Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program, would allow the USDA and the FSA to work with intermediary lenders to
not only service microloans, but also to provide technical assistance to
borrowers and to assist in outreach and financial education to prospective
applicants. n136 In receiving such education, borrowers are likely to gain a
better understanding of how microloans operate and should be able to make more
competent business decisions as to how they appropriate their funds.

   The new Farm Bill also improves the way microloans are distributed. One
obstacle preventing FSA offices from making more microloans is the ability of
their already hard-pressed loan agents to service their existing loans, let
alone asking them to provide technical assistance and counseling to the
increasing number of first-time borrowers who would potentially be interested in
microloans. n137 As a result, a provision in the new Farm Bill gives the USDA
authority to partner with private, non-profit, and other public institutions in
order to utilize the expertise and assistance of institutions already engaged in
offering microloans, such as Non-Governmental Organizations, Community Financial
Institutions, and State Departments of Agriculture. n138 This provision should
streamline the  [*336]  microloan distribution process by providing FSA loan
agents with assistance to inform more prospective borrowers and supply better
service.

   On the other hand, some programs, which would have been beneficial to urban
farmers, were cut from the new Farm Bill. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Individual Development Account program was intended to assist beginner farmers
having only limited financial resources with obtaining sufficient capital for
their farm businesses. n139 The program was created in the last farm bill, but
never received enough funding. n140 The new Farm Bill also cut funding nearly in
half for the well-established Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged
Farmer and Ranchers program, also known as the Section 2501 program, which has
been operating since the 1990s. n141 This program has helped many
underprivileged farmers, including minority farmers whose participation in
federal farm programs has historically been lower than other groups, gain access
to federal programs. n142 The Section 2501 program has also been successful in
creating valuable partnerships between the USDA and community based
organizations that work with socially disadvantaged farmers to assist them in
obtaining credit, conservation, and development programs. n143 This program
might have proved useful for urban farms.

   D. Non-Profit Organizations Provide a More Business-Oriented Approach

 In addition to the federal government, there are many public, private, and
non-profit organizations that provide a variety of services for urban farmers.
Some non-profit organizations have even established their own lending programs
designed to fit the needs of urban farms. n144 A distinct feature in many of
these organizations is their tendency to provide valuable business and
educational assistance to urban farm entrepreneurs. n145 Urban famers should
take advantage of such organizations, like Fair Food  [*337]  Network and
Greening of Detroit, which are committed to assisting food and farm
entrepreneurs in their business needs. n146

   The Fair Food Network is a Michigan-based non-profit organization "dedicated
to building a more just and sustainable national food system." n147 Its work
largely focuses on assisting food and farm entrepreneurs by strengthening
funding strategies, expanding networks, and sharing knowledge. n148 Fair Food
Network has also launched its own microloan program that can be tailored to
small-scale urban farming operations. n149 Fair Food Network's microloan program
features more flexible and patient terms, including adjustable interest rates
and loan durations that can adjust in accordance with a business's fluctuations.
n150 In addition, the loans do not require a history of strong profits, although
borrowers do have to have a credible business plan. n151 Above all, the Fair
Food Network's ability to bring local food entrepreneurs together could be
especially beneficial. Fair Food Network often organizes gatherings where local
urban agriculture entrepreneurs meet with investors with an interest in
supporting local food-related programs. n152

   Greening of Detroit is a non-profit resource agency, which maintains a
slightly different approach from Fair Food Network. n153 Greening of Detroit
focuses more on providing agricultural and environmental education to urban
farmers, and often partners with corporations, foundations, federal, state and
local agencies, including the USDA. n154 It has collaborated with several
schools to create garden-based curricula and it hosts an adult apprenticeship
education program," which provides "hands-on training in farming, agricultural
education, and building community relationships." n155 Furthermore, Greening of
Detroit provides technical assistance to urban farmers "in season extension
tools and solar passive greenhouse construction," while also providing garden
resources, such as "soil testing, tilling, raised bed construction and water
catchment systems to gardens across the city." n156 Assistance with such
resources can be extremely  [*338]  valuable to many urban farm entrepreneurs
with minimal farming experience in order to operate more efficiently and avoid
costly mistakes.

   While focusing on business strategy and financial planning can help
entrepreneurs successfully start their urban farm operations, it is still
unclear whether urban farmers can make a living and maintain their businesses in
the future. In order to explore this question, it is necessary to start with a
broad approach that considers the various ends pursued through urban agriculture
rather than discussions based on narrow analyses of empirical data. The
underlying motivations of urban agriculture are developing local food systems,
strengthening food security, reducing food waste, promoting nutritional food,
and expanding the economic base of cities, especially in underprivileged
communities. n157 Accordingly, the ethical and moral nature of these goals
suggests that urban agriculture is about much more than merely turning a profit.

   IV. Benefit Corporations: Innovative Policy Changes Involving a New Benefit
Corporation Structure are being Proposed in Many State Legislatures that could
Greatly Benefit Urban Farming Businesses

 Regardless of the ethical and moral goals, urban farms still face the same
issues all farms do, including the cost of land and farm debt. n158 While
profit-driven commercial farms may deal with these general farm pressures in
terms of economics and cost-efficiency, urban farms may face difficulties
dealing with these same issues because of their unique aspirations. For this
reason, a traditional for-profit business structure for an enterprise that
focuses on social and environmental goals as opposed to commercial ones may not
be viable. But what if urban farms wish to maintain their for-profit activities
in addition to their social and environmental benefits?

   Fortunately, this debate has sparked innovative policy changes in state
legislatures across the country. These policies attempt to address the unique
needs of for-profit, mission-driven businesses. In terms of legal status and
business structure, the binary federal system divides all business entities into
for-profit or non-profit status. n159 A new legal business status called
"benefit corporations" would allow businesses to work as a hybrid of  [*339]  a
non-profit and for-profit entity. n160 Benefit corporation laws have already
been enacted in twenty states so far, and have been introduced to another
sixteen state legislatures. n161 Benefit-corporation status could be an ideal
scenario for urban farm businesses.

   Benefit-corporation laws would formalize a new for-profit legal structure in
which directors would have to take social and environmental considerations into
account. n162 This is a deviation from the traditional for-profit model, which
requires directors to act in the best interests of the shareholders solely by
maximizing their investments. n163 With benefit corporations, "business leaders
would be less beholden to the pursuit of maximum returns, and can more easily
bolster sustainability without being accused of breaching their fiduciary duty
to shareholders." n164 Since many urban farmers may wish to make a living while
maintaining social and environmental benefits, they should be able to "receive
investments based on outcomes beyond pure finances." n165 For this reason, a
benefit corporation business structure for urban farms could foster better
relationships with investors. n166

   A. Benefit Corporation Legislation Introduced in Michigan

 In Michigan, House Bill 4615 and 4616 were proposed in 2011, both of which
would allow benefit corporation status for businesses in Michigan. n167 The main
features of these bills imposed fiduciary obligations on many of the corporate
officers and board members, requiring them to consider the social benefits of
their actions. n168 Businesses would also be  [*340]  protected from shareholder
lawsuits accusing business leaders of breaching their fiduciary duty if
businesses focus on social benefits rather than maximizing profits. n169
Furthermore, new businesses with benefit corporation status would be required to
file basic information with the state, as normal corporations do, while
reporting annually on their social and environmental progress and impact. n170

   Michigan's proposed benefit-corporation bill would be similar to the benefit
corporation law already enacted by Vermont in 2011. n171 Like most, Vermont's
benefit corporation law thoroughly addresses the issue of transparency in
companies claiming that they are "green." n172 This is done through an annual
report, as benefit corporations in Vermont are legally obligated to operate in
accordance with independent, third party standards, observed by a third party
entity known as B Corp. n173 These "Benefit Reports" describe the corporation's
"public benefit goals," what actions were "taken during the year to meet those
goals," and assessment of "social and environmental performance." n174 The
Benefit Report is prepared in accordance with the third party standards, which
gives shareholders the authority to approve or reject the report. n175

   B. Forming a Benefit Corporation in Vermont

 Forming a Vermont Benefit Corporation is similar to forming a traditional
for-profit corporation. First, Articles of Incorporation are drafted and filed
with the Secretary of State. n176 Then, just as traditional corporations are
required, incorporators of a benefit corporation "must decide whether the
business will be a closed or general corporation and further decide the
company's tax status." n177 These incorporators must also designate the fiscal
year, the number, and class of shares, and establish a Board of Directors. n178
Also, under the law, an existing business corporation may be changed to a
benefit corporation through amending its  [*341]  existing Articles of
Incorporation to add the statement: "this corporation is a benefit corporation."
n179 Furthermore, this law allows businesses to merge with an existing benefit
corporation. n180

   One of the most significant differences between a traditional for-profit
business and Vermont benefit corporations is their treatment of "corporate
purpose." n181 Under Vermont law, the purpose of a traditional corporation,
unless limited by its Articles of Incorporation, is to engage in any "lawful
business unless a more limited purpose is set forth in the articles of
incorporation." n182 In addition to these purposes, business corporations also
"have the purpose of creating general public benefit," which may also serve as a
limitation on other purposes of the corporation. n183 In Vermont, there are two
kinds of corporate purposes particular to business corporations: general public
benefit or specific public benefit. n184 Section 21.03(a)(4) defines a general
public benefit as "a material positive impact on society and the environment, as
measured by a third-party standard, through activities that promote some
combination of specific public benefits." n185 In other words, the purpose of a
benefit corporation is to engage in certain activities with the overall
objective of promoting greater social or environmental goals. n186 On the other
hand, § 21.03(a)(6) states that a specific public benefit includes:



   (A) providing low income or underserved individuals or communities with
beneficial products or services; (B) promoting individual or community economic
opportunities for individuals or communities beyond the creation of jobs in the
normal course of business; (C) preserving or improving the environment;
improving human health; (D) improving human health; (E) promoting the arts or
sciences or the advancement of knowledge; (F) increasing capital flow to other
public benefit entities with a public benefit purpose; and (G) the
accomplishment of any other identifiable benefit for society or the environment.
n187

 If an urban farm business could form under benefit-corporation status, its
goals would largely further specific public benefits. For instance, urban
[*342]  agriculture could improve human health by providing healthier foods,
improve the environment through the use of sustainable methods of farming, and
promote community economic opportunities through production of commodities. n188

   C. Concerns with Benefit Corporation Laws

 While benefit-corporation laws may be clever and innovative policy proposals
for a long-needed alternative legal status for businesses, there are still many
concerns with the idea. These concerns have caused benefit-corporation bills to
stall in many state legislatures, including Michigan. n189 For instance,
dissenters of the bill in Michigan fear that this new class of business status
may be used as a marketing tool to make other for-profit businesses look greedy.
n190 There are also concerns that other businesses will seek to model themselves
as a benefit corporation for reputational purposes when it may not be suited for
their type of business. n191

   Other concerns are founded on the third party certification organization
called "B Corp," whose purpose is to audit how socially or environmentally
beneficial a company's business practices are. n192 Some dissenters see this as
a conflict of interest. n193 The B Corp charges benefit corporations anywhere
from $ 500 to $ 25,000 for certification, depending on the business' annual
sales. n194 Such concerns have yet to appear in states with benefit corporation
laws, such as Vermont, however these laws are still new, and it is unclear
whether they could emerge in the future.

   V. Conclusion

 Prosperity is just around the corner for urban agriculture. While the idea of
self-sufficient "green cities" with plush gardens and sustainable farms filling
empty plots of land seem picturesque, it is also an ambitious endeavor. The
countless benefits of urban agriculture are well documented, from providing
healthier food choices to communities to supporting the local economies of
distressed cities. n195 However, as urban  [*343]  farmers work toward
environmental and social goals in addition to making a living, they must find a
way to fulfill these aspirations while maintaining stability in a market
economy. As John Green and other examples indicate, scarcity of capital has been
one of the most significant obstacles to financial feasibility. Urban farmers
are realizing that they can no longer rely on volunteer labor, grant funding,
and credit cards to sustain their businesses. Fortunately, Congress, state
legislatures, and many other food-related organizations are beginning to address
this concern. For this reason, urban farmers must take advantage of the many new
and innovative programs that provide access to new sources of capital, and
better education in agriculture and business practices.

   All signs are pointing towards a bright future for urban agriculture.
Congress is beginning to realize the importance of urban farming and sustainable
agriculture for our future, as demonstrated by their recent shifts in
agricultural policy. Also, more and more resources are made available for urban
farmers every day, whether they are from organizations like Fair Food Network,
or Greening Detroit. Valiant urban farm entrepreneurs are demonstrating that
with more focus on business structure and strategy, urban agriculture's vision
may not be so far off in the distance.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawDepository InstitutionsCommercial BanksReal Property
LawFinancingSecondary FinancingLien PrioritiesTax LawState & Local TaxesSales
TaxGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Urban Agriculture, Feasibility Study for Youngstown, OH, Opportunities for
Healthy Food Production, Local Jobs, and Ecological Restoration, Global Green 1
(June, 2012), available at
http://globalgreen.org/blogs/global/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Youngstown-Urban-
Ag-Report-6.012- 4.pdf [hereinafter Youngstown].





n2.  See Tom Philpott, Urban Farms Don't Make Money - So What?, Grist (June 4,
2010), available at
http://grist.org/article/2010-06-03-on-the-promise-and-limits-of-urban-farms/.





n3.  Id.





n4.  Id.





n5.  Id. (quoting Sena Christian, A Growing Concern: Urban Farms Are Sprouting
up Across the United States. Can They Translate Popularity into Profitability?,
Earthisland.org (Summer 2010), available at
http://www.earthisland.org/journal/index.php/eij/article/a _growing_concern/.





n6.  Elise Hunter, Where is the Funding in Detroit's Farm-to-Fork Movement?,
Huffington Post (July, 23, 2013, 4:58 PM), available at
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/student-reporter/where-is-the-funding-in-
d_1_b_3639850.html.





n7.  See Melanie J. Duda, Growing in the D: Revising Current Laws to Promote a
Model of Sustainable City Agriculture, 89 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 181, 184 (2012)
(citing Kathryn A. Peters, Creating a Sustainable Urban Agriculture Revolution,
25 J. Envtl. & Litig. 203, 236 (2010); Olga Bonfiglio, Growing Green in Detroit,
Christian Sci. Monitor (Aug. 21, 2008), available at
http://www.csmonitor.com/The-Culture/Gardening/2008/0821/growing-green-in-
detroit).





n8.  Matthew V. Bradshaw, The Rise of Urban Agriculture: A Cautionary Tale - No
Rules, Big Problems, 4 Wm. & Mary Bus. L. Rev. 241, 254 (2013) (citing Katherine
Hessler & Tanith Balaban, Agriculture Animals and the Law, GPSolo, July/Aug.
2009, at 59).





n9.  Id. at 254 (citing USDA, Farmers Markets and Local Food Marketing,
Agricultural Marketing Service, http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/FARMERSMARKETS
(last updated Dec. 31, 2012)).





n10.  Jeffrey P. LeJava & Michael J. Goonan, Zoning and Land Use Planning, 41
Real Est. L.J. 216, 217 (2012) (citing USDA, Farms and Community,
http://www.afsic.nal.usda.gov/farms-and-community/urban-agriculture (last
updated Oct. 2, 2014)).





n11.  See U.S. Census Bureau, 2010 Census Urban and Rural Classification and
Urban Area Criteria, U.S. Dep't of Commerce,
http://www.census.gov/geo/reference/ua/urban-rural-2010.html (last visited Feb.
19, 2014) (follow "Urban, Urbanized Area, Urban Cluster, and Rural Population,
2010 and 2000: United States" hyperlink) (data from 2010 census).





n12.  See Cesar L. Escalante, Myra Clarisse R. Ferrer & Bingbing Wang, USDA
Microloans and Small Organic Farms: Filling a Lending Niche, 28 Choices no. 1,
2013, at 1, available at http://www.choicesmagazine.org/magazine/pdf/cmsarticle
_290.pdf.





n13.  See, e.g., How to Feed a City on Urban Organic Agriculture, Food Matters
(Nov. 23, 2010), available at
http://www.foodmatters.tv/articles-1/how-to-feed-a-city-on-urban-organic-agricul
ture (discussing how principles of organic farming play a pivotal role in
start-up and functioning of urban agriculture in Cuba).





n14.  Organic Trade Ass'n, U.S. Organic Industry Overview, OTA.com (2011),
available at www.ota.com/pics/documents/2011OrganicIndustrySurvey.pd f; Barbara
Haumann, Seventy-eight Percent of U.S. Families Say They Purchase Organic Foods,
Organic Newsroom (Nov. 2, 2011),
http://www.organicnewsroom.com/2011/11/seventyeight_p ercent_of_us_fam.html.





n15.  Escalante et al., supra 12, at 2.





n16.  Id. at 1.





n17.  Id. at 2.





n18.  Id. at 1-2.





n19.  Id. at 2.





n20.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n21.  See id; see also, Lisa Ganguzza, Can Urban Farmers Make a Living?, Edible
Manhattan (Nov. 25, 2013),
http://www.ediblemanhattan.com/foodshed-2/producers/farms-foodshed/can-urban-far
mers-make-living/.





n22.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n23.  See id.





n24.  Escalante et al., supra note 12, at 2-3.





n25.  Id. at 2 (referencing Susan Cocciarelli, Dorothy Suput, & Ray Boshara,
Financing Farming in the U.S.: Opportunities to Improve the Financial and
Business Environment for Small and Midsized Farms Through Strategic Financing,
The W.K. Kellogg Foundation Food and Community Program (Jul. 2010), available at
http://solari.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/final_july_2010_
220883625-1-1-3.pdf.





n26.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Id.





n29.  Id.





n30.  Id.





n31.  See generally USDA, Your Guide to FSA Farm Loans, Farm Service Agency
(June, 2012), available at http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fsa&us
core;br_01_web_booklet.pdf.





n32.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n33.  Id.





n34.  See generally USDA, Fact Sheet: Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers,
Farm Service Agency (Oct. 2013) available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/beginn ingloansoct13.pdf [hereinafter
Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers].





n35.  Id.





n36.  Id.





n37.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n38.  Id.





n39.  USDA, Fact Sheet: Microloans, Farm Service Agency (August, 2013),
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&
subject=landing&topic=pfs&newstype=prfactsheet&type=
detail&item=pf_20130820_farln_en _microln.html [hereinafter Microloans].





n40.  See generally H.R. 6083, 112th Cong. (2d Sess. 2012).





n41.  Escalante et al., supra note 12, at 1.





n42.  Id. (citing James C. Brau & Gary M. Woller, Mircofinance: A Comprehensive
Review of the Existing Literature, 9 J. Entrepreneurial Fin. & Bus. Ventures 1,
2 (2004)).





n43.  See id.





n44.  Id. (citing Jonathan Murdoch, The Microfinance Schism, 28 World Dev., 617,
620 (2000)).





n45.  Id. (citing Barbara Kiviat, Can Microfinance Make it in America?, Time.com
(Jan. 11, 2010), available at
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,91717,19509 49,00.html); see also
Microloans, supra note 39.





n46.  Microloans, supra note 39.





n47.  Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, supra note 34.





n48.  Microloans, supra note 39.





n49.  Microloans Now Available for Young and Beginning Farmers, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Jan. 17, 2013), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/usda-microloan-program/.





n50.  Id.





n51.  Id.





n52.  Sophie Ackoff, NYFC Applauds Farm Service Agency's New Microloan Program,
National Young Farmers Coalition (Jan. 17, 2013), available at
http://www.youngfarmers.org/credit/farm-service-agency/.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Id.





n55.  Id.





n56.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Nov. 25, 2013), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/microloan-fy13-data-analysis/
[hereinafter Reaching Farmers].





n57.  Id.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Id.





n60.  Id.





n61.  See generally Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, 128 Stat. 649
(2014).





n62.  What is in the 2014 Farm Bill For Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Jan. 31, 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farm-bill-outcomes/ [hereinafter
2014 Farm Bill For Sustainable].





n63.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-drilldown-bfr-sda/.





n64.  Id.





n65.  S. Rep. No. 110-220, at 12 (2007).





n66.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64 (This term limit exemption also applies when microloans are made
to veteran farmers.).





n67.  See id.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id.





n70.  USDA, supra note 39.





n71.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n72.  See id.





n73.  See Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition,
http://sustainableagriculture.net/publications/grassroot
sguide/local-food-systems-rural-development/community-food-project-grants/ (last
visited Feb. 5, 2014).





n74.  Philpott, supra note 2 (citing Christian, supra note 5).





n75.  See Guide to USDA Funding for Local and Regional Food Systems, National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition 1, 6 (April 2010), available at
http://foodshedguide.org/uploads/NSAC_FoodSystem
sFundingGuide_FirstEdition_4_2010.pdf.





n76.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n77.  See Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program, supra note 74.





n78.  See id.





n79.  Id.





n80.  Id.





n81.  Id.





n82.  Id.





n83.  See id.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n87.  Community Food Projects Grant Program Funding Available for FY 2014,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (March 3, 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/cfp-2014-funding-available/.





n88.  An Overview of Urban Farming, Green For All 1, 4 (2009), available at
http://greenforall.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Urban-Farming-Overvi
ew-For- Web.pdf.





n89.  Id.





n90.  Id.





n91.  Id.





n92.  Id.





n93.  See supra note 125.





n94.  Duda, supra note 7, at 184 (citing Bonfiglio, supra note 7).





n95.  Nina Ignaczak, No Stranger to Urban Agriculture, Detroit Makes it Official
with New Zoning Ordinance, Seedstock (April 9, 2013), available at
http://seedstock.com/2013/04/09/no-stranger-to-urban-agriculture-detroit-makes-i
t-official-with-new-zoning- ordinance/.





n96.  Id.





n97.  See Jane C. Timm, Urban Farming Takes hold in Blighted Motor City,
MSNBC.com (Sept. 10, 2013, 12:01 AM), available at
http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/urban-farming-takes-hold-blighted-motor.





n98.  See John E. Mogk et al., Promoting Urban Agriculture As an Alternative
Land Use for Vacant Properties in the City of Detroit: Benefits, Problems and
Proposals for a Regulatory Framework for Successful Land Use Integration, 56
Wayne L. Rev. 1521, 1523 (2010) (citing John Gallagher, Detroit's fight against
vacant land gets tougher, Detroit Free Press, Sept. 29, 2009 at A1); see also
Suzette Hackney, State of the City to highlight demolition plans, Detroit Free
Press, Mar. 21, 2010 at A7.





n99.  Id. at 1529.





n100.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n101.  What is in the 2014 Farm Bill for Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?,
supra note 63.





n102.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n103.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra note 57.





n104.  Id.





n105.  Id.





n106.  Id.





n107.  Id.





n108.  See, e.g., Mindy Goldstein et al., Urban Agriculture: A Sixteen City
Survey of Urban Agriculture Practices Across the Country, Georgia Organics
(2011), available at
http://georgiaorganics.org/wp-content/themes/GeorgiaOrganics/Downloads/SiteMoveO
ver/urbana greport.pdf (This survey provides a detailed report on the zoning
ordinances of 16 major U.S. cities with significant urban agriculture practices
and how they have incorporated urban agriculture into their land use plans. The
cities included in the survey are Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago,
Cleveland, Denver, Detroit, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Nashville, New York,
Philadelphia, Portland, San Francisco, Seattle, and Washington D.C.);
Youngstown, supra note 1.





n109.  Compare Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra
note 57, with Goldstein, supra note 110, at 34-36.





n110.  See generally Microloans, supra note 39.





n111.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n112.  Id.





n113.  Interview with Michael Jordan, Loan Agent, Farm Service Agency (Feb. 19,
2014) (discussing the issues with urban farm entrepreneurs applying FSA
microloans in Detroit).





n114.  Id.





n115.  Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Id.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id.





n121.  See David F. Ashton, Urban farmer rides bike, not tractor, East PDX News,
http://eastpdxnews.com/general-news-features/urban-farmer-rides-bike-not-tractor
/ (last visited March 4, 2014).





n122.  Interview with Michael Jordan, supra note 115 (This was one of the
examples used by the Michigan loan agent to explain why few microloans have been
made to urban farmers in Detroit. The loan agent pointed out that a majority of
urban farmers in Detroit inquiring about microloans believed they required
machinery for crops that could be produced by traditional farming techniques for
the price of a shovel, seed, fertilizer, and able bodies.).





n123.  See id.; Microloans, supra note 39.





n124.  See supra text accompanying notes 90-95.





n125.  Interview with Michael Jordan, supra note 115.





n126.  Greg Seaman, Top 6 Most Cost-effective Vegetables to Grow, eartheasy
(Jan. 19, 2011), available at
http://eartheasy.com/blog/2011/01/top-6-most-cost-effective-vegetables-to-grow/.





n127.  An Overview of Urban Farming, supra note 90, at 4.





n128.  See Jeff Caldwell, Amendment Targets Loans for Young Farmers,
Agriculture.com (May 31, 2013, 11:46 AM), available at
http://www.agriculture.com/news/policy/amendment-targets-los-f-young-farmers_4-a
r31798; Agriculture Reform, Food, and Jobs Act of 2013, Microloan Authorization
Senate Amendment 986, 113th Congress.





n129.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n130.  Eli Zigas, Making a Living as an Urban Farmer, Spur (Feb. 22, 2012),
available at http://www.spur.org/blog/2012-02-22/making-living-urban-farmer.





n131.  Id.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Id.





n134.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64.





n135.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n136.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra note 57.





n137.  Id.





n138.  Id.





n139.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64.





n140.  Id.





n141.  Id.





n142.  Id.





n143.  Id.





n144.  See, e.g., What We Do, Fair Food Network,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/what-we-do (last visited Jan. 2, 2015); Who We
Are, Greening of Detroit, http://greeningofdetroit.com/who-we-are/ (last visited
Jan. 2, 2015).





n145.  See, e.g., Financing + Business Assistance, Fair Food Network,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/fairfoodfund/financing-business-assistance (last
visited Oct. 10, 2014) (offering "boot camps" and business consulting to food
entrepreneurs); Urban Agriculture, Greening of Detroit,
http://greeningofdetroit.com/what-we-do/urban-agriculture/ (last visited Oct.
10, 2014) (offering technical assistance and an adult apprenticeship education
program in farming and agriculture).





n146.  See What We Do, supra note 146; Urban Agriculture, supra note 146.





n147.  What We Do, supra note 146.





n148.  Id.





n149.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n150.  Id.; What We Do, supra note 146.





n151.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n152.  See, e.g., Community Food Leaders Convening, Building Capacity for Future
Leadership, Greening of Detroit,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/what-we-do/projects/community-food-leaders-conven
ing (last visited Jan. 1, 2015).





n153.  Who We Are, supra note 146.





n154.  Id.





n155.  Id.





n156.  Urban Agriculture, supra note 146.





n157.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n158.  See id. (citing Carolyn Dimitri, Assoc. Professor of Food Studies, New
York Univ., New York Univ. Library Salon on Urban Agriculture: Sowing Seeds,
Sowing Money (November 21, 2013)).





n159.  See William H. Clark Jr. et al., The Need and Rationale for the Benefit
Corporation: Why it is the Legal Form that Best Addresses the Needs of Social
Entrepreneurs, Investors, and Ultimately, the Public, Benefitcorp.net (Nov. 16,
2011), available at http://benefitcorp.net/storage/Benefit_Corp_
vs_Traditional_Corporations.pdf.





n160.  See B Lab, Maryland First State in Union to Pass Benefit Corporation
Legislation, Press Release, CRSwire (Apr. 14, 2010, 10:57 AM), available at
http://www.csrwire.com/press_releases/29332-Maryland-First-State-in-Union-to-Pas
s-Benefit-Corporation- Legislation (describing that in 2010, "Maryland Governor
Martin O'Malley signed into law the nation's first legislation creating Benefit
Corporations, a new class of corporations required to create benefit for society
as well as shareholders."); see also Hunter, supra note 6 (discussing some of
the "for-profit" and "non-profit" aspects of a proposed Michigan benefit
corporation law).





n161.  See State by State Legislative Status, Benefit Corporation,
http://benefitcorp.net/state-by-state-legislative-status (last visited Oct. 15,
2014) (providing that the current status of benefit corporation legislation in
every state).





n162.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n163.  See, e.g., Dodge v. Ford Motor Co., 170 N.W. 668, 684 (Mich. 1919)
(articulating notion that the purpose of a business corporation is creating
financial gain for its shareholders); Clark Jr. et al., supra note 160.





n164.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n165.  Id.





n166.  See id.





n167.  H.R. 4615, 96th Leg., Reg. Sess. (Mich. 2011); H.R. 4616, 96th Leg., Reg.
Sess. (Mich. 2011).





n168.  H.R. 4616 (Mich. 2011).





n169.  Id.





n170.  Id.





n171.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A,§§21.01-14 (West 2012).





n172.  Robert Brazil, Vermont's Newest Business Entity: The "B Corporation,"
Vtlegalhelp.com (August 19, 2011), available at
http://vtlegalhelp.com/vermont%E2%80%99s-newest-business-entity-the-%E2%80%9Cb-
corporation%E2%80%9D/.





n173.  See id.





n174.  Id.





n175.  Id.





n176.  Vermont Benefit Corporation How-To-Guide: Incorporating as a Benefit
Corporation Step-by-Step, B-Lab (Oct. 2013), available at
http://benefitcorp.net/storage/documents/Vermont_Benefit_Corp_
How-To_Guide_.pdf.





n177.  Brazil, supra note 173.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Id.; Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.03(a)(1) (West 2012) (defining
"benefit corporation" as "a corporation ... whose articles of incorporation
include the statement "This corporation is a benefit corporation'").





n180.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, at § 21.06.





n181.  Brazil, supra, note 173.





n182.  Id.; Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 3.01(a).





n183.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.08.





n184.  See id.





n185.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.03(a)(4) (West 2012). <Comment Text>





n186.  1. Brazil, supra note 173.





n187.  Id. at § 21.03(a)(6).





n188.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n189.  Melissa Ip, Why the Benefit Corporation Bill is Being Held Back, Social
Enterprise Buzz (June 6, 2012), available at
http://www.socialenterprisebuzz.com/2012/06/06/why-the-benefit-corporation-bill-
is-being-held-back/.





n190.  Id.





n191.  Id.





n192.  Id.





n193.  Id.





n194.  Id.





n195.  See, e.g., Sheila Golden, Urban Agriculture Impacts Literature Review,
Agricultural Sustainability Institute at UC Davis (November 13, 2013), available
at http://asi.ucdavis.edu/resources/publications/UA%20Lit%
20Review%20Golden%20Reduced%2011-15.pdf (compiling sources, author states that
"urban agriculture has been a successful strategy for improving food access in
secure areas"); Youngstown, supra note 1, at 14 (explaining the economic
benefits of the Growing Home Urban Farm in Chicago, Illinois. The farm sells
crops at local farmers' markets and restaurants, employs 48 people, and has a
budget of over $ 1.1 million).


                               2 of 12 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Trends in the Region: States Using 'Aggie' Bonds to Cultivate New Farmers

                            January 3, 2003, Friday

By Rochelle Williams

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO



Some farmers in Montana and Idaho with little or no capital can take advantage
of new tax-exempt agricultural bond programs in their states, and Wyoming is
considering a similar program.

In November, a farmer in Denton, Mont., became the first recipient of that
state's Beginning Farmer/Rancher Loan Program, which helps recipients with the
proceeds of small privately placed debt issues known as "aggie" bonds.

"We basically are the bond issuer and make sure that everything is correct, but
we don't have any exposure," said Lee Boyer, rural development bureau chief for
the state Department of Agriculture.

"It allows beginning farmers to have access to lower cost capital, which allows
them to increase their cash flow to make repayments," said department director
Ralph Peck. "We are encouraged that this is a viable option for people to enter
into or increase their agriculture operations."

Aggie bond programs are designed to help beginning farmers buy land and
sometimes equipment. The West's largest states -- California, Oregon, and
Washington -- don't offer any such programs but at least 15 states in the nation
do, with the two largest aggie bond lenders being Iowa and Illinois.

The programs do not use traditional underwriting practices. All the debt is
privately placed, and the only parties to a transaction are a state bond
authority, a farmer, and a commercial bank. No underwriters, rating agencies, or
third-party investors get involved.

Each loan -- they average about $125,000 -- is a separate bond issue. Typically
a young farmer approaches his or her bank. If the bank makes a favorable credit
decision, it may then approach the appropriate issuing agency. If the agency
determines the farmer is eligible, it will then sell a bond issue to the bank.

The agency will use the bank's money to lend to the farmer -- a transaction that
is tax-exempt since the debt qualifies as private-activity bonds under each
state's annual cap. The authority then assigns the farmer's note back to the
bank.

The bond counsel typically earns between $300 and $500 per transaction.

Jim Schwartz, deputy director for the Wyoming Agriculture Department, said the
department has tried for two years to formulate a program for young and beginner
farmers, but were unsuccessful due to state bonding restrictions.

"We need to coordinate with the state and are in hopes of moving something
forward. We did pass a bill last year to open up the window for young producers
and ranchers. It allows those who qualify to obtain low interest loans through
the state of up to $600,000 and 2% above the prime," Schwartz said.

Montana's original aggie bond program was halted in the mid-1980s after helping
only two farmers when questions were raised regarding the taxable status of the
debt. Projections are that 15 applicants will receive funding this year under
the revamped program, according to Boyer.

Those eligible must be 18 or older, have a net worth of $250,000 or less, and
may not already own a substantial amount of agricultural land.

Cory Hershberger, a fourth-generation Montanan, received a loan for $129,412. He
graduated last month with a degree in crop science from Montana State University
after farming with his dad while attending the university.

"We did that one and had a huge media response, so we are hopeful we will get
more applications," Boyer said.

Montana has about 27,600 farms and ranches, and agriculture is the state's
largest industry, generating more than $2 billion each year. Farms also account
for 62% of the state's total land.

Still, the number of people involved in agriculture in the U.S. overall declined
significantly in the past few years to less than 2%, according to Boyer. In
addition, the average age of a farmer and rancher is about 57.

"We have the same problem as all the other states have," Boyer said. "Kids go to
town, get educated, and don't want to go back to the farm. You can't blame them
for that. That is just the way life changes."

The department is working to find eligible applicants with help from the Montana
Bankers Association's ag bankers committee and the Montana Independent Bankers
Association.

The advocacy group Communicating for Agriculture & the Self-Employed has spent
more than 20 years helping states establish aggie bond programs. Currently,
there are about 15 active programs, according to Bruce Abbe, the group's vice
president and spokesman.

"These are very small bonds, with often all local private parties. It is not
like they are packaged and sold on Wall Street, but they are a cost-efficient
way for states to save a couple of points," Abbe said. "Many people in
agriculture are concerned about the lack of farms and those coming into it. We
would like to see aggie programs in every state."

Although Idaho's program has existed since 2000, no one has yet applied.

In a drive to expand the relatively small agriculture bond program, supporters
have been pushing Congress for legislation that would exempt such debt from the
private-activity bond volume cap. They say a major factor preventing the
programs from expanding nationwide is that it has to compete with other sectors,
such as housing and manufacturing, for annual volume cap allocation. In
Illinois, demand for loans under the program exceeds supply by about 50%, and
farmers sometimes have to wait for up to a year to get their tax-exempt funding.

High prices for farmland in California could be one obstacle to that state
setting up a viable aggie bond program, Abbe said. But while California does not
have such a program, it and other states in the region do participate in other
farmer aid plans, such as a national apprentice program with the Farm Service
Agency.

The National Farm Transition Network is a farm transfer program that places
aspiring farmers with seasoned veteran farmers. The new farmers may lease or
purchase land from the existing farmer prior to his retirement.

The network says sufficient attention is not being paid to new and beginning
farmers.

"I think we will see other states step in and form aggie bond program as time
goes on," Boyer said.

Copyright c 2003 Thomson Media. All Rights Reserved. http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: FARWEST ; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1039 words

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                               3 of 12 DOCUMENTS



                        West Lyon Herald (Inwood, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 29, 2012

New FSA help for beginning farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: West Lyon Herald staff

LENGTH: 451  words


The USDA Farm Service Agency is working harder than ever to assist new farmers
and ranchers to succeed. FSA Executive Director John R. Whitaker recently
unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several other tools designed
to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation for a successful
career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Whitaker. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through this
challenging start-up issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit, minimal
credit history and less collateral make it difficult for new and smaller farmers
in Iowa to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The national program offers two options, one that
guarantees up to three annual installment payments on the contract and one that
guarantees 90% of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used
in the purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"Iowa farmers represent all walks of life, a wide variety of ethnic backgrounds,
and all different ages," notes Whitaker "This new program will work well for
beginning and minority growers in our state and we encourage producers to visit
with us to see if they qualify and how it could fit their needs," he said. You
can find FSA loan information, disaster assistance programs and other helpful
programs at www.fsa.usda.gov.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility
for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualifyforthe Beginning Farmer
and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level of agricultural
experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or ranch. Whitaker also
recommends that people considering a farming career should visit a new USDA
website www.start2farm.gov to learn more about USDA and FSA programs for
beginning farmers and ranchers.

Iowa FSA's support for Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
is evident in the high level of minority and new farmer participation generated
through staff outreach into the community. In 2011, 75% of all FSA farm loans in
Iowa were made to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information about these and other USDA programs, you can always call or
visit your nearest USDA Farm Service Agency office.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLY

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2012 West Lyon Herald


                               4 of 12 DOCUMENTS



                       The New Era (Parker, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 15, 2012

FSA offers new options for beginning farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: The New Era staff

LENGTH: 453  words


The USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) is working harder than ever to assist new
farmers and ranchers. FSA State Executive Director Craig Schauna-man recently
unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several other tools designed
to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation for a successful
career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Schaunaman. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through
this challenging start-up issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit,
minimal credit history, and less collateral make it difficult for new and
smaller farmers in South Dakota to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The program offers two options, one that guarantees up to
three annual installment payments on the contract and one that guarantees 90
percent of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used in the
purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"South Dakota farmers represent all walks of life, as well as a wide variety of
backgrounds and ages," notes Schaunaman. "This program will work well for
beginning and minority growers in South Dakota, and we encourage producers to
visit with us to determine if FSA can assist with their individual needs," he
said.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility
for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualify for the Beginning Farmer
and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level of agricultural
experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or ranch. Schaunaman
also recommends that people considering a farming career visit the new USDA
website www.start2farm. gov to learn more about loan programs available for
beginning farmers and ranchers.

For additional information about FSA programs, contact your local FSA office or
visit us online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office
of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W.,
Stop 9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992
(English) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or
(800) 845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay).

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NER

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2012 The New Era


                               5 of 12 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2012

New FSA help for beginning farmers and ranchers

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 570  words


ROCK RAPIDS -- The USDA Farm Service Agency is working harder than ever to
assist new farmers and ranchers to succeed. Iowa FSA Executive Director John R.
Whitaker recently unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several
other tools designed to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation
for a successful career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Whitaker. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through this
challenging start-up issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit, minimal
credit history and less collateral make it difficult for new and smaller farmers
in Iowa to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The national program offers two options, one that
guarantees up to three annual installment payments on the contract and one that
guarantees 90% of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used
in the purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"Iowa farmers represent all walks of life, a wide variety of ethnic backgrounds,
and all different ages," notes

Whitaker "This new program will work well for beginning and minority growers in
our state and we encourage producers to visit with us to see if they qualify and
how it could fit their needs," he said. You can find FSA loan information,
disaster assistance programs and other helpful programs at www.fsa.usda. gov.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility
for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualify for the Beginning Farmer
and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level of agricultural
experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or ranch. Whitaker also
recommends that people considering a farming career should visit a new USDA
website www.start2farm.gov to learn more about USDA and FSA programs for
beginning farmers and ranchers.

Iowa FSA's support for Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers
is evident in the high level of minority and new farmer participation generated
through staff outreach into the community. In 2011, 75% of all FSA farm loans in
Iowa were made to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers.

For more information about these and other USDA programs, you can always call or
visit your nearest USDA Farm Service Agency office that handles this type of
loan. The contact office for Lyon County farmers is Sibley, Iowa. There has been
a change in personnel at the Sibley Office where Joyce Heaton was a Farm Loan
Officer. Joyce has accepted a lateral transfer to Guthrie Center, Iowa where she
is providing service on farm loans. There are two new Farm Loan Officer Trainees
that have taken Joyce's place. They are Heather Helm-rich and Callie Erickson.
Heather and Callie will be working with farmers and bankers in Lyon, Osceola,
and Dickinson counties. John Vote, the Farm Loan Manager from Orange City, will
be guiding and assisting them in their work. For more information contact
Heather or Callie at 712-754-3643.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 Lyon County Reporter


                               6 of 12 DOCUMENTS



                 De Baca County News (Fort Sumner, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 16, 2012

FSA promotes loans for new farmers, ranchers

BYLINE: De Baca County News staff

LENGTH: 397  words


ALBUQUERQUE - The USDA Farm Service Agency recently unveiled a new Land Contract
Guarantee Program and several other tools designed to help beginning farmers and
ranchers build the foundation for a successful career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said FSA
acting director Brenda Archuleta "FSA is going to provide new options to help
them to work through this challenging start-up issue."

Peak land values, tight commercial credit, minimal credit history and less
collateral make it difficult for new and smaller farmers in New Mexico to get a
commercial business loan right now. The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides
a new approach for landowners willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a
beginning or socially disadvantaged farmer. The national program offers two
options, one that guarantees up to three annual installment payments on the
contract and one that guarantees 90% of the unpaid principal of the contract.
Guarantees can be used in the purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"New Mexico farmers represent all walks of life, a wide variety of ethnic
backgrounds, and all different ages," notes Archuleta. "This new program will
work well for beginning and minority growers in our state and we encourage
producers to visit with us to see if they qualify and how it could fit their
needs," she said.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are allowed to consider all prior farming experience, including
on-the-job training and formal education when determining eligibility for FSA
Farm Operating and Ownership Loans.

To qualify for the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must
have a minimum level of agricultural experience, but not more than 10 years
operating a farm or ranch. Archuleta also recommends that people considering a
farming career should visit a new USDA website www.start2farm.gov to learn more
about USDA and FSA programs for beginning farmers and ranchers.

In 2011, 35% of all FSA farm loans in New Mexico were made to socially
disadvantaged farmers and ranchers and 53% of the loans were to beginning
producers.

For more information about these and other USDA programs, you can always call or
visit the nearest USDA Farm Service Agency office.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 De Baca County News


                               7 of 12 DOCUMENTS



                        Courier (Freeman, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 14, 2012

FSA assistance for new farmers

BYLINE: Freeman Courier staff

LENGTH: 390  words


The USDA Farm Service Agency (FSA) is working harder than ever to assist new
farmers and ranchers. FSA State Executive Director Craig Schaunaman recently
unveiled a new Land Contract Guarantee Program and several other tools designed
to help beginning farmers and ranchers build the foundation for a successful
career in agriculture.

"New farmers face many challenges, like obtaining land for example," said
Schaunaman. "FSA is going to provide new options to help them to work through
this challenging startup issue." Peak land values, tight commercial credit,
minimal credit history, and less collateral make it difficult for new and
smaller farmers in South Dakota to get a commercial business loan right now.

The Land Contract Guarantee Program provides a new approach for landowners
willing to sell and finance a land purchase to a beginning or socially
disadvantaged farmer. The program offers two options, one that guarantees up to
three annual installment payments on the contract and one that guarantees 90
percent of the unpaid principal of the contract. Guarantees can be used in the
purchase of land for up to $500,000.

"South Dakota farmers represent all walks of life, as well as a wide variety of
backgrounds and ages," notes Schaunaman. "This program will work well for
beginning and minority growers in South Dakota, and we encourage producers to
visit with us to determine if FSA can assist with their individual needs," he
said.

Another new change to the agency's lending rules for new producers is to allow
more flexibility in the minimum experience requirement. Under the new rule, FSA
loan officers are now allowed to consider all prior farming experience,
including on - the - job training and formal education when determining
eligibility for FSA Farm Operating and Ownership Loans. To qualify for the
Beginning Farmer and Rancher Loan Program, applicants must have a minimum level
of agricultural experience, but not more than 10 years operating a farm or
ranch. Schaunaman also recommends that people considering a farming career visit
the new USDA website www.start2farm.gov to learn more about loan programs
available for beginning farmers and ranchers.

For additional information about FSA programs, contact the local FSA office or
visit us online at www.fsa.

FSA Notes

Turner County Farm Service Agency Parker-297-5564

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRE

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 Freeman, South Dakota Courier


                               8 of 12 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

FSA Offers Loans to Beginning and Underserved Farmers

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 332 words


April 07--The Farm Service Agency, a branch of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, is offering loans to family farmers and ranchers. The loans are
intended for individuals who are currently unable to obtain commercial credit,
especially new farmers or those lacking the net worth required to qualify for
traditional avenues of credit.

The FSA loan program defines a beginning producer as someone who is
"substantially" involved in the operation, but has not operated a farm or ranch
for more than 10 years. Additionally, when applying for farm ownership loans, a
farmer must have at least a three year history working on the farm, but they may
not own a farm greater than 30 percent of the average size farm in their county.

The maximum amount available for farm operation or ownership loans is $1.392
million. Those loans are made by commercial institutions and backed by the FSA.
The maximum amount is adjusted each year based on inflation.

Loans made directly by the FSA typically come with a lower interest rate, but
max out at $50,000 to $300,000. The FSA direct loan program also offers a down
payment plan intended to assist socially disadvantaged and beginning farmer
applicants in their efforts to purchase a farm or ranch. The program also
provides an outlet for retiring farmers or ranchers to transfer their holdings
to the next generation of producers.

Eligible beginning farmers and traditionally underserved applicants are given
first priority to purchase FSA acquired properties. If you live in Clallam,
Clark, Cowlitz, Grays Harbor, South King, Kitsap, Jefferson, Lewis, Mason,
Pacific, Skamania, Thurston, or Wahkiakum counties, contact Jeff Peterson,
senior farm loan officer, at (360) 748-0083, ext. 2. Detailed information on
farm loans can also be found online at
https://www.fsa.usda.gov/programs-and-services/farm-loan-programs/.

___ (c)2016 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160407-1CE-FSA-Offers-Loans-to-Beginning-and-Underserved-Farmers-0407-20160407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2016 The Chronicle


                               9 of 12 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 1996 New Mexico Law Review
                             New Mexico Law Review

                                  Winter, 1996

                                26 N.M.L. Rev. 9

LENGTH: 17656 words

ARTICLE: "AGRICULTURAL UNDERDOGS"  n1 AND INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS: THE LEGAL
CONTEXT OF AGRICULTURAL WORKERS WITHIN THE RURAL ECONOMY

NAME: GUADALUPE T. LUNA *

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law, Northern Illinois University. B.A., University
of Minnesota; J.D., University of Minnesota. For their much appreciated
intellectual assistance I thank Dennis N. Valdes, Jim Chen, and Jane E. Larson.
I also thank the many individuals in El Paso, Austin, and San Antonio who
provided immeasurable assistance and information in addressing the issues
included in this article.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The role of federal legislation in determining farming operations is long
established and deemed a beneficial enterprise, with farm preservation meeting
difficult standards of proof required by modern day reinterpretations.  ...
INTRODUCTION On the basis of its perceived uniqueness, the agriculture industry
sustains an impressive array of federal entitlements that have long contributed
to its continued expansion and growth.  ... In sum, it (a) transferred nearly
half of Mexican Territory to the United States government; (b) guaranteed the
protection of Mexican property rights; and (c) permitted Mexican residents, who
remained in the annexed territory, to elect United States citizenship, whereby
they acquired all the rights of United States citizens.  ... El Paso, thus,
provides an important case study on the impact of agricultural legislation and
international agreements on workers of Mexican descent.  ... Agricultural
Legislation and Fieldworkers Unlike the region's new landowners, who have long
benefitted from federal agricultural economic programs, those retaining a new
status as fieldworkers remain excluded from this economic framework.  ...
Working conditions for field workers are poorly regulated, and remedies intended
to alleviate their status within the rural economy are primarily limited to
instances where field workers seek lost wages.  ... In rural areas, farmworkers
seek housing in colonias.  ... Second, the lack of established credit hinders
and disqualifies colonia residents from borrowing from the FmHA.  ... One aspect
of this dilemma is that Chicana/o agricultural workers who seek ownership of
farming operations rarely have the opportunity either to access or qualify for
farm ownership.  ... If federally derived NAFTA and global restructuring are to
offer opportunities for United States agriculture, then agricultural workers, as
an essential component of the sector, merit consideration.

TEXT:
 [*9]

   As soon as cheap labor from Europe was stopped, many lines of American
industry which had been run on a cheap-labor basis turned to the Mexican supply.
For here, right at our doors, was a great reservoir of the cheapest and most
docile labor. The Mexican "peon" (Indian or mixed-breed) is a poverty-stricken,
ignorant, primitive creature, with strong muscles and with just enough brains to
obey orders and produce profits under competent direction.  n2

   INTRODUCTION

   On the basis of its perceived uniqueness, the agriculture industry sustains
an impressive array of federal entitlements that have long contributed to its
continued expansion and growth.  n3 To accommodate labor demands, offsets from
income tax obligations and innumerable subsidies and exemptions from labor and
immigration laws extend immeasurable assistance  [*10]  to the industry.  n4 An
extensive system of institutionalized infrastructures such as land grant
institutions and the agricultural extension service, moreover, have long
provided the industry with invaluable assistance.  n5 Recent trade
liberalization of global agricultural markets, as seen through the North
American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), extends additional benefits to the
sector.  n6 Not unlike other agricultural legislative and policy measures,
supported by a "powerful degree of rhetoric,"  n7 NAFTA's economic benefits do
not extend to agricultural workers.  n8

   This exclusion is demonstrated by the cumulative historical treatment of
agricultural workers who fail to enjoy the benefits of agricultural programs or
the progress of American agriculture. The impact of this structure is
clear-according to the Census of Agriculture, fewer than 21,000 Chicano farm
operators comprise the national total of 12.4 million farm operators.  n9 Thus,
Latinos represent only 1.7 percent of all farm  [*11]  operators while
constituting 9 percent of the nation's population.  n10 Their
under-representation is even more stark given the historical and contemporary
ties Mexicans have had to the land. Mexicans owned millions of acres of land and
there were more Mexican farm owners in 1848, at the time of the Treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, than there are at present. Individuals of Mexican descent
have remained in the agricultural industry, engaged in the production of food as
workers in much of the country.

   In the legislative and policy arena, farmworker concerns are discussed almost
entirely within the context of labor law, thereby excluding capital and trade
considerations. Given the range of legal considerations and power relations that
determine the agricultural agenda, the focus on labor is partial and ensures
that field workers lead a marginal existence.  n11 This Article examines the
disparate treatment of Chicana/os and the legal barriers to farm ownership. Part
I provides a framework tracing the impact of  [*12]  early agricultural
legislation on those of Mexican descent.  n12 Part II describes the current
condition of the agricultural worker living in El Paso, Texas, a border region,
a primary residence of rural laborers and a key export/input region impacted by
trade liberalization measures. Part III examines the reduction of trade
barriers, which has long promoted the expansion of agricultural trade. Part IV
calls for an expansion of current agrarian analysis by incorporating field
workers within the construct of agricultural law and ending their unequal
treatment. Highlighting a "racially identifiable set of harms,"  n13 Part IV
analyzes the economic, environmental, and distributional consequences of their
exclusion from agricultural legislation and policy.  n14

   This article proposes improving the economic conditions of field workers
through the use of international agreements. In sum, it proposes a shift from
"basic abstract macroeconomic entitlement policies," within agricultural
legislation, toward "place-centered criteria" specific to the El Paso border
region.  n15 This proposal stems from a model that recognizes the placement of
new entrants into the farming sector as legitimate and beneficial.  n16  [*13]

    I. THE ORIGINS OF SEPARATE AND UNEQUAL TREATMENT

   In 1954, the United States Supreme Court issued its momentous decision
declaring "separate but equal" public facilities and institutions
unconstitutional.  n17 The subsequent enactment of antidiscrimination
legislation further clarified the government's commitment to formal legal
equality before the law.  n18 Although a great deal of legal commentary has
recently examined this body of equal protection law, agricultural workers remain
largely ignored. This neglect parallels a longstanding agricultural ideology
which places the distributional effects of federal agricultural policy regarding
the Mexican rural community outside the realm of beneficial agricultural
legislation.  n19 The origin of this separate and unequal treatment requires
examination. The relevant historical framework reveals chains of causation in
the downward mobility of Chicana/os in the rural sector.

   HISTORICAL FRAMEWORK

   So, that's the way it turns out, that after working so many years, after
having acquired an estate, which I certainly didn't dispose of by selling or by
any other means, here I find myself in the greatest poverty,  [*14]  living only
by the grace of God and through the charity of those who give me a mouthful to
eat.  n20

   Long a focus of song,  n21 poetry,  n22 and extensive conflict,  n23 the
border between Mexico and the United States extends over two thousand square
miles.  n24 Before the United States annexed former Mexican territory, Mexican
residents had established a largely self-sufficient economy. Farmers planted,
cultivated, and harvested perishable and non-perishable commodities such as
corn, beans, melons, watermelons, barley, and other food and fiber.   n25 Two
key developments, however, set the framework for the region's economic
segregation;  n26 the United States-Mexico War of 1846  n27 and attendant  [*15]
federal agrarian legislation and policies. The former ensured the exclusion of
Mexicans from land ownership.  n28 The latter established a labor system in
which landless, rural Mexicans continue to comprise a poorly paid agricultural
working class to the present time. The contextual framework underlying the
dissimilar treatment of Mexicans and the dominant population  n29 is examined
below.

   A. The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo And Anglo American Law: The "Rule of
Cowboys"  n30

   It is the conquered who are humbled before the conqueror, asking for his
protection, while enjoying what little their misfortune has left them, ... They
are foreigners in their own land... They have been humiliated and insulted. They
have been refused the privilege of taking water from their own wells.  n31

   The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo of 1848 represented the culmination of
negotiations following the United States' invasion of Mexico.  n32 As drafted,
the Treaty was to protect the property interests of Mexican  [*16]  landowners.
n33 In sum, it (a) transferred nearly half of Mexican Territory to the United
States government; (b) guaranteed the protection of Mexican property rights;
n34 and (c) permitted Mexican residents, who remained in the annexed territory,
to elect United States citizenship, whereby they acquired all the rights of
United States citizens.  n35

   Treaties are cloaked in longstanding legal principles. The Supremacy Clause
of the United States Constitution declares treaties "the supreme Law of the
Land."  n36 As international instruments, treaties are recognized as contracts
between nations and require compliance.  n37 After the acquisition of Mexico's
northern territories, the United States Supreme Court, in Leitensdorfer v. Webb,
recognized various stipulations fashioned between the two countries and stated:

   By this substitution of a new supremacy, although the former political
relations of the inhabitants were dissolved, their private relations, their
rights vested under the government of their former allegiance, or those arising
from contract or usage, remain in full force and unchanged, except so far as
they were in their nature and character found to be in conflict with the
Constitution and laws of the United States, or with any regulations which the
conquering and occupying authority should ordain.  n38  [*17]

    Laws implemented during this period, however, substantively altered the
stipulations and contractual obligations set forth in the Treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. Agricultural legislation, moreover, served in large measure as its
basis and, ultimately, expedited the process of land disenfranchisement.

   B. Restricting Mexican Landownership

   In contradiction of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, new legal procedures
required every person claiming lands to demonstrate proof of their property
interests. This requirement imposed two questionable legal premises, with
exigent consequences, disadvantaging the Mexican population. First,
notwithstanding treaty rights, Mexican landowners were presumed guilty of not
possessing clear title to their landholdings. Second, the legal determination of
property rights was commonly made by legal officers who coveted the land for
themselves.  n39 The results of these determinations can only be described as
erratic, arbitrary, and as evidence of bias against Mexican landowners.

   The California Land Act of 1851, requiring affirmative proof of ownership,
was the first federal statute to alter the Treaty's terms and, thereby, its
intent of protecting the property rights of Mexican landholders.   n40 The Act
established a Land Claims Commission and a Court of Private Land Claims whose
representatives were to decide the validity of any claim according to the laws,
usages and customs of Mexico.  n41 Claims not presented within a two year period
were considered part of the public domain.   n42 Appellate review was within the
purview of judicial discretion and permitted  [*18]  only where "applicable."
Disputes over ownership rights and establishing clear title produced extensive
landmark litigation. One court thus observed that "controversies respecting
Spanish titles are constantly brought before the courts."  n43

   Within this framework, the inconsistent application of the law by judges,
sheriffs, and other legal officials permitted patterns of discriminatory
treatment.  n44 This discrimination, evidenced by the allocation of the burden
of proof  n45 and other extra-legal methods, forced Mexican landowners from
their property.  n46

   In contrast to the strict and valued emphasis on private landownership of the
new order, villages and communities also comprised the realm of Mexican
landownership.  n47 The landowners, who relied on "terrestrial landmarks" and
watersheds, as a means of defining the boundaries of Mexican  [*19]
communities, soon lost their holdings on the basis of imprecision.  n48 This
form of property demarcation contradicted the country's newly enacted grid
system.  n49 Despite the environmental and practical value of delineating
territories in this manner, the use of territorial landmarks was deemed
confusing. Ostensibly, because this method of property delineation did not
conform to the grid-based form of surveying,  n50 courts disallowed
confirmation.  n51 Conversely, the claims of Euro-Americans possessing imprecise
boundary surveys were confirmed.  n52 In those situations where the holdings of
Mexican landowners were confirmed, courts frequently required a greater quantum
of proof than required in similar claims by contestants from the dominant
population.

   New legal structures and extraneous litigation proved financially exhausting
for Mexican landowners.  n53 In United States v. Soto, for example, the court
recognized expensive litigation expenses caused war widow Teodora Soto to live
in "a small hut built of hides and tulle and poles, which she constructed for a
shelter."  n54 Similarly, war widow Josefa Romero, who possessed confirmed,
clear title to Las Animas Rancho, confronted collateral legal actions
challenging her ownership rights.  n55

   One particularly egregious example of inducing extraneous litigation included
a Texas Constitutional provision providing that "no claim or right to land which
issued prior to November 13, 1835, shall ever hereafter be used in evidence in
any courts of the state unless recorded in the county in which the land is
situated."  n56 Before the adoption of this provision, however, the failure to
record did not render such claims inadmissible as evidence.  n57 Although
ultimately held in violation of the United States  [*20]  Constitution, these
new legal standards created formidable obstacles for Mexican landowners.

   Linguistic differences also presented obstacles to the Mexican property
owner. Although property deeds were written in Spanish, in some instances the
determining official would proceed without the benefit of a translator. The
absence of a translator hindered the appeal process thereby obscuring the record
for those adjudicating subsequent appeals.  n58

   The United States government also served a major role in displacing Mexicans
from their land. Land contestants, lacking standing to challenge Mexican
property interests, were assisted in the filing of legal challenges to the title
holder. Upon paying a one thousand dollar bond, challengers could initiate
lawsuits in the name of the United States even though the government had no
interest in the lands adversely claimed by the private parties.  n59

   Federal agricultural land management legislation complemented
disenfranchisement and greatly expedited the despoilment of Mexican land
ownership. Specifically, the Homestead Act of 1862,  n60 the Reclamation Act of
1888,  n61 and the Morrill Act,  n62 promulgated to ease the entry into farming
and to preserve the status of the small-scale farmer, facilitated land ownership
for the dominant population. Settlers responding to agricultural legislation
commonly selected parcels of land, wherever it suited their purpose, without
regard to its Mexican holders.  n63 In Wheeler v. Bolton, the court noted that
with "the ideas brought with them from the older states, individuals sought to
appropriate by possession whatever land they deemed necessary for themselves
...."  n64 As one historical writer noted, federal agrarian legislation
perpetuated "outright confiscation and  [*21]  fraud" of holdings that were
purportedly "sold" to settlers during the westward expansion hysteria.  n65

   In the aggregate, the efforts of contestants and protracted extraneous
litigation overwhelmed the material and cultural resources of Mexican
landowners. Landownership status dropped sharply and, by 1860, only two out of
263 Texans owning property in excess of 100,000 acres were of Mexican origin.
n66

   Leaving "little to protect," land encroachers used agricultural legislation
to reduce the former landholding Mexican population to poverty stricken status.
n67 For those retaining agricultural landholdings, extraneous litigation ensured
the loss of communal grazing rights or the access to water, whereupon land
ownership rights and the economic independence of its Mexican landholders were
sharply reduced.  n68 Courts and subsequent agricultural legislation ensured the
ongoing process of Mexican dispossession, moving the Mexican population from the
center to the margins of Anglo-American law. With few remaining alternatives,
Mexicans returned to their former properties as laborers. As laborers, they
became subject to a new form of legal discrimination and dispossession. The
dominant agricultural ideology would shape the destinies of later arrivals,
including the rural workers of Mexican descent in the El Paso region.  n69

   II. EL PASO BORDER REGION: A CASE STUDY

   El Paso County, dominated by the City of El Paso, is one of the fastest
growing regions in the State of Texas. The region, in its totality, consists of
innumerable contrasts. As one of the largest cities along the border, it is also
one of the poorest cities in the nation.  n70 Notwithstanding poverty levels, El
Paso is instrumental to the export of domestic food products.  n71 Since the
1880s, when railroads linked El Paso with international markets, the region has
continued to serve a critical role in the agricultural sector by providing labor
throughout the United States. Mexican and Chicana/o  [*22]  labor, from the El
Paso region, play a central role in planting, harvesting and processing the
country's food supply.  n72 In Texas, specifically, agricultural legislation
introduced large scale commercial farming requiring a larger workforce for the
production of food.  n73 El Paso, thus, provides an important case study on the
impact of agricultural legislation and international agreements on workers of
Mexican descent.  n74

   A. El Paso's Demographic Attributes

   El Paso County became part of the State of Texas after the Treaty of
Guadalupe Hildago established the Rio Grande as the international boundary in
1848.  n75 In 1873, the Texas Legislature incorporated the City of El Paso. The
city's physical size has also expanded rapidly from 13.5 square miles in 1924 to
247 square miles in 1987. Natural boundaries constrain expansion to the eastern
edges of the county, an area encompassing ancient, fragile desert floor and
existing agricultural areas.   n76 Long a successful agricultural community, El
Paso benefits from favorable climatic seasons.

   El Paso is also one of the country's largest ports of entry.  n77 Between
sixty to ninety percent of El Paso's commerce is international. One author
[*23]  projects commercial, NAFTA-related activities and traffic between Mexico
and the United States will "double and redouble again before the turn of the
century."  n78 The expected increase in commercial endeavors and traffic demands
will thus push the boundaries of urban areas into the region's open and rural
spaces.

   The population of the city, reflecting this expansion, increased from 130,000
in 1950 to 515,360 in 1990, representing an annual increase of about 2.1 percent
each year.  n79 Two-thirds of the population of El Paso is of Mexican origin.
n80 Although this is a major international region, a large segment of the
population in El Paso is poverty stricken.  n81 Notwithstanding its diverse
economy, the region suffers from high unemployment rates.  n82 The low
educational levels of its population reflect the nature of employment. Forty
percent of El Paso's population, twenty-five years or older, lack a high school
diploma.  n83 High poverty rates and  [*24]  unemployment are linked to the
low-skilled requirements of major employers in the region.  n84 Residents are
employed in low-skill, low-wage areas in the agriculture, construction, and
manufacturing industries. In the service industry, Chicana/os find employment in
transportation, tourism, and retail centers.  n85

   The City of El Paso and rural communities in El Paso County are a major
source of labor for agriculture in the United States.  n86 In Texas, estimates
of the farmworker population range between fifty thousand and seven hundred
thousand.  n87 In El Paso, agricultural workers comprise one percent of the
city's population, but the migratory nature of employment, the erratic timing of
the census, and a lack of interest hinder more precise enumeration.  n88 The
population functions in meeting sectoral labor requirements, not only in Texas,
but throughout the United States.  n89

   B. Agricultural Legislation and Fieldworkers

   Unlike the region's new landowners, who have long benefitted from federal
agricultural economic programs, those retaining a new status as fieldworkers
remain excluded from this economic framework.  n90 Additionally, federal
agricultural legislation, with its primary emphasis on capital and employer
development, permits erratic terms and deplorable conditions of employment for
field workers. The federal emphasis on capital and employer development protects
the agricultural industry by denying farmworkers the rights granted to other
employees.  n91  [*25]

    Not only are farmworkers largely excluded from the protection of labor laws,
but post-1954 legislation, promulgated specifically to "protect" rural workers,
consists of weak remedies.  n92 These weak remedies contain buried exceptions
which permit courts to make "fine line distinctions," thereby preventing
structural long-term remedies for complainants in the process.  n93 Although the
working and living conditions of field workers have undergone intensive
scrutiny, their circumstances remain materially dismal.  n94

   As an illustration, farmworkers are denied the right to organize and bargain
collectively.  n95 Furthermore, the ability of growers to evade legal
obligations required of other employers has contributed to the underemployment
and impoverishment of field workers.  n96 Social and economic  [*26]  analyses
of the agricultural framework, and attendant laws facilitating food production
in the country, demonstrate a direct relationship between agricultural
exceptionalism and farmworker poverty.

   In turn, low wages and underemployment result in the exclusion of farmworkers
from most workers' compensation and unemployment insurance plans across the
country.  n97 Working conditions for field workers are poorly regulated, and
remedies intended to alleviate their status within the rural economy are
primarily limited to instances where field workers seek lost wages.  n98 Unlike
other forms of employment, field workers are not compensated for travel to and
from work in distant locations. Some employers, moreover, have sought to define
field workers as independent contractors,  n99 thus avoiding liability for
abusive labor contractors or pro-  [*27]  viding the necessity of basic housing
for migrants.   n100 Yet, even where remedies are available, legal distinctions
and exceptions disallow their application to agricultural labor.  n101

   Further evidence of deficient legal protections for farmworkers is manifested
in their encounters with occupational hazards,  n102 health  n103 and safety
dangers,  n104 exposure to pesticides,  n105 and at times, the prevalence of
physical  [*28]  and emotional difficulties.  n106 Child labor is not
infrequent,  n107 and children, at times, are jeopardized by pesticide spraying
n108 and other hazards.  n109  [*29]

    The failure of state and federal agencies to adequately enforce laws
protecting the health and working conditions of farmworkers extends beyond mere
neglect.  n110 Farm worker advocates contend that enforcement agencies and
agricultural employers share a tacit understanding that a token administration
of labor laws and other protective legislation will remain in force.  n111
Agricultural legislation precludes workers from access to health programs and
ensures that farmworkers, in large measure, lead marginal lives within the rural
economy. Within this construct, low wage levels further impede access to viable
housing markets, the subject of which is examined next.

   C. "Like Camping In A House:"  n112 El Paso Colonias

   There is an element of racism in allowing people to live like this. This
whole condition of colonias would never be tolerated in any other areas or
states.  n113  [*30]

    In El Paso, as elsewhere, the demand for adequate low income housing exceeds
the available supply.  n114 Urban field workers share crowded, high density,
tenement structures which frequently violate habitability standards,  n115 exact
exorbitant rents, and lack normal conveniences like private washroom facilities.
n116 In rural areas, farmworkers seek housing in colonias. Colonias are located
primarily in the unincorporated peripheries of El Paso and other counties
adjacent to the United States-Mexico border. Colonias are defined as:

   rural and unincorporated subdivisions characterized by substandard housing,
inadequate plumbing and sewage disposal systems, and inadequate access to clean
water. They are highly concentrated poverty pockets that are physically and
legally isolated from neighboring cities.  n117

   Colonia residents in El Paso include United States citizens, resident aliens,
and undocumented Mexicans working in agriculture,  n118 the maquila  [*31]
plants, or service-oriented industries.  n119 Unemployment or underemployment
levels for colonia residents are among the highest in the state.  n120

   The rapid and unsystematic expansion of colonia developments makes it
difficult to determine the number of colonias or their populations with
precision.  n121 One study estimated the existence of approximately 122 colonias
with 9,522 dwellings in El Paso County. Population estimates begin at 47,827
residents.  n122

   Several factors contribute to the appearance and expansion of colonias.
First, low wage levels exclude thousands of families from more expensive
segments of the housing market and, consequently, create a pressing demand for
affordable family housing.  n123 Second, urbanization in the El Paso region
encourages owner-operators to sell small tracts of land.   n124 By dividing land
into small units, sellers earn higher profits than by remaining in ranching or
farming operations. Third, sellers convey property through the use of contract
for deed. This form of conveyance facilitates the easy transfer of land. Low
wage levels encourage the forfeiture of property. Although several states have a
means of alleviating the harsh results of property sold through the contract for
deed, Texas offers among the least equitable remedies against forfeitures. As a
result, high default rates ensure the ongoing "sale" of rural land to poor
families which sellers eventually  [*32]  reacquire and, thus, reproduce the
cycle.  n125 Fourth, the absence of a defined regulatory process and county
rules, prohibiting developers from subdividing and selling rural land without
providing urban infrastructure, makes the transition from farmer-operator to
developer not only easy, but inexpensive.  n126

   Until May 1990, a lax regulatory process and state regulatory code only
required that developers record a plan of lot layouts that conformed to
"reasonable" requirements regarding streets and infrastructure. No law
explicitly required the "developer" provide running water, drainage, and
electricity.  n127 Therefore, a significant number of the lots lack the
infrastructure necessary to sustain housing structures.  n128 Promises of a
"forthcoming infrastructure" encourage potential buyers, who are drawn in by
easy terms of purchase and the hopes fleeing urban crime.

   Deemed "among the poorest (communities) in the nation," the colonias have
several features in common regarding their origins.  n129 Developers commonly
convey unplatted lots of rural property, ranging from 50 feet by 100 feet to
one-half acre lots, based on the contract of deed form of sale.  n130 Low income
buyers purchase lots for as low as $ 5.00 down and $ 5.00 a week.  n131 Colonia
housing stock ranges from brick ranch-style homes and mobile homes to units
built from materials such as discarded lumber, cereal boxes, and other inferior
construction materials.  n132 High proportions  [*33]  of household units are
overcrowded and have only one or no bedrooms.

   Lax regulations permit inadequate sewage disposal and an absence of paved
streets, sidewalks, storm drainage, public gas, electricity, and basic telephone
services.  n133 The absence of paved roads or enumerated addresses often
prevents medical personnel from assisting victims of automobile accidents and
other emergencies.  n134 Running water is rare in the colonias, and water is
commonly stored in fifty gallon steel drums and plastic containers that
previously stored hazardous or toxic waste.  n135 The colonia's water sources
include polluted runoff, contaminated wells, and irrigation canals that are
contaminated with sewage and agricultural chemicals.   n136

   D. Health Conditions

   The legal environment, which permits the existence of communities lacking
essential urban infrastructure, influences the health of residents as well as
the broader public.  n137 Colonia residents experience high levels of chronic
and environmentally related illnesses, including tuberculosis, gastroenteritis,
cholera, lead poisoning, diarrhea, and hepatitis.   n138 Several illnesses are
the result of the improper disposal of human waste.   n139 Inadequate sanitation
leads to higher incidents of chronic diseases, hypertension and skin rashes.
n140 The absence of monitoring air quality leads to additional health problems.
Congested, unpaved streets and the open burning of  [*34]  garbage and of
tires-outdoors and in stoves-to warm homes during cool evenings also imperil
breathing. Substandard heating materials are used, principally, because they are
inexpensive and not legally prohibited. In sum, colonia residents are paying the
costs of disparate living conditions based on their exclusion from the federal
regulatory structure. This exclusion is examined in the following section.

   E. Regulatory Framework

   The Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) provides home loans to rural residents
who are ineligible for private financing.  n141 Colonia buyers, however, fail to
qualify for home improvement loans for three principal reasons. First, colonia
residents lack clear title. Second, the lack of established credit hinders and
disqualifies colonia residents from borrowing from the FmHA. Third, the FmHA
excludes the contract for deed form of sale from its regulatory framework.

   The FmHA loan process adds to this difficult set of circumstances for a
number of reasons. First, the agency's alleged bias against low income buyers,
in some areas, triggers apprehension regarding its federal authority.  n142
Second, critics of the agency's process and procedure charge that the FmHA
neglects to inform the public whether FmHA funds available. Guidelines and
eligibility criteria for the program are not reaching the rural poor, and delays
and rejections in pre-application procedures are the source of extensive
disapproval.  n143 Critics of the agency, however, raise concerns over the
agency's subjective criteria used to determine who is eligible for funding.
n144

   Critics emphasize that the FmHA subjectively applies two additional criteria
regarding colonia developments. First, the applicant must meet eligibility
requirements, including established income limitations, a good credit history,
and capacity to meet the loan repayment terms. Low wages from service-industry
employment and agricultural employment invariably hinder a favorable credit
history. Second, the house selected for purchase must meet FmHA's standards for
modest, decent, safe, and sanitary housing. Housing advocates assert that
regulatory barriers and poor ad-  [*35]  ministration of housing funds
contribute to the lack of qualifications of colonia residents.  n145

   One major concern to colonia residents and critics of the FmHA process is
that the agency fails to perform outreach in local districts. This failure, in
effect, circumscribes the intent of the legislation.  n146 For example, Texas
returned over one-third of its original allocation, in part, because of over
zealous application of subjective criteria.  n147

   Outside the FmHA, seven other agencies have the potential to assist rural
areas in need of infrastructure.  n148 Yet rural areas experience difficulty in
identifying, comprehending, and using the multiplicity of federal programs.
n149 Although the objectives of the agencies and programs are similar,
eligibility criteria are "significantly different."  n150 For example, FmHA's
Very Low-Income Housing Repair Loans and Grants Program provides grants to
low-income, elderly homeowners. Loans and grants can be used for repairs to a
home's water or waste disposal system. In contrast, other programs restrict
eligibility to states, municipalities, nonprofit businesses, or Indian tribes
with a specific population size.  n151 In the aggregate, the process that has
the potential to provide rural residents with avenues to  [*36]  improvement,
facilitates rural slum developments. The impact of unregulated land use on rural
space and the added costs of rural slums is examined in the next section.

   F. Agricultural Disenfranchisement

   Gone are the days when cotton fields bloomed everywhere and the odor of
manure was considered perfume. "Nothing like the smell of cow manure in the
morning. Now that's country life."  n152

   Without conscious efforts to address appropriate land use and regulation, the
colonias and the problems residents face are expected to increase in the
foreseeable future. Evidence of the expected increase is found in rural
communities themselves and the loss of open space and former sites of
agricultural activity.  n153

   The expansion of colonia developments in the outlying areas encroaches on
fragile desert floor. As urban areas expand, families seeking low-income housing
alternatives are pulled into the rural lots.  n154 The prospect of immediate
profits induces farmers and ranchers  n155 to convert thousands of acres of
former agricultural,  n156 ranch, and ancient desert floor  n157 into land for
sale to the low-income buyer.

   Between 1962 and 1987, the region lost about one-third of its total acreage
and thousands of former agricultural farming operations to unplanned housing
subdivisions.  n158 In its entirety, the region serves as a striking example of
lost opportunity. The expected increase of international  [*37]  market activity
also continues to compromise the region's open spaces.  n159 The next section
examines the direct impact of international agreements on field workers,
primarily focusing on laborers working in the El Paso region.

   III. TRADE LIBERALIZATION, AGRICULTURAL WORKERS, AND EL PASO

   Contrary to popular debate, the expansion of global markets is not a recent
phenomenon. Since the 1960s, and particularly over the past decade, trade
barriers have been reduced in an effort to promote the expansion of agricultural
trade.  n160 The United States has granted duty-free treatment to selected
commodities from developing countries, including Mexico.   n161 Securing greater
access to foreign markets, NAFTA extends governmental privileges to growers and
other producers.  n162 The expansion of global markets has resulted in the
increased production of fruits and vegetables in Mexico while easing entry into
U.S. markets.  n163 This shift in food  [*38]  production escalates dependence
on export markets with a continued rise in consumption of complementary and
supplementary imported foods.   n164 Agricultural legislation, promulgated
during World War II, provides the foundation for current international
agreements impacting agriculture.

   A. Past Agricultural Legislation

   The Bracero Program, responding to sectoral labor needs during World War II,
constituted an international agreement meant to last the duration of the War.
The Program permitted temporary labor from Mexico into the United States to work
under contract in agriculture.  n165 It authorized a significant exception to
one of the most restrictive immigration laws passed during the period.  n166
While employers fared well, the experiences of Mexican laborers makes the
Bracero Program a notorious incident in Chicano history.

   Breaches of contracts, failure to provide compensation, charges of
discriminatory treatment, and slave-like treatment of workers plagued the
program.  n167 The increased flow of Mexican labor into the United States
flooded the labor market and, consequently, depressed wage levels even  [*39]
further.  n168 When workers objected or sought to assert their rights by joining
unions or utilizing other legal venues, employers garnered the support of the
federal sector to stifle their efforts.  n169 The mechanization of the cotton
harvest in El Paso and in other regions, which reduced the need for labor, and
the intensified criticism from worker advocates ultimately ended the Bracero
Program in 1964. The following year, however, the United States and Mexico
agreed to yet another international program involving rural workers.

   The Border Industrialization Program (BIP), introduced in 1965, was expected
to offset high unemployment rates as a result of the termination of the Bracero
Program. The program, however, did very little in providing employment for
former braceros. Ultimately, the BIP and its predecessor, the Bracero Program,
both laid the foundation for the region's "twin assembly plant" concept.

   Twin assembly plant manufacturing occurs principally in Mexican "maquilas."
n170 Primarily United States owned industries, maquilas assemble imported raw
materials or component parts basically duty free.  n171 After processing, the
products are returned to the United States for final assembly. Maquilas
"epitomize the essence" of the region's economy. Corporations take advantage of
disparate wage and labor benefits and employ hundreds of thousands of Mexicans
and Chicana/os.  n172 Although initially justified as a program for male
workers, the industry presently  [*40]  retains a hiring preference for young,
female, first-time entrants into the labor force.  n173 In many respects, work
in this industry parallels working conditions in the fields. Those conditions
include repetitive work tasks,  n174 low wage levels, few benefits or options
for promotion, and the absence of unions. Employers are also charged with
designing the work process to ensure instability of employment and high
turnover.

   NAFTA is expected to increase the number of maquiladoras in the region.  n175
This expectation has raised concerns regarding the alleged impact of the
industry on the environment.  n176 The primary issue addressed encompasses the
alleged health hazards caused by the disposal of hazardous waste, cross-boundary
air pollution, and workplace exposure to toxic substances.  n177 Although
several maquiladoras produce hazardous waste,  [*41]  including spent solvents,
acids, caustic materials and paint waste, few studies have focused on its
disposal.  n178 While controversy over the above issues led to the adoption of a
Supplemental Agreement to NAFTA which addresses specific environment concerns,
its impact is uncertain.   n179

   B. NAFTA

   A primary goal of trade liberalization ensures United States agriculture free
access to a growing Mexican market by eliminating or lowering trade barriers.
While it has openly and explicitly promoted an open marketplace for capital and
goods,  n180 the impact of NAFTA on agricultural labor remains largely obscured.

   In its original form, NAFTA did not explicitly address labor issues. In
response to criticism potentially strong enough to block the Agreement, its
drafters permitted side accord agreements specific to agricultural la-  [*42]
bor.  n181 The Supplemental North American Agreement on Labor Cooperation
permits any of the three countries to file complaints based on health and
safety,  n182 child labor, and minimum wage concerns of migrant farm workers.
n183

   Although written to create an illusion of worker-protection, the substance of
the accords demonstrate the provisions neither guarantee better working
conditions  n184 nor provide economic incentives otherwise afforded to the
agricultural sector. Meaningful standards and functional definitions, moreover,
are consistently lacking throughout the Supplement's provisions. Rather than
establish tangible labor standards, the Agreement provides generalities
regarding its obligation to "promote" high-skill, high-productivity economic
development in North America."  n185

   Punitive measures for violations of workers' rights, whether domestic or
international, intentional or unintentional, moreover, are not pro-  [*43]
vided.  n186 Where meaningful standards and functional definitions are provided,
they contradict the stated purpose of the Agreement's goals.   n187

   NAFTA's adjudicatory procedures, moreover, emphasize other troubling features
related to agricultural workers. For example, its implementing regulations
establish an informal dispute mechanism composed of commissions to serve as
"impartial and independent tribunals to review, consult, examine, reconvene and
file complaints.  n188 Proponents of informal mechanisms contend that they are
more beneficial to the disadvantaged in comparison to traditional and formal
methods of resolving disputes.

   Evidence comparing informal and formal mechanisms, however, sharply
contradicts these assertions.  n189 Informal adjudicatory procedures have not
permitted fair and objective hearings for people of color. Critics maintain that
the move towards "deformalization" may increase the risk of class-based
prejudice.  n190 Traditional jurisprudence has served to place agricultural
workers outside the realm of legal remedy.  n191

   In essence, NAFTA ensures the economic segregation of field workers of
Mexican descent, and deprives them of the benefits the Agreement affords other
segments of agriculture. This suggests a disturbing trend of privileging and
enriching a select few within the agricultural sector at the expense of those at
the bottom. The granting of an "unconditional, substantive, and enduring
[federal] benefit to a select few," without an examination of its distributional
effects on those at the bottom of the socioeconomic ladder, discourages
equality.  n192  [*44]

    If one of NAFTA's primary goals is to benefit the nation's agricultural
sector, the Agreement has ignored rural workers, who have contributed
significantly to this sector's economic success. Their labor in the fields and
food processing plants has comprised an essential element in the nation's "cheap
food policy."  n193 Alternative strategies in promoting international
agreements, however, are feasible, and would promote the potential for change.
The basis of this premise is examined in the following section.

   IV. STRUCTURE AND BARRIERS TO THE FARMING ENTERPRISE

   A. Corporate Ownership and the Agricultural Industry

   Production agriculture in the Western World is now entering the last phase of
industrialization-the integration of each step in the food production system.
The production segment is rapidly becoming part of an industrialized food
system.  n194

   In direct contradiction to the stated goals of agricultural policy,
protecting farming in the country,  n195 federal legislation has expedited the
growth of larger and more highly integrated farming operations  n196 and  [*45]
has ensured greater dependence on food imports into the United States.  n197
This single focus of federal intervention has perpetuated the decline of smaller
and moderate-sized farm operations unable to compete with large scale operations
and corporate holdings.  n198 This decline has led to a less diverse and healthy
farm sector.  n199

   Agricultural legislation in the United States provides preferential treatment
to select segments of the agricultural sector on the grounds of advancing a
"cheap food policy." One aim of agricultural legislation, moreover, demonstrates
the pursuit of economies of scale as a primary goal. This focus is premised on
the presumption that larger-based operations are more efficient. In this
country, "efficiency is equated with profitability."  n200  [*46]

    To ensure the protection and efficiency of the agricultural industry,
agribusiness has drawn public entitlements  n201 from farm credits, improved
technology,  n202 and subsidized commodity prices and farm income.  n203 The
basic thrust of federal agricultural intervention has induced dramatic  [*47]
changes in the structure of food production in the United States.  n204 Since
1935, the number of farms in the United States has declined while ownership and
control of farm assets have increasingly become concentrated in large commercial
farming enterprises.  n205 Between 1935 and 1992, the number of farms in the
nation declined from 6.8 million to 1.9 million.  n206 The shift towards greater
corporate ownership promotes two costly consequences.

   The first consequence is a steady decline in the total number and diversity
of agricultural farming operations.  n207 The second is the increasing
difficulty of new operator entry into the sector.  n208 Individuals interested
in starting agricultural operations face difficult hurdles in obtaining
financing to cover operating costs and the cost of acquiring land.   n209 During
the mid-1980s, the number of new entrants declined approximately twenty-five
percent annually, with no indication of abating.  n210  [*48]

    Corporate ownership, furthermore, raises troubling questions. Specifically,
how should land and other natural assets be owned and distributed, and who
should be allowed to farm? One aspect of this dilemma is that Chicana/o
agricultural workers who seek ownership of farming operations rarely have the
opportunity either to access or qualify for farm ownership.  n211 If federally
derived NAFTA and global restructuring are to offer opportunities for United
States agriculture, then agricultural workers, as an essential component of the
sector, merit consideration.

   B. Environmental Concerns

   The decline of new and small farm acquisition is not simply the result of
inevitable and neutral global processes. The nation's present agricultural
policies and legislation have failed to address or enhance Chicana/o farm
ownership. The increased emphasis on foreign exports, in conjunction with a
federal emphasis on "economies of scale," encourages greater concentration of
holdings. The entry of the maquila industry into food processing,  n212 as an
example, encourages vertical integration and consolidation of farm operations.
n213 This raises questions about definitional standards over the nature of
agricultural operations and farming.  [*49]

    Policies which enhance the increase in vertical corporate entities  n214 and
threaten the survival of small and moderate-sized holdings,  n215 fail to
address issues of equality, farm preservation,  n216 and the quality of food and
life in the nation.  n217 Consumers are increasingly demanding pesticide-free
fruits and vegetables, thereby encouraging alternative methods of commodity
production in order to boost the health and safety of the food supply. Global
restructuring presents a means of removing barriers for those trying to remain
in, or seek entry into, farming.  [*50]

    The NAFTA debate emphasized the degradation of the environment along the
international border.  n218 It demonstrated the wasteful and unhealthy
environmental impact of current agricultural policy and the need to reform the
supervision of the country's natural resources.  n219 The supervision of natural
resources directly impacts issues of food safety.  n220 The debates regarding
NAFTA's impact on the quality of life at the border drew attention away from
farmland preservation onto other environmental imperatives.  n221 Both issues,
however, instrumentally affect the present and future of the nation's
agricultural workers.  [*51]

    Alternative agricultural legislation and policy providing for equal
treatment of the agricultural worker would enhance the safety of this country's
food supply and facilitate food exports, as well as protect small- and
moderate-sized agricultural interests from dislocation.  n222 It would also
induce new entrants into farming. The next section examines legislation and
other efforts to protect the country's eroding cropland base.

   C. Farmland Preservation Legislation

   Throughout the country, productive cropland has been replaced by shopping
centers, discount centers, paved roads, and unmanageable metropolitan growth.
n223 Developers are particularly attracted to flat and well-drained farm land
for commercial, industrial, and residential purposes.  n224 In El Paso, the
construction industry reflects a "boom period" as expensive developments and
rural slums displace former open spaces.   n225 In areas outside the border
region, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the Council on
Environmental Quality (CEQ) confirmed the fears that rural cropland and open
spaces were rapidly  [*52]  disappearing.  n226 The report ignited long,
contentious debates, alarmed many, and intensified the national discussion over
farmland preservation issues.  n227

   Pointing to inadequacies in the methodology and data, some critics charged
that the National Agricultural Land Study was misleading. Others assailed the
findings as romantic and misguided,  n228 playing on public perceptions of
losing the "family farm" to "factories in the fields."  n229 Notwithstanding the
criticism, farm operators are still, nonetheless, pressured to sell their
acreage on the edge of metropolitan areas. In an attempt at compromise, Congress
promulgated the Farmland Protection Policy Act of 1981 (The Act),  n230 which
acknowledged in its statement of findings that the country faced a cropland
shortage. The Act, however, possesses shortcomings, such as ineffective
enforcement mechanisms and procedures for accomplishing its stated goal.  n231

   Consequently, the task of balancing farmland preservation with urban growth
is left to state and local governments.  n232 An array of efforts to protect
farmland includes property tax relief,  n233 zoning mechanisms,  n234 land
trusts,  n235 anti-corporate farming statutes,  n236 impact fees,  n237 conser-
[*53]  vation easements,  n238 development rights programs,  n239 and
agricultural districting. States' enactment of statewide or regional
comprehensive land use control measures,  n240 differential assessments,  n241
and right-to-farm laws  n242 also enhance farmland preservation. Limited in
their scope, however, they are primarily local and short-term efforts to control
the food supply rather than the adoption of long-range plans.  n243

   Farmland preservation is critical for ensuring domestic food needs, as well
as facilitating the export of agricultural commodities. Expedited by federal
legislation, globalization of the agricultural economy should discourage the
advanced consolidation of smaller operations while favoring larger and capital
intensive operations. Preservation programs aimed at protecting smaller and
moderate-sized agricultural businesses and programs which encourage new entrants
into the agriculture industry exist and are recognized in legislation as
positive goals.  n244 Yet these programs have  [*54]  failed to include rural
workers of Mexican background or to curtail "oligopsonistic ownership."  n245

   D. A Proposed Alternative: "Has Anyone Seen Mom and Pop?"  n246

   United States farming has long functioned under an implied "agricultural
ladder," in which field labor was considered the first rung on the ladder, an
entry level position to farm ownership: the agricultural "American Dream."
According to this view, the creation of conditions promoting new economic
opportunities in the region, assisting field workers, adding to the diversity of
the rural environment and protecting the environment by curtailing controlled
growth in the region would enhance longstanding agricultural policies and would
promote equal treatment of field workers. Alternative forms of sustainable
economic development would expand opportunities to protect existing cropland and
the rural spaces of major border areas.

   Within the context of global restructuring of the agricultural marketplace,
the creation of a federal framework by way of land trusts would permit workers a
return to their former properties as landowners.   n247 The value of Chicana/os
as operators is seen through (a) their historical roots in agricultural
enterprises and (b) their use of alternative forms of sustainable agriculture.
Land trusts are accomplished when a landowner transfers property to a trustee or
appoints himself as the trustee of the property. Establishing land trusts would
assist potential entrants into the agricultural sector,  n248 permitting the
establishment of small or moderate-sized farm operations.  n249 Land trusts
would offer field workers access to  [*55]  economic incentives provided under
current agricultural legislation and would allow their direct participation to
the regulatory structure.   n250 Presently, under the NAFTA the conditions of
agricultural workers is limited to the labor construct. The notable absence of
people of color in the class of agricultural owners deserves attention from the
drafters of international agreements and the agricultural agenda.  n251
Encouraging agricultural ownership for farm workers would facilitate their equal
treatment in the new global environment and introduce diversity into the
agricultural sector.

   By demonstrating economic disadvantage, farmworkers could qualify for
participation and eventually ownership status. Anti-corporate farming
legislation would shape the contours and parameters of this structure to
encourage smaller family-sized operations,  n252 encourage farmworkers to
achieve landowning status, improve their economic standing  n253 and ultimately
protect potential cropland and open spaces in the long run.

   CONCLUSION

   The decline of new and small farm acquisition is not simply the result of
inevitable, neutral global processes; the nation's present agricultural policies
and legislation have failed to address and enhance diversity in farm ownership.
The increased emphasis on foreign exports, in conjunction  [*56]  with a federal
emphasis on "economies of scale," encourages greater concentration of holdings,
with some states aggressively promoting consolidation and entry of the maquila
industry into food processing. This encourages further consolidation of farm
operations and raises questions about definitional standards as to the nature of
agricultural operations and farming. Policies enhancing the increase of vertical
corporate entities threaten the survival of small and moderate-sized holdings
and fail to address issues of equality, farm preservation, and the quality of
food and life in the nation. Global restructuring presents opportunities that
would remove barriers for those trying to remain in, or to seek entry into,
farming and enhance diversity within agricultural policy.

   Alternative agricultural legislation should target the development of a class
of small farmers from the large and disadvantaged populations which merge in the
El Paso region.  n254 The region provides a community of young potential farmers
a major basis for agricultural legislation, is the site of long-neglected rural
slums whose poor conditions have been accentuated by international agreements,
and comprises a key region impacted by international agreements.

   If one of the stated goals of NAFTA is to benefit this country's agricultural
sector, the labor force must be included in the realm of agricultural law and
not simply viewed as temporary and expendable workers. Historically colonized by
formal annexation, former owner operators were reduced to poverty, their
descendants consistently excluded from the protection and benefits of
agricultural law. The NAFTA, subject to periodic review, and other international
agreements should incorporate farm preservation at localities impacted by trade
liberalization agreements. Establishing a mechanism to encourage alternative
forms of sustainable agriculture, by setting aside land trusts in key regions,
would encourage and facilitate entry into small farm ownership. It would
ultimately encourage equal treatment and diversity in the farm sector, assist
the recognized goals of farmland preservation statutes, encourage other rural
development, and advance the goals of international agreements. The role of
federal legislation in determining farming operations is long established and
deemed a beneficial enterprise, with farm preservation meeting difficult
standards of proof required by modern day reinterpretations. Its attendant
consequences, thus, offer a valuable opportunity to shift the status of
agricultural underdogs within the rural economy.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawSupremacy ClauseSupreme Law of the LandConstitutional LawEqual
ProtectionScope of ProtectionInternational Trade LawTrade AgreementsLabor
Provisions

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Dwight MacDonald, Henry Wallace: The Man And The Myth 47 (2d. 1948)
(characterization of agricultural workers during promulgation of agricultural
relief legislation). During that period, approximately three million wageworkers
on farms, thirteen million individuals in tenant families, and three million in
sharecropping families were included within the rural population. Agricultural
legislative benefits, however, excluded wageworkers, and members of tenant and
sharecropper families, in part because they were not landowners of agricultural
property. Id. at 46.




n2  2. Lothrop Stoddard, Re-Forging America: The Story of Our Nationhood 214
(1927).




n3  3. See, e.g., Jim Chen, Agricultural Public Law, Cases and Materials (1994);
Don Paarlberg, Farm and Food Policies: Issues of the 1980s 1-7 (1980). U.S.
agricultural legislation is based on the "concept of agriculture's uniqueness"
responding to a set of ideas known as "agrarianism, or agricultural
fundamentalism, or the agricultural creed." Id. at 1. The agricultural creed
translates into such assertions as the following:

   Farmers were considered uniquely worthy. The Jeffersonian ideal was a nation
of family farm operators producing food, the most needed product of all. Farmers
were considered good God-fearing citizens, stalwart defenders of the republic,
and a stabilizing element in the society. Those who grew up in the country did
not need to be taught these values; they absorbed them through their pores.

   Id.




n4  4. Exemptions from federal legislation, normally applicable to those in
non-agricultural settings, comprise the Doctrine of Agricultural Exceptionalism.
See, e.g., Ernesto Galarza, Merchants of Labor, The Mexican Bracero Story 106
(1964) (referring to Carey McWilliams' "Great Exception" model describing
agribusiness exceptions as "common principles of social legislation" and "the
basic tenets of free enterprise"); Marc Linder, Farm Workers and the Fair Labor
Standards Act: Racial Discrimination in the New Deal, 65 Tex. L. Rev. 1335
(1987). For a general observation on the nature of employing field workers in
light of conflicting laws, see generally, Philip L. Martin, Harvest of
Confusion, Mexican Workers in U.S. Agriculture (1988); David M. Saxowsky et al.,
Employing Migrant Agricultural Workers: Overcoming The Challenge of Complying
With Employment Laws, 69 N.D. L. Rev. 307 (1993).




n5  5. The consequences of this preferential treatment is evident by the size of
the sector. See Carlo V. DiFlorio & Matthew McLees, Pesticide Regulation: The
Plight of Migrant Farmworkers v. The Politics of Agribusiness, Dick. J. Envtl.
L. & Pol'y 148 (1992) (citing Dennis R. Dullinger, Cursed Is The Ground:
Pesticide Regulation and Farmworkers, 5 Law & Ineq. J. 453 (1987)); Donald B.
Pedersen, Introduction to The Agricultural Law Symposium , 23 U.C. Davis L. Rev.
401, 404 (1990) ("Agriculture has been and remains the nation's most significant
industry with special needs and with its own set of interest groups."). In 1992,
the farm sector's position in the U.S. economy equaled $ 85.6 billion. When the
farm sector's effects are combined with other sectors of the economy, as in
manufacturing, transportation and food processing, the contribution to the gross
domestic product is over $ 1 trillion. The nation's portion of the gross
domestic product totals $ 6 trillion. U.S. Gen. Accounting Office,
GAO/RCED-95-104FS, U.S. Agric.: Status of the Farm Sector 6-7 (1995). When
expanded definitions of the farm sector include inputs such as fertilizer,
seeds, machinery, and outputs which channel into other sectors of the economy,
added totals reveal a $ 1.1 trillion contribution to the 1992 gross domestic
product. Id.




n6  6. Signed by the governments of Mexico, Canada, and the United States, the
North American Free Trade Agreement contracts the three countries to the
creation of the world's largest free market. See North American Free Trade
Agreement, Pub. L. No. 103-182, 107 Stat. 2057 (1993) (codified at 19 U.S.C.
3301 (1994)) [hereinafter NAFTA or Agreement].  See also CCH, NAFTA Text (1994).
The focus of this Article is on United States-Mexico relations. Canada, also a
signatory to the Agreement, is omitted from this discussion. NAFTA adds to the
wide array of benefits awarded agriculture through global restructuring which
facilitates greater markets for growers and producers.




n7  7. Paarlberg, supra note 3, at 7.




n8  8. A migrant or agricultural worker "means an individual employed in
agricultural employment of a seasonal or other temporary nature, and who is
required to be absent overnight from his permanent place of residence." 29
U.S.C. 1802(8)(A) (1988). A seasonal worker is "an individual who is employed in
agricultural employment of a seasonal or other temporary nature and is not
required to be absent overnight from his permanent place of residence ...." 29
U.S.C. 1802(10)(A). Notwithstanding definitional demarcations, a field worker
can occupy both categories. For an overview on the conflicting nature of
identification of field workers, see generally Martin, supra note 4.




n9  9. I use the term "Mexican" to refer to all people of Mexican birth and
descent; "Mexican nationals" refers to citizens of Mexico; and "Chicana/Chicano"
refers to Mexicans residing in the United States. I use the term "Latina/Latino"
to refer to Puerto Ricans, Cubans, and those from Central and South America. The
terms are used interchangeably with an "emphasis on self-designations." See
Genaro M. Padilla, My History, Not Yours (1993). Other authors employ
alternative designators. See, e.g., Berta Esperanza Hernandez Truyol, Building
Bridges-Latinas and Latinos at the Crossroads: Realities, Rhetoric and
Replacement, 25 Colum. Hum. Rts. L. Rev. 369 (1994); Margaret Montoya, Mascaras,
Trenzas y Grenas: Un/Masking the Self While Un/Braiding Personal Experience,
Latina Heritage, and Legal Socialization, 17 Harv. Women's L.J. 188 (1994);
Yvonne M. Cherena Pacheco, Latino Surnames: Formal and Informal Forces in the
United States Affecting the Retention and Use of The Maternal Surname, 18 T.
Marshall L. Rev. 1 (1982).




n10  10. U.S. Bureau of the Census, 1992 Census of Agriculture, U.S. Data
Characteristics of Operator and Type Operated by Black and Other Races, 1992,
1987, and 1982 (1994). Since the beginning of New Deal legislation, written to
assist farming operations, the farm bloc was "extremely sensitive about
interference' on behalf of farm laborers." MacDonald, supra note 1, at 48. When
agricultural officials were drafting the legislation, they received a
"horrifying report" on the working conditions of farm laborers and allegedly
asserted "we can't touch that. It's dynamite!" Id. In response to this hands off
treatment, Congress excluded farm labor from the scope of wage and hour laws,
formally imposed the unequal and disparate treatment of farm laborers, and
simultaneously protected and privileged agricultural employers.




n11  11. Legal commentary on the working conditions of field workers advance
"powerlessness" models. Within the venue of agricultural law, the author
disagrees. I seek the exposure of disparate conditions for field workers which
are structurally imposed by agricultural law. By failing to reach field workers
who seek access to the regulatory framework, agricultural law ensures field
workers remain on the outside of federally derived agricultural benefits
afforded others in the industry. Within the realm of agricultural law, my goal
is to expose structural inconsistencies and the distributional impacts of its
regulatory framework on field workers. Professor Gerald Torres asserts, "taking
into account the racially distributional impacts of a particular regulation may
be required in order to avoid perpetuating a racially identifiable set of
harms." Gerald Torres, Race, Class, Environmental Regulation, Introduction:
Understanding Environmental Racism , 63 U. Colo. L. Rev. 839, 841 (1992). He
states that "once a racially disparate impact is made clear, pleading ignorance
is no defense." Id. Not dissimilarly, I contend that the economic interests of
the agricultural sector are facilitated by federal agrarian legislation, the
basis of which includes assertions attesting to its perceived "uniqueness." This
federal emphasis is devoted almost exclusively to the interests of capital,
employer, and production. Agricultural workers are legally disallowed from
protections and treatment afforded other workers. The counterbalance of labor
interests in other sectoral areas is specifically excluded. This impacts their
equal participation within the economic agricultural agenda and ensures they
fall into the realm of a marginal existence. This Article thus focuses on the
outsider status of rural workers of Mexican descent. See, e.g., Mari Matsuda,
Public Response to Racist Speech: Considering the Victim's Story, 87 Mich. L.
Rev. 2320 (1989) [hereinafter Considering the Victim's Story] (the term
"outsider" is used to avoid term "minority;" the term "minority" contradicts
"the numerical significance of the constituencies typically excluded from
jurisprudential discourse"); Philip D. Ortego, The Chicano Renaissance, in La
Causa Chicana, The Movement for Justice 53 (Margaret M. Mangold ed., 1971/1972)
("Mexican Americans themselves were kept at arm's length as outsiders").




n12  12. Across the country, Latino males, as identified by the U.S. Census, are
more likely to be employed in farming, forestry and fishing than non-Latino
males (8.6% v. 3.7%). Latino females share a similar characterization, totaling
1.2 percent compared to 0.9 percent non-Latinas. U.S. Dep't Census, The Hispanic
Population of the U.S. Southwest Borderland, c3.196: P-23/172 (1991); see also
CPR Series P-20, No. 465: Rural & Rural Farm Population (1987). Population
figures, however, remain inexact as a result of the mobility of the agricultural
workforce during census surveys. See, e.g., Leslie A. Whitener, A Statistical
Portrait Of Hired Farmworkers, Monthly Lab. Rev. 49 (1994) (nature of seasonal
work ensures undercounting of field workers when workers are not employed on
farms during the census period). The failure of a national survey offering
concise population figures hampers exact measurement of the agricultural
workforce and is the subject of conjecture. See Report of the Commission on
Agricultural Workers 1 (1992) ("farmworkers are consistently undercounted"). See
also William K. Barger & Ernesto M. Reza, The Farm Labor Movement in the
Midwest, Social Change and Adoption among Migrant Farmworkers (1994).




n13  13. Richard Delgado, Inequality "From the Top": Applying An Ancient
Prohibition to An Emerging Problem of Distributive Justice, 32 UCLA L. Rev.  100
(1984) (critically examining issue of the federal sector conferring an
"unconditional, substantial and enduring benefit on a few favorites" and its
"impact on matters of equality relative to distributional purposes").




n14  14. The author is conscious of the fact that the use of a case study is
subject to criticism. See, e.g., Daniel A. Farber & Suzanne Sherry, The 200,000
Cards of Dimitri Yurasov: Further Reflections on Scholarship and Truth, 46 Stan.
L. Rev. 647, 652 n.38 (1994); Daniel A. Farber & Suzanne Sherry, Telling Stories
Out of Law School: An Essay on Legal Narratives, 45 Stan. L. Rev. 807 (1993).
But see, Richard Delgado, On Telling Stories in School: A Reply to Farber and
Sherry, 46 Vand. L. Rev. 665 (1993); Jane B. Baron, Resistance to Stories, 67 S.
Cal. L. Rev. 255 (1994).




n15  15. Devon Pena & Jose Rivera, Historic Acequia Communities In The Upper Rio
Grande (1995) (unpublished essay on file with the author). This approach is
required in light of the ongoing retrenchment of affirmative action law. See,
e.g. , City of Richmond v. J.A. Croson Co., 488 U.S. 469 (1989); Adarand
Constr., Inc. v. Pena, 63 U.S.L.W. 4523 (1995). For an examination of the close
relationship between law and retrenchment relative to antidiscrimination law,
see Kimberle Williams Crenshaw, Race, Reform, and Retrenchment: Transformation
and Legitimation In Antidiscrimination Law, 101 Harv. L. Rev. 1331 (1988).




n16  16. At the federal and state levels, regulatory programs sponsor programs
targeting new farmers. See U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-93-95, Farm
Finance: Number of New Farmers is Declining (1993). See also Food, Agriculture,
Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990, Pub. L. No. 101-624, 1465-1470, 104 Stat.
3359, 3616-19 (1990). Most programs fund the acquisition of farmland and
depreciable property, including farm machinery and breeding livestock. To
qualify, applicants must meet farmland ownership and net worth tests. Field
workers are typically excluded from land ownership because they cannot meet
minimal requirements.




n17  17. Brown v. Board of Educ., 347 U.S. 483 (1954).




n18  18. See, e.g., Fair Housing Act, 42 U.S.C. 3601-3619 (1988) (the Act,
originally enacted as Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968, was expanded
by the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988); Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000e-1 (1976) (barring discriminatory acts and practices by
private employers). Individuals of Mexican background have long struggled to
achieve access to public programs and have earned small gains in the area of
public accommodations. See, e.g., Terrell Wells Swimming Pool v. Rodriguez, 182
S.W.2d 824 (Tex. Ct. App. 1944) (swimming pools); White v. Register, 412 U.S.
755 (1973) (the franchise through the elimination of poll taxes and literacy
tests and assurance of minimally fair representation); Edgewood Indep. Sch.
Dist. v. Kirby, 777 S.W.2d 391 (Tex. 1989); San Antonio Indep. Sch. Dist. v.
Rodriguez, 411 U.S. 1 (1973) (the equality of education directed at property
poor school districts); Juan Gomez Quinones, Chicano Politics: Reality & Promise
1940-1990 (1990); John Staples Shockley, Chicano Revolt In A Texas Town (1974).
These small increments of structural change, nonetheless, consistently face
resistance by those purporting to apply constitutional directives. See City of
Richmond v. J.A. Croson Co., 488 U.S. 469 (1989); Adarand Constr., Inc. v. Pena,
63 U.S.L.W. 4523 (1995). Legal commentary noting this general erosion and
retrenchment calls for the "serious reflection of civil rights." See, e.g.,
Derrick Bell et al., Racial Reflections: Dialogues In The Direction of
Liberation, 37 UCLA L. Rev. 1037 (1990).




n19  19. "Latinos residing in rural areas have access to less human capital, are
underemployed and have lower incomes than their metro counterparts." M. Leif
Jensen & Marta Tienda, Nonmetropolitan Minority Families in the United States:
Trends In Racial and Ethnic Economic Stratification, 1959-1986, 54 Rural Soc.
509 (1989); see also Refugio I. Rochin, Hispanic Americans in the Rural Economy:
Conditions, Issues, Probable Future Adjustments, Nat'l Rural Stud. Comm. 62
(1992); Demographic Dynamics of the U.S.-Mexico Border (John R. Weeks & Roberto
Ham-Chande eds., 1992); Raul A. Fernandez, The Mexican-American Border Region
(1989) Rogelio Saens & John K. Thomas, Minority Poverty in Nonmetropolitan
Texas, 56 Rural Soc. 204 (1991); U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-93-40FS,
Rural Development Profile of Rural Areas (1993) ("Many of the poorest nonmetro
counties are located where populations contain a high percentage of racial
minorities"); U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-94-165, Rural Development:
Patchwork of Federal Programs Needs To Be Reappraised (1994); Dennis U. Fisher,
Texas Agricultural Extension Service, Status of Rural Texas (1992).




n20  20. Disenfranchised property owner Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo, quoted in
Padilla, supra note 9, at 3. Mariano Guadalupe Vallejo was the prior owner of
vast numbers of territories in San Francisco, Sonoma and Napa valleys,
instrumental in formation of California as a state, and served as Mayor of
Sonoma. Id. at 78. For an example of litigation affecting Vallejo's property see
United States v. Vallejo, 28 F. Cas. 356 (1859).




n21  21. See, e.g., Americo Paredes, A Border Ballad and Its Hero, "With his
pistol in his hand" 152 (1958); Maria Herrera-Bobek, Northward Bound: The
Mexican Immigrant Experience In Ballad and Song (1993); Americo Paredes, A
Texas-Mexican Cancionero (1976).




n22  22. See, e.g., Americo Paredes, Between Two Worlds (1991); Guillermo
Gomez-Pena, Warrior For Gringostroika (1993).




n23  23. See, e.g., Oscar J. Martinez, Troublesome Border (1988) (location of
"international disputes, banditry, racial strife, uncontrolled illegal
migration, large-scale smuggling of drugs, corrupt behavior of officials, and a
haven for unassimilated and separatist-prone people"); Juan Gomez-Quinones,
Roots of Chicano Politics, 1600-1940 (1994); Joel Brinkley, A Success at the
Border Earned Only a Shrug, N.Y. Times, Sept. 14, 1994, at A1 ("Operation
Blockade" placed 400 border patrol officers at El Paso border, to deter
undocumented entry into the United States). Critics charge, however, blockade
tactics equal "xenophobia," Mexico has filed a diplomatic protest, and El Paso
merchants are pleading hardship because of declining sales. Sue Anne Pressley,
Bordering on Extreme: A U.S. Clampdown on Illegals Crossing Into El Paso Has
Created A Controversy, Wash. Post Nat'l Wkly Ed., Nov. 22-28, 1993, at 34.




n24  24. The term "border" is used in a demographic sense. Demographic Dynamics
of the U.S.-Mexico Border, supra note 19, at 4 (any demarcation defining a
territory for the study of border phenomena should be considered more as a
"geographic context" than a region "owing to the recognition of specific
problems' unique to the area"). Functional definitions of the border,
nonetheless, remain elusive. Id.




n25  25. See, e.g., Rochin, supra note 19, at 62; Paredes, A Border Ballad And
Its Hero, supra note 21, at 11; Josiah Gregg, The Commerce of the Prairies, 303
(1844) (personal account of 1831 trip of the Santa Fe Trail encountered group
from Paso del Norte transporting fresh and dried, apples, pears, grape, wine to
"distant markets"); Mario T. Garcia, Desert Immigrants, The Mexicans of El Paso,
1880-1920 (1981); Teschemacher v. United States, 23 F. Cas. 862 (1855)
(cultivation of corn, beans, watermelons in Mexican rural settlements). For a
historical perspective of the Chicana/o presence in the Midwest, see Dennis N.
Valdes, The New Northern Borderlands: An Overview of Midwestern Chicano History,
2 Persp. in Mexican Amer. Stud. 1 (1989); Dennis N. Valdes, Betabeleros: The
Formation of an Agricultural Proletariat in the Midwest, 1897-1930, 30 Lab.
Hist. 537 (1989).




n26  26. The City of El Paso, is one of the poorest cities in a major border
region. See, e.g., U.S. Dep't of Commerce, Bureau of Census, Household and
Family Characteristics (1992); The Institute for Manufacturing and Materials
Management, Paso del Norte Regional Economy Socioeconomic Profile (1992)
[hereinafter Paso del Norte Regional Economy]; El Paso Dep't of Community &
Human Dev., Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy for El Paso (1993)
[hereinafter Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy ]. The segregation of
this community dates to annexation of former Mexico territories. See , e.g.,
Richard Griswold del Castillo, Myth and Reality: Chicano Economic Mobility in
Los Angeles, 1850-1880 , 6 Aztlan 51 (1975); Arnoldo de Leon & Kenneth L.
Stewart, Lost Dreams and Found Fortunes: Mexican and Anglo Immigrants in South
Texas, 1850-1900, 14 West. Hist. Q.  291 (1983) (census data). For an analysis
on how Mexicans took the environmental, social, economic, and political
circumstances about them and developed a bicultural identity equipping them to
resist oppression, see Arnoldo de Leon, The Tejano Community 1836-1900 (1982);
Gloria Anzaldua, Borderlands/La Frontera (1987).




n27  27. The States of California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, and parts of Utah
and Colorado were former Mexican territory annexed after the U.S.-Mexico War of
1846. The circumstances underlying the transfer of former Mexican property is
well documented. See generally Alfredo Mirande, Gringo Justice (1987); Rudolfo
Acuna, Occupied America (3d ed. 1998); Arnoldo de Leon, They Called Them
Greasers, Anglo Attitudes Toward Mexicans in Texas, 1821-1900 (1983); Mario
Barrera, Race And Class In The Southwest, A Theory of Racial Inequality (1979).
For an examination of the period during Spanish governance of Texas, see
generally Donald E. Chipman, Spanish Texas 1519-1821 (1992).




n28  28. The author recognizes the displacement of land tenure relative to the
Native American population in the United States. See, e.g., Johnson v. M'Intosh,
21 U.S. (8 Wheat.) 543 (1823); Merrion v. Jicarilla Apache Tribe, 617 F.2d 537
(1979); Wichita Indian Tribe v. United States, 696 F.2d 1378 (Fed. Cir. 1983);
U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-94-157, Indian Issues, Eastern Indian Land
Claims and Their Resolution (1994). This Article, however, addresses the issue
of land disenfranchisement of Mexican landowners in their former territories.
For an analysis of Native Americans and land displacement within traditional
jurisprudence, see Vine Deloria, Jr. & Clifford M. Litle, American Indians,
American Justice (1983); Robert A. Williams, Jr., Documents of Barbarism: The
Contemporary Legacy of European Racism and Colonialism in the Narrative
Traditions of Federal Indian Law, 31 Ariz. L. Rev.  237 (1989).




n29  29. The terms "dominant population," "European-American," and
"Euro-American" reference individuals of European descent.




n30  30. David Montejano, Anglos and Mexicans in the Making of Texas, 1836-1986
52 (1989).




n31  31. David J. Weber, Foreigners In Their Native Land vi (1973) (quoting
Pablo de la Guerra, Speech to the California Senate, 1856).




n32  32. The Treaty entered into force on July 4, 1848, reads in part:

   In the name of Almighty God

   The United States of America, and the United Mexican States, animated by a
sincere desire to put an end to the calamities of the war which unhappily exists
between the two Republics, and to establish upon a solid basis relations of
peace and friendship, which shall confer reciprocal benefits upon the citizens
of both, and assure the concord, harmony and mutual confidence, wherein the two
peoples should live, as good neighbors ...


   Treaty of Peace, Friendship, Limits and Settlement between the United States
of America and the Mexican Republic.

   Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, Feb. 2, 1848, Art. VIII, 9 Stat. 922.




n33  33. Article VIII of the Treaty provides:

   Mexicans now established in territories previously belonging to Mexico, and
which remain for the future within the limits of the United States, as defined
by the present treaty, shall be free to continue where they now reside, or to
remove at any time to the Mexican republic, retaining the property which they
possess in the said territories, or disposing thereof, and removing the proceeds
wherever they please; without their being subjected, on this account, to any
contribution, tax, or charge whatever.

   Id.




n34  34. Article VIII stipulated that all property of Mexican citizens was to be
"inviolably respected." See also Act of March 3, 1851, ch. 41, 8, 9 Stat. 631,
632.




n35  35. The Article states:

   Those who shall prefer to remain in the said territories, may either retain
the title and rights of Mexican citizens, or acquire those of citizens of the
United States. But they shall be under the obligation to make their election
within one year from the date of the exchange of ratifications of this treaty;
and those who shall remain in the said territories, after the expiration of that
year, without having declared their intention to retain the character of
Mexicans, shall be considered to have elected to become citizens of the United
States.

   Article VIII of the Treaty with the Republic of Mexico. See also Art. IX
("enjoyment of all the rights as citizens of the United States according to the
principles of the Constitution").




n36  36. Clause 2 of Art. VI of the United States Constitution provides:

   This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in
Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the
Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the
Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or
Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.




n37  37. See, e.g., Geofroy v. Riggs, 133 U.S. 258, 271 (1890) (A treaty stands
on the same footing of supremacy as the Constitution of the United States which
direct courts to give them legal effect); U.S. Const. art. VI, cl. 2.




n38  38. 61 U.S. (20 How.) 176, 177 (1857). See also Ely's Administrator v.
United States, 171 U.S. 220 (1898) ("in harmony with the rules of international
law, as well as with the terms of the treaties of cession, the change of
sovereignty should work no change in respect to rights and titles. That which
was good before should be good after ...." Id. at 220.).




n39  39. "In every legal system a large and important field is left open for the
exercise of discretion by courts and other officials in rendering initially
vague standards determinate, in resolving the uncertainties of statutes, or in
developing and qualifying rules only broadly communicated by authoritative
precedents." H.L. Hart, The Concept of Law 132 (1961). This "field" allows for
judicial decisions with outcomes derived from "conscious or unconscious
discretionary policy preferences." See, e.g., H.L.A. Hart, Positivism and the
Separation of Law and Morals, 71 Harv. L. Rev. 593 (1958). Other legal
commentators advance this argument: "Law is indeterminate in the sense that
legal materials-statutes and court decisions-often permit a judge to justify
multiple outcomes to lawsuits." David Kairys, The Politics of Law: A Progressive
Critique 140, 160-61 (1982) ("Since precedents and reasoning can be
distinguished, modified, or discarded, they do not require any particular rule
or result ... the law merely provides a variety of bases for justifying choices
made on other grounds."). This process facilitated their unequal treatment and
failed to protect the legal rights of Mexican landowners. For an interpretation
of legal indeterminacy and its impact on those of Mexican background in other
venues, see George A. Martinez, Legal Indeterminacy, Judicial Discretion and the
Mexican-American Litigation Experience: 1930-1980, 27 U.C. Davis L. Rev. 555
(1994).




n40  40. 9 Stat. 631 (1951). In New Mexico, Congress established yet another
method to consider land claims through the Surveyor General. 10 Stat. 308
(1854). In California the legislation was introduced to Congress by William
Gwinn, who "openly admitted that his intent was to encourage squatters and force
Mexicans off the land." Mirande, supra note 27, at 39. Subsequent legislation
permitting anyone having an interest in the land to contest land holdings
produced yet further litigation burdens for Mexican landholders. See, e.g. ,
Rodrigues v. United States, 68 U.S. 582, 587 (1863).




n41  41. See, e.g., United States v. Perot, 98 U.S. 428, 430 (1878) ("The laws
of Mexico ... were the laws not of a foreign, but of an antecedent government
... Its laws are not deemed foreign laws ... and we take judicial notice of
them.").




n42  42. See, e.g., United States v. Hancock, 30 F. 851 (1887), aff'd, 133 U.S.
193 (1890).




n43  43. Perot, 98 U.S. at 430. Land displacement claims continue into the
present time. E.g., Alliance of Descendants of Texas Land Grants v. United
States, 27 Cl. Ct. 837 (1993).




n44  44. The examination of the role of racism within this construct is well
documented. For a general overview of this perspective, see, e.g., de Leon, They
Called Them Greasers, supra note 27 (describing European-Americans' treatment of
Mexicans as "cultural chauvinism"). The author includes the following
observation:

   There is a report in camp that our company has been ordered to Corpus Christi
which I hope is so. I am getting rather tired of the Rio Grande and the
greasers, of all the contemptible, despicable people on Earth the greasers in my
estimation are the lowest, meaner even than the Comanche. They are ugly,
thieving, rascally in every way and to be educated only makes a greaser the
grander rascal. I think the whole nation ought to be peoned rich and poor, they
would make the best plantation hands in the world. They fear and respect
authority and are a great deal more humble and less intelligent than our
negroes.

   Id. at xiii (quoting Letter from George L. Robertson to his sister from
Rancho Palmito, Mar. 26, 1864; George L. Robertson Papers, 1839-1869, University
of Texas Archives, Austin, Texas.). The nexus to the present time can be found
in Dennis N. Valdes, Historical Background of Farmworkers in New Mexico: Roots
of Grower Attitudes, Affidavit in Hernandez v Stuyvesant, No. Civ. 93-887
(D.N.M. 1993).




n45  45. See, e.g., United States v. Pico, 27 F. Cas. 532 (D.C.N.D. Cal. 1859)
(No. 16,047).




n46  46. See, e.g., Tex. Gov't. Code Ann. 411.023 (West 1994) (law enforcement
entity). The Texas Rangers were used by governing forces and settlers to
pressure Mexican landowners from use of their lands and surrounding natural
resources. Some historians assert they epitomize the essence of police abuse,
brutality, and mistreatment of Mexicans residing in border regions. Julian
Samora, Joe Bernal, & Albert Pena, Gunpowder Justice: A Reassessment of the
Texas Rangers (1979) (documents widespread abuse of mistreatment of Mexican
community by Texas Rangers). "The Rangers became a corps that enjoyed the tacit
sanction of the white community to do to Mexicans in the name of the law what
others did extralegally." de Leon, The Called Them Greasers, supra note 27. See
also Mirande, supra note 27, at 20. The Texas Rangers proved instrumental in
"controlling" the Mexican population. During the El Paso Salt War in 1870, the
Rangers challenged Mexican residents use of the area's salt beds who believed
them community property since the original land grants. See, e.g. , Griswold del
Castillo, The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo 83 (1990); Martinez, supra note 23, at
85. For a perspective supporting the use of Texas Ranger methods, see Harold J.
Weiss Jr., The Texas Rangers Revisited: Old Themes and New Viewpoints, 97 S.W.
Hist. Q. 621 (1994). This perception is reflected in part by one court which
attested of one particular Texas Ranger "Col. Hays, so well known to the country
50 years ago as the famous Texas ranger and gallant soldier of the Mexican War
...." United States v. Hancock, 30 F. 851, 858 (1887), aff'd, 133 U.S. 193
(1890). The Colonel's reputation as a "gallant soldier" protected him from
charges of committing fraud against the United States. Id. at 857.




n47  47. See, e.g., Moya v. Chilili Coop. Ass'n, 529 P.2d 1220 (1974), cert.
denied, 421 U.S. 965 (1975) (1841 grant to twenty families).




n48  48. For example, one grant stated its boundaries as "the tract known by the
name of Mariposas, to the extent of ten square leagues, within the limits of the
Sierra Nevada, and the rivers Chowchillas, Merced and San Joaquin." United
States v. Fremont, 25 F. Cas. 1214, 1215 (D.C.N.D. Cal. 1853) (No. 15,164),
rev'd, 58 U.S. 542 (1854). See also State v. Balli, 190 S.W.2d 71 (1944), cert.
denied, 328 U.S. 852, reh'g denied, 328 U.S. 880 (1946) (dispute over Padre
Island, Texas).




n49  49. See, e.g., An Ordinance for Ascertaining The Mode of Disposing of Lands
In The Western Territory: May 20, 1785, in 28 J. Continental Cong. 1774-1789
(Library of Congress ed. 1933).




n50  50. Numerous cases demonstrating the scope of boundary disputes are
examined in the author's forthcoming article: Guadalupe T. Luna, The Great
American Land Bubble: Mexicans, Property and Legal Indeterminism (unpublished
manuscript, on file with author).




n51  51. See, e.g., United States v. Sutter, 27 F. Cas. 1368 (D.C.N.D. Cal.
1861) (No. 16,421), rev'd, 69 U.S. 562 (1864) (Mexican law permitted 11 leagues,
yet challenger asserted 22 leagues); United States v. Reading, 27 F. Cas. 716
(D.C.N.D. Cal. 1853) (No. 16,127), aff'd, 59 U.S. 1 (1855).




n52  52. See, e.g., United States v. Reading, 27 F. Cas. 716 (D.C.N.D. Cal.
1853) (No. 16,127), aff'd, 59 U.S. 1 (1855); United States v. Hancock, 30 F. 851
(1887), aff'd, 133 U.S. 193 (1890) (favorable disposition of land claimant
granted, in large part, on his reputation).




n53  53. See, e.g., United States v. Rodriguez, 27 F. Cas. 883 (D.C.N.C. Cal.
1855) (No. 16,185); Vallejo v. United States, 28 F. Cas. 926 (D.C.N.C. Cal.
1856) (No. 16,819); United States v. Pico, 27 F. Cas. 532 (D.C.N.C. Cal. 1859)
(No. 16,047) (the Pico family was active in Mexican politics before and after
U.S. conquest). For a review of Governor Pico's participation in California
politics, see Gomez-Quinones, supra note 23.




n54  54. 27 F. Cas. 1262, 1263 (D.C.N.C. Cal. 1856) (No. 16,356). For an
examination of the role women played during this historical period, see
Gomez-Quinones , supra note 23.




n55  55. See United States v. Sanchez, 27 F. Cas. 948 (D.C.N.C. Cal. 1855) (No.
16,218).




n56  56. Tex. Const. art. 13, 4 (1876) (repealed 1969).




n57  57. Texas Mexico Ry. Co. v. Locke, 12 S.W. 80 (Tex. 1889).




n58  58. United States v. Graham, 26 F. Cas. 7 (1859) (No. 15,246) (Russian
magistrate imperfectly acquainted with Spanish obscured the record).




n59  59. See, e.g., United States v. San Jacinto Tin Co., 23 F. 279, 290-91
(1885), aff'd , 125 U.S. 273 (1888) (private parties, that could not maintain an
action in their own names, could indemnify the government in order to prosecute
a lawsuit in the name of the United States); United States v. Throckmorton, 98
U.S. 61 (1878) (private parties authorized to litigate their claims, in the name
of United States, without having a paramount interest in lands adversely claimed
by private parties).




n60  60. Enlarged Homestead Act of 1909, ch. 160, 35 Stat. 639 (codified at 43
U.S.C. 218-221) (repealed 1976); Stock Raising Homestead Act of 1916, ch. 9, 39
Stat. 862 (codified at 43 U.S.C. 291-301) (repealed 1976).




n61  61. Reclamation Act of 1888, ch. 1069, 25 Stat. 527. See also Desert Lands
Act of 1877, ch. 107, 19 Stat. 377 (codified at 43 U.S.C. 321-339 (1982)).




n62  62. Morrill Act, ch. 130, 12 Stat. 503 (1862) (codified as amended at 7
U.S.C. 301 (1988)). The Act assisted the agricultural sector as universities
dedicated their research to the sophisticated mechanization of the agricultural
sector. But see California Agrarian Action Project v. Regents of the Univ. of
Cal., 258 Cal. Rptr. 769 (Cal. Ct. App. 1989) (lawsuit sought to enjoin research
of agricultural mechanization project, benefitting agribusiness interests,
asserting that its focus contributed to, inter alia, unemployment or
displacement of farmworkers, the demise of small family farms, deterioration of
rural homes and rural life). See also Paul S. Taylor, Public Policy and The
Shaping of Rural Society, 20 S.D. L. Rev. 475, 485 (1975) ("a land policy means
social control over one of the greatest instruments of production").




n63  63. See, e.g., United States v. Peralta, 27 F. Cas. 502 (D.C.N.D. Cal.
1859) (No. 16,032); Armijo v. United States, 1 F. Cas. 1129 (D.C.N.D. Cal. 1857)
(No. 536), aff'd, 72 U.S. (5 Wall.) 444 (1866); State v. Gallardo, 166 S.W. 369
(Tex. 1914).




n64  64. 28 P. 558, 560 (1891). See also Peralta, 27 F. Cas. 502; Kenedy Pasture
Co., v. State, 231 S.W. 683 (Tex. 1921) cert. denied, 258 U.S. 617 (1922).




n65  65. Montejano, supra note 30, at 51-53; see also Frederick Merk, Manifest
Destiny and Mission in American History (1963).




n66  66. Mirande, supra note 27, at 45; see also Malcolm Ebright, The Tierra
Amarilla Grant: A History of Chicanery (1993); Carey McWilliams, North From
Mexico (1948) (transfer of eight million acres of land between 1830-1846).




n67  67. See Montejano, supra note 30, at 51-53.




n68  68. See, e.g., Sanchez v. Taylor, 377 F.2d 733 (1967) ("any grazing,
timber, and water rights which owners of nearby realty may have had under
Mexican law and Treaty of Guadalupe-Hidalgo by reason of original grant from
Mexico were extinguished ...."); A. Dan Tarlock & Darcy Alan Frownfelter, State
Groundwater Sovereignty After Sporhase: The Case of the Hueco Bolson, 43 Okla.
L. Rev. 27 (1990).




n69  69. For an examination of the agricultural ideology, see Jim Chen, American
Ideology, 48 Vand. L. Rev. 809 (1995).




n70  70. See U.S. Bureau of the Census, U.S. Dep't of Commerce, Household and
Family Characteristics (1992).




n71  71. Four international bridges connect El Paso to Ciudad Juarez, Mexico.
Notwithstanding distinct international demarcations, El Paso and Ciudad Juarez
are identified as twin cities sharing significant socioeconomic characteristics
and linkages. See generally Demographic Dynamics of the U.S.-Mexico Border,
supra note 19, at 46; Montejano, supra note 30, at 30; Robert A. Pastor & Jorge
G. Castaneda, Limits to Friendship: The United States and Mexico (1988).




n72  72. See, e.g., Garcia, supra note 25; Oscar Martinez, Border Boom Town,
Ciudad Juarez Since 1848 (1975); Linda C. Majka & Theo J. Majka, Farmworkers,
Agribusiness, and the State (1982).




n73  73. See, e.g., Reclamation Act of 1902, ch. 1093, 32 Stat. 388 (codified as
amended in scattered sections of 43 U.S.C. 371-375 (1986)); Montejano, supra
note 30, at 100.




n74  74. The focus of this Article evolved from a varied mix of research
methods, employing formal and informal meetings and interviews with a vast
number of individuals at the city and federal governmental levels and public and
private sector. This included developers, legal officials, community activists,
farmworker activists, health officials and numerous agencies. I employed
interrelated research methods and participated in farmworker litigation in the
region. I sought to examine the intersection of international agreements and the
accumulative historical treatment of agricultural workers and the consequences
of agricultural subsidy legislation that consistently perpetuates the exclusion
and disparate treatment of agricultural workers. I focused on the El Paso area
because of its urgent need for place-specific remedies in contrast to vague
macroeconomic theories and models, and in light of current retrenchment of
affirmative action strategies by the present United States Supreme Court and
political process. See, e.g., Adarand Constr. Inc. v. Pena, 63 U.S.L.W. 4523
(1995).




n75  75. See, e.g., Clark v. Hiles, 2 S.W. 356, 357 (Tex. 1886) (discussing
jurisdictional boundaries established by Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo). Boundary
demarcations were a source of controversy and dispute between Texas and Mexico.
See, e.g. , Griswold del Castillo, supra note 46, at 55-59. For a historical
review of the Rio Grande in case law, see Texas v. Hidalgo County Water Control
and Improvement Dist., 443 S.W.2d 728 (Tex. Civ. App.1969). El Paso began with
six settlements in 1680, where missions were located along the Camino Real
(King's Highway), later becoming part of the Santa Fe-Chihuahua-Mexico City
Trail. During the 1830s and 1840s, a yearly average of $ 90,000 worth of
merchandise destined for Chihuahua, Mexico, came through the area known as Paso
Del Norte. See, e.g., Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note
26, at 9.




n76  76. Dona Ana County, New Mexico borders the northern edge of El Paso
County, and Ciudad Juarez, Mexico prevents growth into the southern perimeter.
Natural formations including the Franklin Mountains, the Rio Grande, and
military reservations impose additional growth barriers. This leaves expansion
into primary desert and agricultural areas. See, e.g., The Plan for El Paso,
Guide to the Year 2010 (1988); Telephone Interview with U.S. Dep't Agric.,
Agric. Stabilization and Conservation County Comm., El Paso, Tex. (Nov. 18,
1993).




n77  77. The region is fundamentally important to the free flow of goods and
services specific to international markets. Paso del Norte Regional Economy,
supra note 26, at 3. Each year more than 15 million people pass through U.S.
immigration border points adding to the congestion of border cities and, in sum,
blocking the stream of commerce. See , e.g., The Institute for Manufacturing and
Materials Management Southwest Border Infrastructure Initiative 89 (1992).




n78  78. Charles W. Thurston, Proposed Accord Fuels Expansion of U.S.-Mexican
Road, Rail Links, J. Com. & Comm., July, 8, 1991, at 1A. See also Jan Gilbreath
Rich, Trade Takes its Toll, Mexican Border Clearly Not Ready For Rapid Growth,
San Antonio Light , May 12, 1991, at D1. The NAFTA created the North American
Development Bank [hereinafter NADBank] and Border Environment Cooperation
Commission [hereinafter BECC] to address environmental and infrastructure issues
along the U.S.-Mexico Border. U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/GGD-95-10BR,
North American Free Trade Agreement: Structure and Status of Implementing
Organizations (1994). "Capitalized and governed by the two countries" the two
institutions are to "provide additional support for community adjustment and
investment related to NAFTA." Dep't of the Treasury, Fact Sheet On The
U.S./Mexican Agreement On The Border Environment Cooperation Commission (BECC)
and the North American Development Bank (NADBank). The BECC is to mobilize
sources to finance border environmental projects and provide support for
community adjustment and investment. The United States and Mexico will provide $
450 million in paid-in-capital shares to the NADBank to leverage financing. Ten
percent of the resources of the NADBank will be available for community
adjustment and investment in both countries. Id. Excluded from its scope of
review is a focus on preserving open spaces in the region and issues germane to
land ownership for agricultural workers.




n79  79. El Paso is the fastest growing area in the state. The combined 1990
population of El Paso City, El Paso County, and Ciudad Juarez, consists of 1.7
million persons. U.S. Dep't of Commerce, Bureau of Census, Population &
Household Data (1990).




n80  80. As of 1990, sixty-six percent of El Paso's population was of Mexican
descent. Rochin, supra note 19, at 63. In Texas, identifiable pockets of
impoverished, nonmetro individuals of Mexican origin exist throughout the state
and are located in large measure, at the border. Montejano, supra note 30. In
the aggregate poverty, unsanitary living conditions and difficult and unsafe
work environment contribute to much higher incidences of illnesses for field
workers.




n81  81. Poverty rates show that 28.6% of all households in El Paso fall below
poverty levels. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 26, at
15-22. See also U.S. Dep't of Commerce, Bureau of Census, Population & Household
Data 20 (1990). European American households did not experience such sharp
increases in poverty rates as those of Mexican households between 1980 and 1985.
Id. at 21. The median family income for the El Paso metropolitan area, according
to the 1990 Census, was $ 24,057. The median family income for the City of El
Paso was $ 25,157. In contrast the national median family income was $ 35,939.
Id. Of the 160,595 households counted, 38% or 61,026 were at or below 80% of the
median family income (19.246 or less). Of those families, 36,936 were at or
below 50% of the median ($ 12,029 or less). Id.




n82  82. Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy , supra note 26, at 14, 22
(unemployment rate over 10 percent).




n83  83. Drop-out levels are among the highest in the state. Figures, for the
1989-90 school year, show 3,000 students left before graduation. See
Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 26, at 14. The quality
of education has induced litigation to reform educational levels in the state.
Texas is criticized for its unequal treatment of children of Mexican descent.
See, e.g., Edgewood Indep. Sch. Dist. v. Kirby, 777 S.W.2d 391 (Tex. 1989). This
results, in large measure, from its property poor neighborhoods which reflect
the poverty status of its residents. In El Paso, four property-poor school
districts perpetuate high dropout levels. The Texas State Legislature is under a
court mandate to resolve the issue of inequitable funding of school districts in
Texas. Id. at 398. For an example of the long history of segregated school
district litigation, see Independent Sch. Dist. v. Salvatierra, 33 S.W.2d 790
(Tex. Civ. App. 1930), cert. denied, 284 U.S. 580 (1931).




n84  84. In 1990, rural poverty rates were higher compared to poverty rates
eighteen years before. U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-94-165, Rural
Development: Patchwork of Federal Programs Needs To Be Reappraised, supra note
19 at 39 (demonstrating the increasing rate of poverty in rural areas). This
reflects the concentration of low-skill, low paying jobs in manufacturing in
rural areas. Id. at 39.




n85  85. See Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 26, at 11.




n86  86. See, e.g., Louise Palmer, Border Union, The Texas Observer, Feb. 8,
1991, at 4.




n87  87. Tomas Rivera Center, Migrant Enumeration (1993). Labor accounts for 35
to 45 percent of production costs. Anne Chadwick, Report to the Commission on
Agricultural Workers for the United States Horticultural Industry i (1991).




n88  88. Interview with Motivation, Education and Training, Inc., Austin, Tex.
(July 1991).




n89  89. For example, approximately 9,000 agricultural workers, the majority of
whom are Chicana/os from the Rio Grande Valley, migrate to Wisconsin. See Paula
M. Lantz et al., Peer Discussions of Cancer Among Hispanic Migrant Farm Workers,
109 Pub. Health Rpts. 512 (1994). For an interpretation of Mexican rural workers
constituting a "transnational labor force" and "reserve army of labor," see
Dixon et al., Chicanas and Mexicanas Within a Transnational Working Class:
Theoretical Perspectives, VII Fernand Brandel Rev., 115-117 (1989) ("reserve
army of labor" refers "to a variable proportion of the labor force, which may be
employed when capital has a need for labor and unemployed when the need
declines." Id. at 116.).




n90  90. An examination of the types of benefits would require the study of,
inter alia, income support measures, deficiency payments, and extensive loans,
all which have aided the agricultural sector immeasurably. Agricultural programs
are those established or authorized by, inter alia, the Agricultural Act of
1949, 7 U.S.C. 1421 (1988), the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, 7
U.S.C. 1921 (1988), and the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, 7 U.S.C. 1281
(1988).




n91  91. Since displacing Mexicans from their property, the dominant population
within the sector has promulgated agricultural legislation and policies. Newly
established new legal structures mirrored a close, intimate relationship between
the drafters and interpreters of law. The sector has thus, historically ensured
their exclusion from favorable terms and conditions of employment. See generally
Ernesto Galarza, Farm Workers and Agri-Business in California (1970); Ernesto
Galarza, Spiders In the House, Workers In Fields (1970).




n92  92. See, e.g., U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/T-HRD-91-40, Farmworkers
Face Gaps in Protection and Barriers to Benefits (1991).




n93  93. See, e.g., Joanne M. Glader, A Harvest of Shame: The Imposition of
Independent Contractor Status on Farmworkers and Its Ramifications on Migrant
Children, 42 Hastings L.J. 1455 (1991).




n94  94. The drama of the working conditions of agricultural workers is
documented, but beyond the scope of this review. For a general overview, see
Martin, supra note 4; Dennis N. Valdes, Al Norte: Agricultural Workers In The
Great Lakes Region, [1917-1970] (1991); Patrick M. Anderson, The Agricultural
Employee Exemption From the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, 12 Hamline L. Rev.
649 (1989); Thomas E. Murphy, An End to American "Serfdom"-The Need for Farm
Labor Legislation, 25 Lab. L.J. 85 (1974); Howard S. Scher & Robert S. Catz,
Farmworker Litigation Under the Fair Labor Standards Act: Establishing Joint
Employer Liability and Related Problems, 10 Harv. C. R. L. Rev. 575 (1975);
Ellen S. Greenstone, Comment, Farmworkers In Jeopardy: OSHA, EPA, and The
Pesticide Hazard, 5 Ecology L.Q.  69 (1975); Viviana Patino, Migrant Farm Worker
Advocacy: Empowering The Invisible Laborer , 22 Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 43
(1987).




n95  95. See National Labor Relations Act, 29 U.S.C. 152(b) (1973) (farmworker
exclusion). This emphasizes the lack of legal machinery to assist farmworker
efforts to form unions and other protective labor vehicles to elevate standards
of working conditions. Thus, attempts to recover minimum wages, improved housing
conditions, and social security are not uncommon actions. See, e.g., Cavazos v.
Foster, 822 F. Supp. 438 (W.D. Mich. S.D. 1993) (class action of migrant pickle
harvesters alleging defendant company paid less than minimum wage, allowed
substandard housing and evaded social security responsibilities). Similarly,
early minimum wage legislation also excluded agricultural employees from
coverage. Act of June 25, 1938, ch. 676, 13(a)(6), 52 Stat. 1067 (1938). This
continued until 1966, when some coverage was extended to field workers. Act of
Sept. 23, 1966, Pub. L. No. 89-601, 201-204(b), 205(a), 213(c), 80 Stat. 833,
834, 836-838 (1966). Coverage, however, is limited and subject to exceptions
inherent within its legislative framework. Limited coverage thus also generates
litigation. See, e.g., Aviles v. Kunkel, 765 F. Supp. 358 (S.D. Tex. 1991),
vacated, 978 F.2d 201 (1992).




n96  96. The NAFTA has infused measurable capital into the retraining of low
skilled workers. Such efforts are not new and have produced contrary results
which prevent the training of farmworkers. Even with training, the need for
comprehensive skills building is not apparent. Workers and farmworker advocates
assert farmworkers are trained for low-skilled positions and/or in occupations
in which the region's labor market is already saturated. Structurally deficient
retraining initiatives, which fail to reach rural-based farmworkers, compel a
comprehensive employability strategy for agricultural workers. In Texas, less
than two percent of the state's share of section 402 appropriation is targeted
for the training of displaced field workers. Of added concern is the failure of
growers to provide long-term contracts that would enable workers to complete
retraining programs. Field workers have special needs and face several
obstacles, including eligibility and longer training periods. Interview with
Motivation, Education, and Training, Inc., supra note 88; see also Lisa
Richwine, Migrant Farm Workers Fear They Won't Benefit from Job Training Plan,
States News Serv., Jan. 14, 1994; Farm Workers And NAFTA, L.A. Times , Nov. 30,
1993, at B6. Field workers will find it difficult to pinpoint job dislocation
directly on the NAFTA. Even if they are able to identify direct causation,
meeting eligibility criteria will also prevent training. A comprehensive
employability enhancement strategy for agricultural workers requires skills
training for farmworkers to move out of the industry or within the industry into
employment providing some measure of security. For an examination of
shortcomings in training initiatives under the NAFTA, see generally U.S. Gen.
Accounting Office, GAO/HEHS-95-31, Dislocated Workers: An Early Look At The
NAFTA Transitional Adjustment Assistance Program (1994). For a critical
examination of the Job Training Partnership Act, see generally John D. Donohue,
Shortchanging The Workforce, The Job Training Partnership Act and The
Overselling Of Privatized Training (1989).




n97  97. For a general overview of the exclusion of field workers from workers'
compensation coverage, see generally the workers compensation statutes in
Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Idaho, Indiana, Iowa,
Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, New Mexico,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Utah, West Virginia, Wyoming. Other states permit
farmers' election to permit coverage of field workers. Some workers'
compensation acts cover work performed on farms, but also impose limitations not
applicable to employment in other industries. See, e.g., Washington State Sch.
Directors Assoc. v. Department of Labor & Indus., 510 P.2d 818 (Wash. 1973).
Even where they come within the purview of the workers' compensation laws, the
mobility of workers and transitory nature of employment prevent farmworkers from
earning a sufficient amount of credits to permit coverage. Interview with
Motivation, Education, and Training, Inc., supra note 88. Where field workers
are covered their mobility hinders them from accumulating the required number of
hours to qualify for workers' compensation. This translates into zero benefits
should on-site occupational hazards occur.




n98  98. See, e.g., Cavazos v. Foster, 822 F. Supp. 438 (W.D. Mich. S.D. 1993).
The inability to contract legal representation proves an additional barrier in
seeking remedies for occupational injuries sustained on site. Legal causation
standards, moreover, add to this difficult set of circumstances by disallowing
recovery for pesticide-related illnesses. Interview with Motivation, Education,
and Training, Inc., supra note 88. This does not include workers unable to
prosecute employers for fear of retribution and or blacklisting from future
employers. See Wilson Ring, Migrant Workers in McHenry Fighting The Odds To Be
Paid, Chi. Trib., July 25, 1991, at 3.




n99  99. See, e.g., Marc Linder, Crewleaders and Agricultural Sweatshops: The
Lawful And Unlawful Exploitation of Migrant Farmworkers, 23 Creighton L. Rev.
213 (1989/1990). By defining field workers as independent contractors, the
employer is not responsible, inter alia, for social security obligations. See,
e.g., Cavazos v. Foster, 822 F. Supp. 438 (W.D. Mich S.D. 1993); Donovan v.
Brandel, 736 F.2d 1114 (6th Cir. 1984) (migrant workers held independent
contractors); Aviles v. Kunkle, 765 F. Supp. 358 (S.D. Tex. 1991); Real v.
Driscoll Strawberry Ass'n, 603 F.2d 748 (9th Cir. 1979). The independent
contractor classification burdens field workers with the responsibility of
deducting social security taxes from their earnings, a difficult task in light
of their low wage structure. Courts in other jurisdictions have ruled that
migrant workers are employees. See, e.g., Yeska v. State, Labor and Indus. Rev.
Comm'n, 440 N.W.2d 823 (Wis. Ct. App. 1989) (pickle harvesters not independent
contractors but covered employees under state unemployment law); Brock v.
Lauritzen, 624 F. Supp. 966 (E.D. Wis. 1985), aff'd, 835 F.2d 1529 (7th Cir.
1987) (migrant workers were employees); Lauritzen v. McLaughlin, 109 S. Ct. 243
(1988) (six criteria to determine relationship between farmer and migrant
workers); Donovan v. Gillmor, 535 F. Supp. 154 (N.D. Ohio 1982) (held migrant
workers employees); Castillo v. Givens, 704 F.2d 181 (5th Cir. 1983), cert.
denied, 464 U.S. 850 (1983); Beliz v. W.H. McLeod & Sons Packing Co., 765 F.2d
1317 (1985). Courts generally consider six criteria in determining the nature of
relationship between agricultural employers and migrant workers. See, e.g. ,
Donovan v. Brandel, 736 F.2d 1114 (6th Cir. 1984) (issue to be addressed on a
case-by-case basis). Where legal assistance is available, the end result is time
consuming and extensive.




n100  Farmer v. Employment Sec. Comm'n of North Carolina, 4 F.3d 1274 (4th Cir.
1993) (alleged violation of Federal Fair Housing Act's prohibition against
familial status housing discrimination conflicts with growers using foreign
agricultural workers under the H-2A program). Legal Services attorneys, in their
representation of field workers, cite to violations of MAWPA and FLSA more often
than violations of other laws in representing migrant farmworkers in disputes
against growers. See, e.g., U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/HRD-90-144, Legal
Services Corporation: Grantee Attorneys' Handling of Migrant Farmworker Disputes
With Growers 5 (1990). The alleged violations included growers' failing to pay
wages for all hours worked; to pay wages promptly; to pay minimum wage rates; to
accurately describe working conditions; and to meet minimum housing standards.
Id. In the aggregate, these strategies exhaust civil rights efforts, stymie
unionization efforts, and establishes a culture that impedes the field worker's
right to pursue alleged violations of laws that directly impact their terms and
conditions of employment. During periods of retrenchment, the work of legal
services undergoes intensive scrutiny and budgets are curtailed. See Legal Aid
Debate Pits Farmers Against Laborers, States News Serv. , Nov. 22, 1991.




n101  See, e.g., Gonzalez v. Puente and Holmes and Holmes, 705 F. Supp. 331
(W.D. Tex. 1988) (buyer shielded by not being defined as an "employer" of
workers within meaning of Fair Labor Standards Act and within meaning of
MSAWPA); Donovan v. Brandel, 736 F.2d 1114 (6th Cir. 1984). Another difficulty
for field workers is access to legal services when employed in the fields. See,
e.g., State v. Shack, 277 A.2d. 369 (N.J. 1971) (agricultural employers and farm
labor contractors often disallow entry into migrant camps and, thereby, ensure
yet further litigation demands on workers). For a general observation of the
role of law and its default bias that benefits agribusiness, see Hart, The
Concept of Law, supra note 39. Assisting in this process are lobbyists for the
agricultural industry who seek a retrenchment in the few safety valves permitted
field workers. See, e.g., Suzanne Steele, Farmers Seek Another Delay To Starting
Worker Safety Rules, Columbus Dispatch, Jan. 19, 1995, at B2.




n102  Some reports identify work in the agricultural industry as the most
hazardous occupation in the United States. See generally U .S. Dep't Lab. Bureau
of Labor Statistics, Survey of Occupational Injuries and Illnesses (1992); U.S.
Dept. of Labor, Occupational Injury and Illness Incidence Rates by Industry, 118
Monthly Lab. Rev. (1988); George S. Rust, Health Status of Migrant Farmworkers:
A Literature Review and Commentary, 80 Am. J. Pub. Health, 1213 (1990) (injury
recognized as a leading cause of morbidity and mortality); EPA estimates
agricultural employees annually suffer 20,000-30,000 acute illness and injuries
from exposure to pesticides. See also Special Report: A Farmworker Perspective
on Pesticides, Farmworker Justice Fund , Farmworker Just. News (1990).

   Legislation aimed at farmworkers largely consists of remedial efforts. See
Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural Workers Protection Act, 29 U.S.C. 1801-1872,
1803(a)(1). Critics assert federal policy is aimed at the labor needs of the
agricultural sector. For an elaboration on this issue see generally Valdes,
supra note 94; Barrera , supra note 27; Galarza, supra note 91. Judicial
rulings, moreover, advance "fine line" distinctions that frustrate protective
legislation. See, e.g., Gonzalez v. Puente, 705 F. Supp. 331 (W.D. Tex. 1988);
Farmer v. Employment Sec. Comm'n of North Carolina, 4 F.3d 1274 (4th Cir. 1993).
In sum, agricultural employers are accommodated and subsidized even further when
a federal structure is implemented discouraging the fair treatment of field
workers.




n103  See U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/HRD-92-46, Hired Farmworkers; Health
and Well-Being at Risk (1992).




n104  See id.; Carlo V. Di Florio & Matthew McLees, Pesticide Regulation: The
Plight of Migrant Farmworkers v. The Politics of Agribusiness, supra note 5, at
1; Lantz, supra note 89. Workers in the food processing industry report
"crippled hands and wrists, damaged lungs, and on rare occasion, even death." A
Journal-Constitution Special Report, Chicken: At What Cost? Poultry Workers Risk
Health For Low Pay, Atlanta J. & Const., June 2, 1991, at A01. See also Larry
Tye, Poultry Plant Blaze Lights Era of Neglect, Boston Globe, Sept. 8, 1991, at
A1; Lisa Pollak, Poultry Workers Allege Unfair Labor Practices, Charlotte
Observer, May 21, 1993, at A1.




n105  See, e.g., C. Sagarser et al., Occupational Pesticide Poisoning In Apple
Orchards-Washington, 1993, Epidemiological Notes and Reports, 42 Morbidity &
Mortality Wkly. Rpt. 993 (1994) ("data identified a high proportion of Hispanics
in cases of agriculturally related pesticide poisoning"); Congressional
Testimony, Shelly Davis Attorney Farmworker Justice Fund House
Agriculture/Operations & Nutrition EPA Worker Protection Standards For
Agricultural Pesticides, Fed. Document Clearing House Inc., Nov. 10, 1993; U.S.
Gen. Accounting, GAO/PEMD-94-6, Pesticides On Farms-Limited Capability Exists To
Monitor Occupational Illness and Injuries (1993). Monitoring pesticide exposure
is hindered by a regulatory process that is neither valid nor employs a reliable
method and is comprised of limited capability. U.S. Gen. Accounting Office,
GAO/HRD-91-35, Occupational, Safety and Health, OSHA Policy Changes Needed To
Confirm That Employers Abate Serious Hazards (1991). Measuring the full scope of
field related illnesses has escaped scrutiny. Delayed, long-term symptoms
present causation difficulties in pinpointing a direct nexus to the exposure.
Additionally, the lack of reporting pesticide exposure hinders monitoring of
exposure rates. See, e.g. , Sagarser et al., supra note 105. In addition to
pesticide exposure, field workers confront, inter alia, tuberculosis,
respiratory illnesses, parasitic infections, hunger-related illnesses,
musculoskeletal ailments, eye problems, hypertension, diabetes, and women are
especially prone to kidney and bladder infections resulting from the lack of
sanitation in the fields. See, e.g., The National Rural Health Care Association,
The Occupational Health of Migrant and Seasonal Farmworkers in the United
States; Report Summary (1985); Valerie A. Wilk & D. Michael Hancock, Farmworker
Occupational Health and Safety In The 1990s, New Solutions 6 (1991). Barriers to
treatment include, inter alia , the closings of clinics due to financial
setbacks, poverty status of the workers, language barriers, limited health
clinic hours, and the absence of standardized care. Id. at 2. Field workers
assert that the Worker Protection Standard, a regulatory framework providing for
the training and informing field workers as to the dangers of pesticides, are
not fully enforced. They also criticize the Environmental Protection Agency,
citing to the relaxation of federal standards. Id. See also Bill Lambrecht,
Environmental Agency Seeks to Practice "Common Sense," St. Louis Post-Dispatch ,
May 15, 1995, at B5; Deborah Vanpelt, Farmworker Protections Compromised,
Advocates Say, Tampa Trib., Apr. 29, 1995, at 4 (Worker Protection Standard
modified five times since becoming law on January 1, 1995).

   Finally, even when pesticide exposure is recognized as dangerous and has
captured the attention of authorities, pesticide usage of known poisons does not
result in prohibition or ensure that changes occur. In 1989, for example, 112
field workers were exposed to Phosdrin, a pesticide used to control worms. The
incident led to meetings and public health specialists produced videos and
attended congressional testimony while workers waited for stronger regulations
and "stiff sanctions." See Marlene Sokol, Still A Bitter Harvest, St. Petersburg
Times, June 25, 1995, at 1B. Five years later Phosdrin remains dangerous, legal,
and still in use by fruit and vegetable growers. Id.




n106  For a portrait of the migrant experience, see generally Helena Maria
Viramontes, Under the Feet of Jesus (1995); Cecundino Reyes, Desperate Men
(1993); Juan Luna and Cecudino Reyes interviews, cited in Dennis Nodin Valdes,
Al Norte, Agricultural Workers in the Great Lakes Region 1917-1970, (1991);
Farmworker Justice Fund, Inc., Farmworker Women Speak Out (1994).




n107  See, e.g., Stan Grossfeld, Children Of The Harvest; Underage Migrant
Farmworkers Help Feed A Nation-But At What Cost?, Boston Globe, Apr. 30, 1995,
at 73 (estimates of children working on farms range between 100,000 to 800,000).
Children are allowed in the fields as a result of the Child Labor Exemption of
the Fair Labor Standards Amendments, ch. 736 11, 63 Stat. 910, 918 (1949)
(current version at 29 U.S.C. 213(c) (1988)).




n108  For example, 14-year-old Joe Alaniz was sprayed with "sticky green stuff"
by a tractor spraying an adjoining row next to where he was working. "The sticky
green stuff got on our hands and we didn't have any water to wash them. And
nobody was getting gloves." Nancy Stancill, Migrant Farm Labor In Texas Gives
Children Tough Row to Hoe, Hous. Chron., Jan. 12, 1993, at A1. Children in the
fields are also plagued by other hazards. See , e.g., The Plain Dealer, Labor
Leader Wants Kids Out of Farm Fields, Sept. 3, 1993, at B3 (death of six month
old when pickup truck that was providing shade over baby's carrier ran over
infant); Mitch Weiss, Children of Migrant Workers Toil Illegally In Fields of
Ohio, Chi. Trib., Sept. 13, 1992, at W8.




n109  See, e.g., Grossfeld, supra note 107. Federal labor law and child labor
regulations provide agriculture with children at younger ages than in other
industries.  See Hired Farmworkers, Health and Well-Being at Risk, supra note
103, at 3.




n110  Robert Maril, Poorest of Americans, The Mexican-Americans of the Lower Rio
Grande Valley of Texas 105 (1989). See also Jason DeParle, The Nation: New Rows
to Hoe in the Harvest of Shame', N.Y. Times, July 28, 1991, at 1; Michael G.
Wagner & Marcos Breton, Fields of Pain, Regulators Have Failed to Protect the
Exploited Farmer Worker, Sacramento Bee, Dec. 8, 1991, at A1; Five Years After
Poisonings, Migrant Farmworkers Are Resigned , La Prensa, June 29, 1995, at 4
(Phosdrin pesticide poisonings of 112 farmworkers failed to induce regulatory
reform five years after poisonings. Implementation of regulations coming
"slowly, largely because of pressure from Congress and growers."); Jack Lesar,
Study Says U.S. Negligent on Child Labor, UPI, Sept. 6, 1992, available in
LEXIS, Nexis Library, UPI file; Barbara Presley Noble, At Work: A Health Risk
Escaping Regulators, N.Y. Times, Apr. 3, 1994, at 23 (green tobacco sickness).
Protective legislation is handled on a case by case basis, thereby, disallowing
longlasting reform. EPA Misses Pesticide Safety Deadline, UPI, May 9, 1994,
available in LEXIS, Nexis Library, UPI file.




n111  See, e.g., Testimony of Shelley Davis, Farmworker Justice Fund, Fed. Doc.
Clearing House Cong. Testimony, Nov. 10, 1993. Ms. Davis, an attorney, testified
that the Department of Agriculture is deficient in enforcing worker protection
standards against growers, many of whom are seen as constituents. She testified
that the Arizona Commission of Agriculture sustains a close relationship with
the state's agricultural industry and has demonstrated a lack of commitment to
enforcement. An audit reported that the commission (1) refused to investigate
pesticide complaints by community members and farmworkers; (2) downgraded
violations following closed-door meetings with violators; (3) deliberately
allowed statutes of limitations to expire without taking disciplinary action;
and (4) failed to punish repeat violators. Id. It further reported a farmworker
child almost died from playing in bags of improperly disposed pesticide
concentrate. Id. Advocates criticized the low $ 150.00 fine, the lack of civil
or criminal violations filed, and the blame focusing on the child's father for
the incident. Id. It is this framework that perpetuates inequality for field
workers, ultimately assuming and perpetuating what is deemed acceptable "legal"
treatment.




n112  Mark Muro, Colonias The Nation's Newest Slums, Spawned by Greed and
Indifference House 250,000 Mexican-Americans, Boston Globe, July 31, 1988, at
73.




n113  Jo Ann Zuniga, "Don't Drink The Water:" Nun Works For Better Conditions In
Colonias, Hous. Chron., Sept. 6, 1992, at 6 (quoting Sister Maribeth Larkin, El
Paso Interreligious Sponsoring Organization (EPISO)). See also Thaddeus Herrick,
Taste of Poverty, Herald-Post, Apr. 7, 1987, (El Paso's 10,000 Special Report)
at 1; James Pinkerton, Living on the Edge; U.S. and Mexico: A Common Destiny?,
Hous. Chron., Oct. 17, 1993, at A1 ("The other America, the forgotten Texas:
that's what the border is, what it has been, and what it will continue to be.").




n114  In El Paso, the shortage of low income housing is due to the failure to
redevelop condemned structures, the difficulties imposed by building codes and
regulations that prohibit the development of urban centers, and property owners
who remove housing structures from the urban market in hopes of renting their
units for NAFTA-directed purposes. Interview with Sister Mary Beth Larkin, El
Paso Interreligious Sponsoring Org., El Paso, Tex. (July 17, 1993); Interview
with Sandy New, farmworker advocate, El Paso, Tex. (Dec. 2, 1992); Interview
with Steve Junes, Junes Realty, El Paso, Tex. (Dec. 2, 1993). In El Paso,
however, housing construction in high priced regions is "booming," but is out of
the economic range for those employed in low wage sectoral levels. See
Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 26, at 24.




n115  Rural environments, contrary to urban substandard dwellings, escape
reform. See Javins v. First Nat. Realty Corp., 428 F.2d 1071 (D.C. Cir. 1970).
For specific instances on the living conditions of several field workers, see
Migrant Laborers Sue Over Unsafe Housing, Chi. Trib., May 6, 1992, at C3; Jorge
Casuso, Migrants Suffer in Fetid Camps , Chi. Trib., Sept. 15, 1991, at C3
(field workers living in hole dug in ground slept on cardboard boxes and
showered when a foreman "hosed them down at the same time he watered the crop");
Stephen Franklin, Migrant Nightmare At "Ranch of Devils," Chi. Trib., Sept. 6,
1992, at C3 (migrant camps in California called "Rancho Los Diablos" the ranch
of the devils because "of the way its residents are treated by some farmers");
Michael Martinez, Reforms Come Slowly For Migrant Farmhands, Chic. Trib., May
18, 1992, at M1. Legal Services attorneys cite to field workers seeking minimum
housing standards as a leading issue.




n116  Interview with Rose Garcia, Director, Tierra del Sol, Las Cruces, N.M.
(Nov. 22, 1993). Tierra del Sol seeks to develop farmworker housing projects in
New Mexico and El Paso, Texas. Id.




n117  Texas Dep't of Human Serv., The Colonias Factbook: A Survey of Living
Conditions in Rural Areas of South Texas and West Texas Border Counties (1988)
[hereinafter Colonias Factbook]. See also Pan-American Health Org., United
States-Mexico Border Health Statistics (1991); Jorge Chapa & Jorge del Pinal,
Enumeration, Housing Characteristics And Sampling Rates In The Colonias of The
Texas Border Area: A Perspective on Census Data, 1993 Research on Undocumented
Ethnic Populations (1993); Henry McGee et al., Lost Cities At The Border
Unlawful Habitation in Mexico and the United States (1990) (unpublished
manuscript, on file with the author); Committee on Natural Resources, Texas
House of Representatives, A Report to the House of Representatives 72nd Texas
Legislature 13-18 (1990); Allen R. Myerson, This Is The House That Greed Built,
N.Y. Times, Apr. 2, 1995, at 3-1.

   "Colonias" is a Spanish term that translates as "neighborhood." See U.S. Gen.
Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-91-37, Rural Development: Problems and Progress on
Colonias Subdivisions Near the Mexico Border (1990). Colonias exist along the
border in the following state counties: California-San Diego, Imperial;
Arizona-Yuma, Pima, Santa Cruz, Cochise; New Mexico-Hidalgo, Grant, Luna, Dona
Ana; Texas: El Paso, Hudspeth, Culberson, Jeff Davis, Presidio, Brewster,
Terrall, Val Verde, Kinney, Maverick, Webb, Zapata, Starr, Hidalgo, Willacy,
Cameron.




n118  Interview with Sandy New, farmworker union organizer, El Paso, Tex. (Dec.
2, 1993).




n119  Census figures of employment in the region exclude the under-economy of
service workers employed, inter alia, as house maids, gardeners, and child care
workers. For an examination of the nature of the Mexican population employed in
the under-economy, see generally Debbie Nathan, Women and Other Aliens, Essays
From the U.S.-Mexico Border (1991).




n120  See U.S. Dept. of Commerce, Bureau of Census, Population & Household Data
(1990).




n121  Interview with Viviana Patino, County Attorney of El Paso, Tex. (July 5,
1993).




n122  Texas Water Dev. Board, Water and Waste Water Management Plan for El Paso
County, Texas (1989). Estimates report about 1,193 colonias with 887 located in
four counties of the Lower Rio Grande Valley, and place about 10.2 percent in El
Paso County. Id. at 3.




n123  See Emily Jauregui, El Paso's Demand For Inexpensive Homes Grows, El Paso
Times, Dec. 4, 1993, at A1. Income levels of less than $ 10,000 a year disallow
home ownership. At least 38 percent of El Paso families, approximately 61,000
families, are in need of low-income housing alternatives. Id. The housing stock
of inexpensive homes, costing $ 50,000 or less, constitutes less than 15 percent
of all houses for sale in the city. Id. These conditions worsen for families
earning $ 13,300 a year or less. Id. The study shows that the city retains only
about 17,000 housing units for the 39,937 families in this income bracket. Id.
Condemnation and the failure to redevelop condemned structures, difficulties
imposed from the regulatory process, and the withdrawal of housing stock for
NAFTA expected activity are adding to the dire need for low income housing
alternatives. Interview with Sandy New, supra note 118; Interview with Steve
Junes, Junes Realty, El Paso, Tex. (Dec. 1, 1994); Interview with Rose Garcia,
supra note 116. Vacancy rates in subsidized housing units are almost
non-existent. Urban landlords are removing existing commercial, residential
property for NAFTA activity, and public housing availability is saturated. Id.
Over 6,000 families are on lengthy waiting lists for public housing. Interview
with Sandy New, supra note 118.




n124  Interview with U.S. Department of Agric., Agriculture Stabilization and
Conservation County Committee, El Paso, Tex. (Nov. 18, 1993). In El Paso County,
land under cultivation in 1963 dropped from 60,407 acres to 44,262 acres in
1986. The Plan for El Paso, supra note 76. Between 1962 and 1987, the El Paso
region lost about one-third of its total acreage. Id. See also U.S. Dep't Agric.
Agric. Census (1992). The first colonias formed from severe drought conditions.
See Mark Muro, Colonias The Nation's Newest Slums, Spawned by Greed and
Indifference, House 250,000 Mexican-Americans, Boston Globe, July 31, 1988, at
73 (severe conditions hurt cotton farmers who began selling cropland to
developers). Escape from urban crime, the absence of low income alternatives,
and the pursuit of the "American Dream" of home ownership are other factors
pulling families into colonia areas. Interview with Sandy New, supra note 118.




n125  Interview with Viviana Patino, supra note 121.




n126  Interview with Eric Morales, former County Attorney, El Paso, Tex. (July
5, 1993).




n127  Former county attorney Eric Morales refers to this result as "urbanization
without regulation." Id. El Paso, a home rule jurisdiction, does not possess
zoning authority.  Tex. Loc. Gov't Code 211.001. Consequently, colonia
developments falling outside its jurisdiction are free to develop. Legislation
was subsequently enacted to curtail colonia growth. Subdivision Regulations of
El Paso County, Texas (May 2, 1990). The efforts of the Texas Attorney General,
moreover, targets the growth of colonias through a Colonias Strike Force,
litigation, and new legislation. See, e.g., Anna Borgman, State Investigation of
Illegal Colonias Sought, The Monitor, June 23, 1993, at 3; Cindy Rugeley,
Colonias Task Force Formed; Panel To Probe Alleged Abuses by Developers, Hous.
Chron., Sept. 22, 1993, at A17. Stephen Power, Laxity on Border Housing Cited,
Dallas Morning News, Mar. 12, 1995, at 30A. The Strike Force is involved in
litigation and civil and criminal investigations. See, e.g., In re D & A Realty,
Inc., Debtor v. In re Cecil McDonald, No. 92-21915-L-11 (Bankr. S.D. Tex. 1994);
State of Texas v. Maverick County Comm'r, No. 94-11-12800-CV (Tex. 1994); State
of Texas v. Zavala Water Supply, No. 9315309 (Tex. 1993); State of Texas v. De
La Cruz, No. 9315309 (Tex. 1993). The Strike Force succeeded in introducing new
legislation to assist the colonias. The legislation, however, fails to specify
where future development can take place. Because colonia growth rates expand
geometrically, alternative legislative remedies are required.




n128  Interview with Viviana Patino, supra note 121; Interview with Eric
Morales, supra note 126. While state regulations have since amended the process,
a grandfather clause exempts earlier residents. Grants, moreover, are available
for some water hookups. Residents, however, must still qualify. See, e.g., Joe
Olvera, $ 15 Million Federal Grant Will Help Colonias Get Water Hookups, El Paso
Times, Mar. 21, 1991, at B1; Joe Olvera, Despite Government Aid, Colonias Still
Struggle to Get Water, El Paso Times, Mar. 22, 1991, at 1A; Vic Kolenc, Some
Colonias to Get El Paso Water Services, El Paso Herald Post, Aug. 29, 1991, at 2
(water limited to five mile radius from city).




n129  See Committee on Natural Resources, supra note 117, at 13-18.




n130  Lots were sold for about $ 2,000 to $ 8,000. Developers finance the
purchase for a 10% down payment and $ 10.00 to $ 80.00 monthly payments. See,
e.g., Hi, Amigo, Economist, Dec. 12, 1992, at 21.




n131  Interview with Viviana Patino, supra note 121.




n132  Author's notes observing the use of cereal boxes, plastic, corrugated tin
and cardboard for housing materials throughout several El Paso colonias.
Author's Research Notes, El Paso, Tex. (July 5, 1993).




n133  Chapa & del Pinal, supra note 117, at 247.




n134  Interview with Nestor Valencia, El Paso Community Foundation (July 7,
1993). In one instance, a helicopter had to be procured from a local military
base in order to reach the victims and transport them to a local hospital. Id.




n135  Down Mexico Way, Economist, Apr. 18, 1992, at 24. See also Maggie Rivas,
El Paso Health Chief Pushes to Improve Border Conditions, Dallas Morning News,
Jan. 17, 1993, at A41 (drum for toxic chemicals used to store drinking water).




n136  Zuniga, supra note 113, at 6 (out of fourteen private wells found in
Sparks colonia, all contained fecal contamination).




n137  See, e.g., William E. Clayton Jr., Diseases Spread Along Border; AMA
President Describes Situation As "Ticking Time Bomb," Hous. Chron., July 15,
1993, at A8; Rivas, supra note 135, at 41A ("disease knows no boundaries").
Prior to the NAFTA's ratification, environmental groups sought an environmental
impact statement before submittal to Congress. Public Citizens v. United States
Trade Rep., 5 F.3d 549 (D.C. Cir. 1993).




n138  In the schools of San Elizario, an "urban colonia" in El Paso County,
virtually all the children have contracted some form of hepatitis. See, e.g.,
Colonias Factbook supra note 117; United States-Mexico Border Health Statistics,
supra note 117.




n139  Dust generated by human waste, for example, creates "biblical diseases."
See, e.g., Wayne Hearn, Borderline Risks: At the U.S.-Mexico Border, the Caldron
of Poverty, Pollution and Neglect Threatens to Spill Its Toxic Brew Nationwide;
Disease and Environmental Hazards Threaten Public Health, 36 Am. Med. News,
Sept. 20, 1993, at 11 (colonia residents afflicted with diabetes, gallbladder
disease, breast cancer striking Mexican-American and Mexican females in El Paso
at rates higher than rest of country, and an increase of birth defects, such as
anencephaly are possibly linked to environmental exposure to toxins and poor
nutrition).




n140  Parasite afflictions are difficult to cure because they recur every four
to six weeks, largely resulting from children playing in standing water. Health
statistics also reveal children contracting or spreading intestinal disorders.
Colonias Factbook, supra note 117; United States-Mexico Border Health Statistics
supra note 117. See also James Pinkerton, Living on the Edge; Health Care System
Strains To Keep Up, Hous. Chron., Oct. 21, 1993, at A1 (mail carrier underwent
emergency surgery in McAllen to remove a ball of tapeworm larvae from brain;
doctors suspected "Rio Grande water tainted by millions of gallons of human
feces-and then used for crop irrigation caused the ghastly infestation").




n141  U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-93-57, FmHA's Home Loan Program Not
Meeting The Needs of All Rural Residents 1 (1993). The FmHA is funded through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. State programs are funded through a formula
based on eligibility of the proposed borrower. The borrower must meet certain
economic conditions, such as a good credit history and an ability to repay the
loan. Id. at 2. The focus of funding housing for the rural population is a
nationally identified goal. For example, under the Housing Act of 1949, Congress
established the "national goal that every American, including the rural poor,
should have decent, safe and sanitary housing." Id. Notwithstanding national
policy, funds have generally been allocated on the basis of estimated needs, but
funding processes do not guarantee that the neediest areas will always be
served. See id. at 12.




n142  See id.




n143  See, e.g., Governor's Border Working Group, 9-10 (Tex. 1993). See also
FmHA's Home Loan Program Not Meeting the Needs of All Rural Residents, supra
note 141.




n144  Governor's Border Working Group, supra note 143 at 9-10. See also FmHA's
Home Loan Program Not Meeting the Needs of All Rural Residents, supra note 141.




n145  See generally Governor's Border Working Group, supra note 143; FmHA's Home
Loan Program Not Meeting The Needs of All Rural Residents, supra note 141, at
10.




n146  See, e.g., Governor's Border Working Group, supra note 143, at 10.




n147  See id. at 30. Standards set by FmHA's National Office broadly require
that eligible houses be structurally sound, functionally adequate, in good
repair; and adequate in size, design, and cost, with no more than 1,300 square
feet of living area for households of two or more persons. They must also meet
thermal standards, inspection and certification for adequacy of electrical,
plumbing, heat, water, sewer, and termite infestation. Each state is allowed to
implement and interpret these standards. Identical housing and basement
amenities are assessed differently in other states. FmHA's Home Loan Program Not
Meeting The Needs of All Rural Residents, supra note 141. In 1987, 310
farmworkers in El Paso were surveyed to measure the need for proposed FmHA farm
labor housing slated for the region. The average annual income reported was $
6,476. Governor's Border Working Group, supra note 143. The survey reported:

   30 percent reported sharing their home with at least one other family; 27
percent described the condition of their home as poor; 50 percent reported
overcrowded conditions; 33 percent indicated that their home required a "lot of
repairs;" 43 percent had no indoor toilets, 45 percent no tubs or showers, 33
percent no stoves, 54 percent no heaters, 9 percent indicated bad electrical
wiring, 19 percent bad foundations, and 23 percent a leaking roof.

   Id. at 21.




n148  Eight federal agencies retain programs designed for rural areas in
constructing water and/or wastewater facilities. They include the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Development Administration, USDA's
Farmers Home Administration, Appalachian Regional Commission, Department of
Housing and Urban Development, Department of Commerce's Economic Development
Administration, Environmental Protection Agency, Department of Health and Human
Services, and Department of the Interior. See Patchwork of Federal Water and
Sewer Programs is Difficult to Use, supra note 19, at 13-15. Other organizations
assist rural areas in "identifying, applying for, and administering program
grants, loans, and technical assistance.




n149  See generally id.




n150  See id. at 33.




n151  Specifically, the Regional Development Centers, Water and Waste Disposal
Systems for Rural Communities Program, and FmHA's Rural Housing Site Loan
Program are directly restricted to populations of 10,000 or less; RDA's
Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants are restricted to populations of
15,000 or less; and RDA's Rural Development Grants Programs limits availability
to a community outside a city with a population of 50,000 or less.  Id. at 11.
The unwieldy federal processing of applications, with differing standards,
application criteria, and the demands of meeting timetables with funding cycles,
hinder eligibility. Id. at 15.




n152  Alfredo Corchado, Special Report: Town of Socorro, El Paso Herald Post,
Feb. 17, 1993, at A1 (quoting Sergio Melendez, former Socorro City Planner).




n153  Border regions are also losing approximately 2,500 acres to law
enforcement activities seeking to control illegal drugs coming into the United
States. See U.S. Army Corps. of Engineers, Final Programmatic Environmental
Impact Statement for JTF-6 Activities Along the U.S./Mexico Border (1994);
Southwest Center for Environmental Research and Policy, Summary of U.S.-Mexico
Border Community Environmental Forums (1993).




n154  Interview with Sandy New, supra note 118; Interview with Sister Mary Beth
Larkin, ESPISO, El Paso, Tex. (July 5, 1993).




n155  Interview with Agriculture Stabilization and Conservation County Comm.,
supra note 76.




n156  For the sake of convenience, ranching and/or agricultural lands are
referred to as agricultural land throughout this text. Where farm-specific or
ranching-specific distinctions are required, they will be noted accordingly.




n157  In the 1870s, thick chaparral was "so heavy that herds of stolen beef or
horses could be hidden a few miles from town in perfect secrecy." Paredes, A
Border Ballad and Its Hero, supra note 21, at 10 (quoting Informe de la Comision
Pesquisidora de la Frontera del Norte (Mexico 1877)). This characterization does
not apply today. Flora, fauna, and the diverse plant habitat unique to the
region are disappearing with unmitigated restraint. See generally Southwest
Center for Environmental Research and Policy, supra note 153. Miscellaneous
items, food wrappers, paper cups, bottles and other littering are now found in
isolated open spaces and former sites of agricultural enterprises. See Author's
journal notes, El Paso, Texas.




n158  Farming operations fell from 138,800 to 130,000. For the same period, the
number of dislocated farms dropped from 187,000 to 183,000, and the number of
corporate farming enterprises increased. See, e.g., Guide To The Year 2010,
supra note 76. Losses of agricultural enterprises continues to the present. See
U.S. Dep't Agric. Statistics 1985-1992 (1995).




n159  See generally Southwest Center for Environmental Research and Policy,
supra note 153. Projected growth of the region, in sum, promises further
congestion for border twin cities. See also Office of the Attorney General,
Texas, HB 1001 And Related Colonias Issues 3 (1995) ("due to the implementation
of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade (GATT), other economic incentives, and the increasingly robust
economic development along the Texas-Mexico border, the population in
economically distressed subdivisions in the affected counties will continue to
increase"); LaRue Corbin et al., The Environment, Free Trade, and Hazardous
Waste: A Study of the U.S.-Mexico Border Environmental Problems In The Light of
Free Trade, 1 Tex. Wesleyan L. Rev.  183, 205 (1994) (border regions are
environmentally distressed, and the challenge of NAFTA is to "accomplish [its]
objective without precipitating disastrous environmental consequences."); Tom
Barry & Beth Sims, The Challenge of Cross-Border Environmentalism: The
U.S.-Mexico Case (1994).




n160  The 1987 Bilateral Framework Agreement on Trade and Investment between the
United States and Mexico, and several joint task forces between both countries,
including three technical working groups from the United States Department of
Agriculture and Mexico's Secretaria de Agricultura y Recursos Hidraulicos,
worked towards greater access to trade and exports. See U.S. Gen. Accounting
Office, GAO/NSIAD-91-155, U.S.-Mexico Trade Impact of Liberalization in the
Agricultural Sector (1991). See also Liane L. Heggy, Free Trade Meets U.S. Farm
Policy: Life After the Uruguay Round, 25 Law & Pol'y Int'l Bus., 1367, 1378
(1994) (examination of nature of international agreements in Latin American
countries).




n161  U.S.-Mexico Trade Impact of Liberalization in the Agricultural Sector,
supra note 160.




n162  Mexican agricultural exports demonstrate the benefits achieved from these
efforts. In 1989, the value of agricultural trade was estimated at approximately
$ 200 million and has increased significantly throughout the past decade. For
example, the total value of bilateral trade increased by 89% from $ 27.8 billion
in 1980 to $ 52.6 billion in 1989. Mexico now ranks as the United States' third
largest trading partner.




n163  In addition to benefits derived from the federal regulatory structure, the
Mexican economy benefits by way of disparate wage differentials and favorable
climatic regions that compete with California, Texas, and Florida, traditionally
the largest producers of fruits and vegetables in the United States. To protect
the U.S. import and export market, NAFTA included phase-in periods and other
protectionist mechanisms. The transfer of food processors into Mexico
demonstrates the shift from producing food in the United States to food
production in foreign markets. See, e.g., Marianne Biasotti, Outlooks Differ On
Food Processors' Closing , Santa Cruz Sentinel, Nov. 21, 1995, at A1 (Green
Giant relocated to Mexico); Robert Collier, What Green Giant Found South of the
Border, S.F. Chron., June 28, 1994, at A7. Future relocations threaten the
viability of initiating small and/or moderate sized farming operations. See
Jennifer Dixon, Texas Farms Head South, NAFTA Expected to Accelerate Drain of
Jobs to Mexico, S.F. Examiner, Oct. 5, 1992, at D1; Suzanne Steel, Goods
Produced, Grown In Ohio Could Find New Markets in Mexico, Col. Dispatch, Aug.
29, 1993, at G2. William Libman, Testimony On Behalf of the United States
Broomcorn Broom Industry, Fed. Doc. Clearing House Cong. Testimony, Sept. 23,
1993.




n164  See, e.g., David Runsten & Sandra O. Archibald, Technology and
Labor-Intensive Agriculture: Competition Between Mexico And The United States,
U.S.-Mexico Relations, Labor Market Interdependence (Jorge A. Bustamante et al.
eds., 1992). As defined by the authors, complementary products are those not
produced in the United States, such as coffee. Supplementary products are
imports that compete with U.S. production, for example: garlic, broccoli,
grapes, tomatoes, and asparagus. See Kent S. Foster & Dean C. Alexander, The
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) And The Agricultural Sector, 40 Loy.
L. Rev. 63 (1994).




n165  See 56 Stat. 1759 (1942). The Bracero Program received statutory
authorization in 1951. 65 Stat. 119 (1957).




n166  The Immigration Law of 1917 imposed literacy requirements, a head tax, and
added to the list of inadmissible classes of aliens permitted entry into the
U.S. For a discussion of the Immigration Act of 1917 and subsequent quota
immigration laws, see Oscar M. Trellas, II & James F. Bailey, III, Immigration
and Nationality Acts: Legislative Histories and Related Documents 54 (1979). The
alleged labor shortages, as perceived by agricultural employers, are subject to
criticism. See generally George C. Kiser & Martha W. Kiser, Mexican Workers In
The United States: Historical and Political Perspectives (1979); Valdes , supra
note 94. Agricultural employers commonly succeed in procuring legislation to
accommodate perceived shortages. See, e.g., Migrant and Seasonal Agricultural
Workers Protection Act, 29 U.S.C. 1801-1872 (1988) (MSAWPA). Although authorized
to protect migrant workers, MSAWPA exempts certain family farms. Id. The
Seasonal Agricultural Worker Program (SAW Program), an exception to the stated
goals of the Immigration Reform Control Act of 1986 in deterring the number of
foreign workers into the United States, provides a present day example of
federal legislation regulating and meeting the labor needs of the agricultural
sector. Pub. L. 99-603, 100 Stat. 3359 (1986). In contrast to the Act's stated
goals, the SAW Program permitted the entry of labor from foreign markets,
ensuring the needs and demands of the agricultural sector were met. Other
immigration laws also facilitate the entry of nonimmigrants into the United
States "to perform agricultural labor." 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) (Supp.
1991). Exceptions to key provisions of protective labor laws and immigration
laws provide a managed and subsidized workforce for agricultural employers and
set forth innumerable other examples of the exceptionalism allowed the industry.
See, e.g., Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C. 213(a)(6) (1988) (excluding
agricultural employees from the minimum wage and maximum hour provisions of 29
U.S.C. 206-207 (1988); cf. id. 152(3) (excluding farm laborers from the National
Labor Relations Act); Capper-Volstead Act, 7 U.S.C. 291-292 (1994).




n167  See, e.g., Valdes, supra note 94, at 94; Ernesto Galarza, Merchants of
Labor, The Mexican Bracero Story (1964); Maril, supra note 110.




n168  Valdes, supra note 94, at 95.




n169  See, e.g., Maril, supra note 110, at 44. For an overview of how this
translates for workers seeking representation through unions, see generally
Medrano v. Allee, 347 F. Supp. 605 (S.D. Tex. 1972), modified, 94 S. Ct. 2191
(1974) (action by farmworker union and other individuals against certain Texas
Rangers, state officers, and county officials who used threats of prosecution,
subjected persons engaged in promoting farmworkers to arrests, detentions
without filing charges, and threats of further prosecutions if pro-union
activities did not cease); Vasquez v. Bannworths Inc., 707 S.W.2d 886 (Tex.
1986); Gault v. Texas Rural Legal Aid, 848 F.2d 544 (5th Cir. 1988) (growers,
packers and trade association action against union, union picketing statutes
with civil rights counterclaims regarding constitutionality of picketing
statutes). In their representation of field workers, the actions of legal
services attorneys are subjected to the scrutiny of growers, producers, and
their political representatives. Legal Services Corporation, supra note 100
(requester's "general concern with the magnitude and propriety of grantee
attorneys' actions against growers who employ field workers).




n170 " Maquila" is a Spanish term derived from the verb "maquilar" which
translates as "perform a task for another." Of the two thousand maquiladoras
located in Mexico, three hundred are established in Ciudad Juarez comprising the
highest concentration of maquilas in a border region. Paso del Norte Regional
Economy, supra note 26, at v. In El Paso, maquilas generate two of every five
jobs. The maquila industry has induced some scholarship.  See generally Dedra L.
Wilburn, The North American Free Trade Agreement: Sending U.S. Jobs South of the
Border, 17 N.C. J. Int'l L. & Com. Reg. 489 (1992); David Voigt, The Maquiladora
Problem in the Age of NAFTA: Where Will We Find Solutions?, 2 Minn. J. Global
Trade 323 (1993); M. Patricia Fernandez-Kelly, Labor Force Recomposition and
Industrial Restructuring In Electronics: Implications For Free Trade, 10 Hofstra
Lab. L. J. 623 (1993); Annette Fuentes & Barbara Ehrenreich, Women in the Global
Factory (1988).




n171  The concept behind the program was to promote foreign investment and
exports. See U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/GGD-94-22, U.S.-Mexico Trade: The
Work Environment at Eight U.S.-Owned Maquiladora Auto Parts Plants (1993).




n172  Starting salaries for maquila employees working a forty-nine hour week are
about $ 27.00 per week. The price of food and other essentials is similar in
cost to U.S. prices. See, e.g., Michael Satchell, Poisoning the Border, U.S.
News & World Rep., May 6, 1991, at 32.




n173  About 85 percent of maquila workers are women. See generally Paso del
Norte Regional Economy, supra note 26, at 31; Jan Gilbreath Rich, Bordering on
Trouble, Envtl. F. (1991) (assembly factories employ 1/10th of country's labor
force); Maria Patricia Fernandez-Kelly, Mexican Border Industrialization: Female
Labor Force Participation and Migration in Women, Men and the International
Division of Labor 224 (June Nash & Maria Patricia Fernandez-Kelly eds., 1983);
Michael J. Twomey, Multinational Corporations and the North American Free Trade
Agreement (1993). The value of the maquila industry is subject to dispute. The
industry's critics contest the substandard working conditions and certain
production processes that allegedly endanger employees' health. They also assert
that employment in the industry prompts thousands of females to migrate from
Mexico's interior to the border, and thereby increases the exploitation of young
women. See generally Paul E. Brink, Woman's Passion is Fighting Injustices of
Maquiladora System, El Paso Times, July 7, 1993, at 4A; Sherri M. Durand,
American Maquiladoras: Are They Exploiting Mexico's Working Poor?, 3 Kan. J. L.
& Pub. Pol'y 128 (1994); Coalition For Justice in the Maquiladoras: Annual
Report 1993 (1994). For an examination of how the female workforce in the
maquilas is meeting the challenges of working in the industry, see Devon Pena,
The Terror of the Machine, Technology, Gender, and Ecology on the U.S.-Mexico
Border (1995) (publication forthcoming).




n174  One congressional study reported plants missing "some hazard-specific
programs and training. This results in part, in inadequate and/or partial safety
and health programs, machinery lacking machinery guards and exposed machine
parts, common injuries recorded were contusions, lacerations, hand injuries,
excessive machine noise. Moreover, the reporting of injuries and illnesses is
also incomplete. U.S.-Mexico Trade: The Work Environment at Eight U.S.-Owned
Maquiladora Auto Parts Plants, supra note 171, at 2-6.




n175  See Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy, supra note 26, at 22.
Maquilas are also being incorporated into the food processing industries.




n176  See, e.g., Jan Gilbreath Rich, Planning the Border's Future: The
Mexican-U.S. Integrated Border Environmental Plan, U.S.-Mexican Policy Studies
Program (1992); Rich, Bordering on Trouble, supra note 173, at 26-33 (ecological
crisis on border resulting from industrialization and rapid population
expansion); Mary Kelly, NAFTA's Environmental Side Agreement: A Review and
Analysis, Texas Center for Policy Studies (1993); Randy Lee Loftis, Mexico
Pushing A Cleaner Image, Dallas Morning News , Dec. 5, 1993, at A1; Xavier
Carlos Vasquez, The North American Free Trade Agreement and Environmental
Racism, 32 Harv. Int'l L.J. 357 (1993); Cheryl Schecter & David Brill, Jr.,
Maquiladoras: Will the Program Continue?, 23 St. Mary's L.J. 697 (1992); Daniel
I. Basurto Gonzales & Elaine Flud Rodriguez, Environmental Aspects of
Maquiladora Operations: A Note of Caution for U.S. Parent Corporations, 22 St.
Mary's L.J. 659 (1991); U.S.-Mexico Trade: The Work Environment at Eight
U.S.-Owned Maquiladora Auto Parts Plants, supra note 184; David J. Molina, A
Comment on Whether Maquiladoras Are in Mexico for Low Wages or to Avoid
Pollution Costs, 2 J. Env't & Dev. 221 (1993); Santos Gomez, Environmental Risks
Related to the Maquiladora Industry and the Likely Environmental Impact on
NAFTA, 6 La Raza L.J. 174 (1993).




n177  See Agreement on Cooperation for the Protection and Improvement of the
Environment in the Border Area, Aug. 14, 1983, U.S.-Mex., T.I.A.S. No. 10,827
(stating that waste materials generated by the maquiladora plants are to be
transported back to the United States for disposal if they cannot be recycled
and reused in Mexico). A study by the Texas Center for Policy Studies found that
in a 2/ year period only 33 of the approximately 600 maquiladoras in the
Texas-Mexico border area had filed the required notices for return of their
hazardous wastes from Mexican operations to the United States as required by
Mexican law. Remarks of Mary E. Kelly, Senate Comm. on Finance, Mexico/United
States/Canada Free Trade Negotiations and the Environment 3 (Tex. Ctr. for Pol'y
Stud. 1991). Several maquilas use "significant amounts of solvents and generate
other wastes considered hazardous." Id. Residents at the border have long
criticized the Environmental Protection Agency for lax regulatory treatment and
for failing to address the environmental degradation at the border for over
twenty years. See , e.g., Jorge B. Haynes, Border Will Remain Polluted Without
Free Trade, Hous. Chron. , Sept. 28, 1992, at A13; John Hall, Chairman, Tex.
Water Comm'n, Comments on the Integrated Environmental Plan for the Mexico-U.S.
Border Area (1991) (exposure to toxic chemicals in workplace on daily basis).




n178  Other effects of the hazardous waste include the birth of children whose
mothers worked in the industry and/or lived near maquila plants with birth
defects and children characterized as "Mallory children." America's Deadly,
Observer Mag. , Dec. 12, 1993, at 16 (birth of anencephaly children where brain
fails to develop and baby born with open skull, filled mainly with liquid).
Lawsuits filed on behalf of the children allege their mothers inhaled a
"cocktail of solvents, acids and heavy metals blown over ... by prevailing
south-easterly winds from the Matamoros industrial plants." Id. The women
handled polychlorinated biphenyls in glass tubes without proper safety equipment
or clothing sustaining burns and rashes. Id. Characteristics of Mallory children
include "mongoloid features-flat noses, large, swollen lips-and suffering a
range of mental and physical defects." Id. See also Carol Byrne, What Is Killing
These Babies?, Star Trib., May 2, 1993, at A7; J. Michael Kennedy, Teeming
"Colonias"; Border Has Worst of Both Worlds, L.A. Times, Oct. 2, 1989, at P1;
Jim Morris, Baby Tragedy Has No Bounds, Hous. Chron. Aug. 2, 1992, at 1; Jo Ann
Zuniga, Maquiladoras Bring Pollution Along With New Prosperity, Hous. Chron.,
Feb. 9, 1992, at A26.




n179  See, e.g., Texas Center for Policy Studies, Mary Kelly, NAFTA's
Environmental Side Agreement: A Review and Analysis of Key Provisions (1993);
Jan Gilbreath Rich, The North American Free Trade Agreement: Some Environmental
Considerations (1991).




n180  NAFTA proponents assert that the free flow of agricultural goods and
services promotes production efficiency through economies of scale. Free trade
forces business to hold costs down and, in the process, improves quality,
thereby providing consumers with greater choices and lower prices. See, e.g.,
Sidney Weintraub, The North American Free Trade Debate, 119 Wash. Q. (Fall
1990); Rudiger Dornbusch, If Mexico Prospers, So Will We, Wall St. J., Apr. 11,
1991, at A14. In this country "efficiency is equated with profitability." Ingolf
Vogeler, The Myth of the Family Farm, Agribusiness Dominance of U.S. Agriculture
(1981). The above assertions advanced the Agreement's passage. Consequently,
greater industrialization and further consolidation of larger sized agricultural
operations is assured. In marked contrast, Ingolf Vogeler asserts efficiency and
greater production are not the same. He disputes published data stating that the
larger the farm operation, the lower the yields per acre. "A large-scale farmer
seems more efficient but actually only produces more in quantity and value with
fewer workers and more land." In contrast, Class II farms, he asserts, achieve
economies of size. Id. at 192.




n181  See, e.g., NAFTA Text, supra note 6, at 775. The NAFTA culminated during
the 1992 United States Presidential campaign. The side agreements were initially
made to address concerns relative to wage differentials and alleged
environmental hazards in Mexico. See, e.g., Terence J. Centner, Changes
Impacting Production Agriculture: NAFTA and New Environmental Regulations, 24 U.
Tol. L. Rev. 371 (1993); Terence J. Centner, Presidential Address: The
Internationalization of Agriculture: Preparing for the Twenty-First Century, 7
Neb. L. Rev. 5 (1994); David G. Abler, NAFTA, Agriculture and the Environment,
28 Tulsa L.J.  659 (1993); James F. Smith & Marilyn Whitney, The Dispute
Settlement Mechanism of the NAFTA and Agriculture, 68 N.D. L. Rev. 567 (1992).
Opposition to global integration of the agricultural sector focused primarily on
the degree of market competition from countries with producers or marketing
organizations that enjoyed a competitive advantage: less stringent environmental
laws, lower quality of goods, disparate wage levels and the absence of labor
regulations in foreign countries. See , e.g., Centner, supra. Trade sensitive
commodities received a considerable amount of scrutiny. In the United States,
trade sensitive commodities include fresh fruits and vegetables particularly
tomatoes. In Mexico, United States corn production markets retain competitive
advantages. Trade sensitive products were permitted phase-in periods to protect
agricultural markets. Id.




n182  The Supplemental North American Agreement of Labor Cooperation, in NAFTA
Text, supra note 6, at Art. 4: Private Action. The working conditions of field
workers are vulnerable to political forces. For example, under the Reagan
Administration, U.S. Department of Labor regulations precluded workers, injured
on the job from suing their employers, even if they received state workers'
compensation. Farmworker Law Developments In 1990 , Clearinghouse Rev. (1991).
Agribusiness pressured the administration for changes after Congress
strengthened the legal rights of field workers by enacting federal protective
statutes with damage provisions to supplement workers' compensation statutes.
These statutes permitted field workers to go directly into federal court to seek
damages. Litigation challenging the regulations was successful, and they were
eventually invalidated. Adams Fruit Co. v. Barrett, 110 S. Ct. 1384, 1386-87
(1990). The issue, however, and resistance to this form of protection for
agricultural workers continue to the present time. See, e.g., Steven Kenfield,
Vice President, Alliance Labor Contractors, House Comm. on the Economic
Workforce, Fed. Doc. Clearing House Cong. Testimony, May 25, 1995. For a
detailed examination of the Labor Supplemental Annex of the NAFTA, see Katherine
A. Hagen, Fundamentals of Labor Issues and NAFTA, 27 U.C. Davis. L. Rev. 917
(1994).




n183  NAFTA Text, supra note 6, at 775.




n184  One example of how this translates to the working conditions of field
workers is field sanitation regulations. Although sanitation facilities are
required, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration's method for
ensuring grower compliance is not uniform in its application.  29 C.F.R.
1928.110 (1989). For a general overview on the relationship between state law
and the Agreement, see, e.g., Sarah M. Vogel, The Effects of NAFTA Upon North
Dakota State Law, 70 N.D. L. Rev. 485 (1994); Lance Compa, Labor Rights and
Labor Standards in International Trade, 25 Law & Pol'y Int'l Bus. 165 (1993).




n185  NAFTA Text, supra note 6, at 775.




n186  Even where strong labor principles theoretically apply, federal agencies,
responsible for regulating field workers, provide less protection to these
employers than that supplied to others. See, e.g., Farmworkers Face Gaps in
Protection and Barriers to Benefits, supra note 92. To cap this process, the
Agreement, moreover, protects potential violators of labor standards. Article 43
provides: "No Party may provide for a right of action under its domestic law
against any other Party on the ground that another Party has acted in a manner
inconsistent with this Agreement." NAFTA Text, supra note 6, at 793. This
restraint permits instances of harmful conditions for U.S. farmworkers to remain
unchallenged.




n187  Annex 1 purportedly allows "guiding principles:"

   Parties are committed to promote, subject to each Party's domestic law, but
do not establish common minimum standards for their domestic law. They indicate
broad areas of concern where the Parties have developed, each in its own way,
laws, regulations, procedures and practices that protect the rights and
interests of their respective workforces.

   NAFTA Text, supra note 6, at 796.




n188  Id. The time required to file complaints is not easily available for field
workers who cannot afford to leave the fields for the filing of administrative
complaints. For a discussion of NAFTA's dispute resolution mechanism and its
side accords on labor and the environment, see, e.g., Jack I. Garvey, Trade Law
and Quality of Life-Dispute Resolution Under the NAFTA Side Accords on Labor and
the Environment, 89 Am. J. Int'l. L. 439 (1995).




n189  Richard Delgado et al., Fairness and Formality: Minimizing the Risk of
Prejudice in Alternative Dispute Resolution, 1985 Wis. L. Rev. 1359 (1985).




n190  Id. See also Thomas Geoghegan, Unsettling Disputes, Employees May Be the
Losers in Arbitration Process, Chi. Trib. Nov. 27, 1994, at 1; Thomas Geoghegan,
Which Side Are You On: Trying to Be For Labor When It's Flat On Its Back (1994).




n191  See supra text accompanying notes 91-183.




n192  Delgado, supra note 13, at 101 states:

   Unless we recognize the government's power to enrich A, while ignoring B, can
cause inequality between A and B just as surely as its power to impoverish B
directly we risk repeating the error of the universal story's herdsman whose
goats were stolen while he attended to another danger.




n193  7 U.S.C. 1282 (1988) (allowing consumers an "adequate and steady supply of
... commodities at fair prices").




n194  Thomas N. Urban, Agricultural Industrialization: It's Inevitable, Choices,
4th Quarter 1991. Industrialization within the agricultural sector involves the
concentration, increased technical advancement and ongoing integration with
input and marketing sectors of larger sized agricultural interests. Neil D.
Hamilton, Who Owns Dinner: Evolving Legal Mechanisms for Ownership of Plant
Genetic Resources, 28 Tulsa L.J. 587, 643 (1993). See also Marty Strange, Family
Farming: A New Economic Vision 32-39 (1988) (defining an industrial agribusiness
system as one producing an "industrially organized farm, that [is] financed for
growth, large scale, concentrated, specialized, management centered,
capital-intensive, at an advantage in controlled markets, standardized in [its]
production processes, resource consumptive and farmed as a business"). Professor
Hamilton finds that developments affecting changing structures within the
agricultural sector are as follows: movement toward contract production of
swine; ongoing trends towards larger, confined animal feeding facilities;
commercialization of biotechnology; increased development of markets and
technology for producing "industrial" crops; and food processors and marketers
increased concentration in the food processing industry. Neil D. Hamilton, supra
at 643. See also Neil O. Hamilton, Agriculture Without Farmers? Is
Industrialization Restructuring American Food Production and Threatening the
Future of Sustainable Agriculture?, 14 U. Ill. L. Rev. 613 (1994).




n195  See infra note 198 and accompanying text.




n196  An excellent example is the growth of agricultural cooperatives.
Anti-trust legislation purportedly promotes competitive market forces. In
promoting competition, the competitive marketplace should "yield the best
allocation of resources." Northern Pac. Ry. Co. v. United States, 356 U.S. 1,
4-5 (1958). Notwithstanding the value placed on competition, monopolies are
disfavored. Yet agricultural cooperatives are exempt from antitrust legislation.
Clayton Act of 1914, 15 U.S.C. 17 (1985); Capper-Volstead Act of 1922, 7 U.S.C.
291-292 (1988); Cooperative Marketing Act of 1927, 7 U.S.C. 451-457 (1988);
Agricultural Adjustment and Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937, 7
U.S.C. 608(a) (1988): Robinson-Patman Act of 1939, 15 U.S.C. 13b (1988). While
there are many definitions of cooperatives, Justice Brandeis, in a well-known
dissent, Frost v. Corporation Comm'n, 278 U.S. 515 (1929) stated:

   The farmers seek through both [stock and nonstock cooperatives] to secure a
more efficient system of production and distribution and a more equitable
allocation of benefits. But this is not their only purpose. Besides promoting
the financial advantages of the participating farmers, they seek through
cooperation to socialize their interests-to require an equitable assumption of
responsibilities while assuring and equitable distribution of benefits. Their
aim is economic democracy on lines of liberty, equality and fraternity.

   Id. at 536-37. Several cases defining the contours of agriculture's immunity
from antitrust legislation include, inter alia, National Broiler Mktg. Ass'n v.
United States, 436 U.S. 816 (1978); Treasure Valley Potato Bargaining Ass'n v.
Ore-Ida Foods, Inc., 497 F.2d 203, cert. denied, 410 U.S. 999 (1974); Case-
Swayne Co., Inc., v. Sunkist Growers, Inc., 389 U.S. 384 (1968); Maryland and
Virginia Milk Producers Ass'n v. United States, 362 U.S. 458 (1960); United
States v. Borden Co., 308 U.S. 188 (1939). See also Carla Tolbert Cook,
Antitrust Action Against Milk Marketing Cooperatives-Shaking Up The Milk
Industry, 34 Drake L. Rev. 493 (1984-1985) (historical examination of
agricultural cooperatives and antitrust legislation as applied to the milk
industry). For an examination of agricultural cooperatives, see Jim Chen, The
American Ideology, 48 Vand. L. Rev. 809 (1995); United States v. Rock Royal
Co-op, 307 U.S. 533, 563 (1939); Industrial Comm'n v. United Fruit Growers
Ass'n, 103 P.2d 15, 17 (1940).




n197  See, e.g., Runsten & Archibald, supra note 164.




n198  It appears the beneficiaries of governmental entitlements are a select
few. By way of example, beneficiaries of large governmental awards, known as
deficiency payments, are concentrated among relatively few farms. Approximately
54 percent of all 1993 deficiency payments were awarded to approximately ten
percent of the 989,000 farms receiving such payments. U.S. Gen. Accounting
Office, GAO/T-RCED-95-133, Farm Programs, Distribution of USDA Income Support
Payments 1 (1995). Although Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C.
2000d, prohibits discrimination in federally assisted programs, the regulations
fail to insure existing regulations do not perpetuate disparate impact on groups
outside its framework. For an elaboration of the emphasis in the environmental
context, see Torres, supra note 11, at 449. ("A few statutes-state or
federal-require agency officials to consider the racial or distributional
effects of an environmental decision or action"). Moreover, as reported in a
recent report, federal beneficiary payments are awarded to larger enterprises
comprising corporate entities. See , e.g., Environmental Working Group, City
Slickers: Farm Subsidy Recipients In America's Big Cities (1995). In El Paso,
beneficiaries of federal payments received $ 13.4 million. Id. This emphasis
detracts and, consequently, prevents the growth of a viable, diverse, rural
economy in the region.




n199  In 1930, the rural population comprised 53.8 million (43.7 percent of the
total population). Rural Development Profile of Rural Areas, supra note 19. In
1990, the rural population was 61.7 million (25% of the total population). In
1980, 31% more of the total U.S. population lived on farms than in 1990, when
approximately 3.9 million people (1.6%) lived on farms; this trend continues.
For example, the total number of farms dropped 12% from 2.4 million farms in
1981 to 2.1 million farms in 1990. Id. Reflecting the diminished place of the
"family farm," the federal government announced it would no longer survey farm
residents. See Barbara Vobejda, Agriculture No Longer Counts in a Milestone of
Sorts, U.S. to Drop Farm Resident Census , Wash. Post, Oct. 9, 1993, at A1. See
also Jon Margolis, Small Town America Caught in Farm Crunch, Chi. Trib., Oct.
20, 1994, at A1 ("Kansas actually has a larger frontier' today than it did in
1890").




n200  Vogeler, supra note 180, at 9. Proponents of agribusiness measure
agricultural efficiency with productivity. See generally Status of the Farm
Sector, supra note 5. Vogeler asserts that efficiency and greater production are
not necessarily achieving economies of scale. Vogeler points out that
large-scale farmers produce more agricultural goods and higher yields per
worker. Large-scale farmers seem more efficient, he asserts, but actually only
produce more in quantity and value with fewer workers and more land. In
contrast, Class II farms achieved economies of size. Vogeler, supra note 180.
Other studies report that production cost do not vary much from 300 to 3,000
acres. Ronald L. Rosman, This Land Is Your Land, Am. Farmland Trust 14, 15
(1992); Jim Hightower, Eat Your Heart Out; Food Profiteering in America (1975).




n201  For the historical foundation of agricultural subsidies and background
specifics leading to the promulgation of the Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938
(AAA), see generally MacDonald, supra note 1, ("the sole aim and object of this
act is to raise farm prices"). See also U.S. Gen. Accounting Office,
GAO/GGD-94-14, Farm Credit System: Farm Credit Administration Effectively
Addresses Identified Problems (1994); Jeffrey R. Kayl, Comment, Farm Credit
Amendments Act of 1985: Congressional Intent, FCA Implementation and Court's
Interpretation (And the Effect of Subsequent Legislation on the 1985 Act), 37
Drake L. Rev. 271 (1987-1988) (background on network of federal farm lending
practices and institutions).




n202  Morrill Act, ch. 130, 12 Stat. 503 (1862) (codified as amended at 7 U.S.C.
301-305, 307, 308 (1988)). The role of high-tech crops and the development of
sophisticated farm equipment demonstrate this concept. See, e.g., Keith Parr,
Developments in Agricultural Biotechnology, 19 Wm. Mitchell L. Rev. 457 (1993).
But see Critics Try to Delay OK of Altered Tomato, Chi. Trib., Apr. 9, 1994, at
Business 1; California Agrarian Action Project v. University of Calif., 258 Cal.
Rptr. 769 (Ct. App. 1989).




n203  For example, income support payments known as deficiency payments have
long protected producers' incomes when crop payments fall below set price
levels.  Farm Programs, Distribution of USDA Income Support Payments, supra note
198, at 1. These payments support incomes of producers and ensure that they
receive a "minimum return from their crops." The deficiency payment rate is the
difference between a legislatively established target price and either the
national average market price or the loan rate. The USDA supports certain
commodity prices through its nonrecourse loan program, where producers obtain
loans and repay either directly or by forfeiting their crops to the CCC. Id. Yet
another example of agricultural legislation protecting commodities is the sugar
program which includes loans that support sugar prices and import quotas. These
quotas restrict the supply of foreign sugar and ultimately protect producers
from lower world sugar prices. U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-93-84,
Sugar Program: Changing Domestic and International Conditions Require Program
Changes (1993). Federal benefits are distributed among a relatively small number
of farms: 42 percent of sugar grower benefits are awarded to 1 percent of farms;
17 cane farms received about 58 percent of the benefits; and 33 farms received
over $ 1 million during the 1991 crop year. Federal benefits awarded to sugar
growers keep sweetener prices higher and cost users an average of $ 1.4 billion
annually. The above benefits are not unique to sugar growers and producers. For
a review of the distribution of government price supports in other commodities,
see generally U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-93-18, Peanut Program:
Changes are Needed to Make the Program Responsive to Market Forces (1993) (less
than 25 percent of growers holding over 80 percent of available peanuts produced
with award program between $ 314 million and $ 513 million added to cost of
peanuts annually; other benefits included about $ 234 per ton above the average
cost of producing peanuts); U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-94-88, Rice
Program: Government Support Needs to be Reassessed (1994) (federal costs
averaged $ 863 million between 1986 and 1992, increased the percentage of
producer income, and concentrated benefits among 15 percent of rice farms
receiving 52 percent of deficiency payments). Approximately $ 8 billion of
support went towards particular commodities, such as corn, wheat, rice, and
cotton. Indirect support, through supply restrictions, also awards benefits to
the sector. Criticism over the expansive nature of federal payments generated
some changes in the Federal Agricultural Improvement Act of 1996. H.R. Conf.
Rep. No.  2854, 104th Cong., 2d Sess. (1996). After a contentious political
battle, the Act changed the target price deficiency payment system. Sugar,
tobacco, and peanut programs sustained modest changes. Id. Capped payments
change other agricultural programs, but after a seven-year period the former
system is re-initiated if the new one fails. Id. For a critical examination of
the equities of farm programs, see Christopher R. Kelley, Rethinking the
Equities of Federal Farm Programs, 14 U. Ill. L. Rev. 659 (1994).




n204  Federal agricultural intervention has affected the size of farm
operations; the degree of specialization used; the class of business
organization used; the ease of entry into the farming; the ease of exiting from
the farming; whether transfer of the operation is transferable and the degree of
difficulty; whether government intervention in the market and the structure of
the market hinders farming; whether farms are labor or capital intensive; type
of land use patterns; and ownership of productive resources. Neil D. Hamilton,
Six Philosophical Issues Shaping Agricultural Law, 72 Neb. L. Rev. 210, 213-20
(1993).




n205  U.S. Dep't of Commerce, Bureau of the Census, 1992 Census of Agriculture,
Table 16, Tenure and Characteristics and Type of Organizations 22 (1995). The
Census designates a farm as any place which sold or normally would have sold $
1,000.00 or more of agricultural products during the census year. Id. The
agricultural census discloses a total of 1.93 million farms in the U.S. in 1992,
down from 2.09 million in 1987. This constitutes a decline of about 32,500 farms
per year. As of 1977, farms with over $ 40,000 in gross sales controlled over 52
percent of the total farm assets, yet they accounted for only 19 percent of the
total number of farms. Real estate and machinery also increased while livestock,
crops, and financial assets declined. Id. See also Neil O. Hamilton, Agriculture
Without Farmers, supra note 194 (effect of biotechnology on agriculture).




n206  1992 Census of Agriculture, supra note 205. See also U.S. Gen. Accounting
Office, GAO/RCED-93-40FS, Rural Development Profile of Rural Areas (1993).




n207  See U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-93-95, Farm Finance: Number of
New Farmers Is Declining 2 (1993). In the United States, the farm population is
heavily overrepresented by the dominant population. Out of all farm operators,
those of Spanish origin equaled 20,956 individuals. Those not of Spanish origin,
as defined by the U.S. Census, equaled 12,394,690. U.S. Dep't of Commerce, 1992
Census of Agriculture, U.S. Data (1995).




n208  The Number of New Farmers Declining, supra note 207, at 5. See also Jeff
Kurowski, Starting Dairy Operation Takes Toll, South Bend Trib. , Jan. 7, 1995,
at D10. The declining number of new farmers has induced Congress to help ease
the entry of people into farming. The decline is also attributable to economic
conditions in the agricultural sector that have made farming less financially
desirable. Id.




n209  See Farm Finance: Number of New Farmers Declining, supra note 207, at 1.




n210  During the 1982-1987 period, the number of new farm entrants-those who
began operations on their current farm within a given year of the studied
period-averaged about 25,000 fewer people on an annual basis. The number of new
farmers, moreover, continues to decline. See Farm Finance: Number of New Farmers
Is Declining, supra note 207. From mid-1992, sixteen out of twenty key farm
states and eleven of twelve agricultural states sponsoring beginning farmer
programs reported that over the past five years the number of individuals
entering farming declined by at least ten percent. States such as Texas and Ohio
yielded numbers greater than 50%. Id. at 2-3. Estimates, however, may not be
precise because of limitations in census data. For example, while the data
included experienced farmers who had changed farms, it did not account for
farmers entering and exiting between the census period. Id. Formidable
transactional costs in the El Paso area, from the lowering of trade barriers and
NAFTA, will also exact tremendous pressures on smaller operations.




n211  The self-policing aspect of agriculture presents further obstacles to
those outside the center of agricultural power. The Agricultural Stabilization
and Conservation Service and elected county committee members or appointed state
committee members are composed of public employees. Committee members serving
out their elected positions determine which individual farmers qualify for
agricultural subsidies. See, e.g., 7 C.F.R. 7.1-.38 (1995). The implementing
regulations provide details as to the eligibility and compliance of federal
recipients. The federal regulatory framework permits farmers to vote on the
determination of subsidy awards for their given areas. This process raises
ethical considerations. Farmers receiving the subsidies hold positions with
county officers of the Agricultural Stabilization and Conservation Service
and/or are employed in part time positions as elected county committee members
or appointed state committee members. While the programs were not directly
designed to exclude field workers, the scarcity of Chicana/o owner operators and
opportunities to initiate farming enterprises preclude opportunities to serve on
committees. See, e.g., Greg Gordon, Farm Program Criticized for Self-Policing
Policy , Star Trib., June 29, 1995, at B1 (citing Environmental Work Group, Fox
in the Henhouse Report (1995) which criticizes the process permitting subsidized
farmers' determination of enforcement and eligibility ruling as leaving federal
programs "vulnerable to cronyism and corruption"). Between 1985 and 1994, about
13,000 state and county employees earned salaries from the Agriculture
Department and received $ 1.1 billion in farm subsidies.




n212  See, e.g., National Broiler Mktg. Ass' v. United States, 436 U.S. 816
(1978). In attracting consolidation efforts, the vertical integration of farm
markets is expedited. See id. One area providing an excellent example is the
poultry industry and disappearance of smaller farm poultry operations. See id.
Even outside the NAFTA framework, however, new alternatives in how land is used
and regulated are required. See, e.g., Nollan v. California Coastal Comm'n, 483
U.S. 825, 864 (Blackmun, J., dissenting) (1987) ("the land use problems this
country faces requires creative solutions").




n213  NAFTA is projected to boost U.S. total agricultural exports by an expected
2 to 2/ billion dollars. NAFTA White House Briefing, Moderator, Doris Matsui,
Fed. News Serv., July 27, 1993. Operators of smaller agricultural interests
located near the border region will find competition with agribusiness in both
countries. See Jennifer Dixon, Texas Farms Head South, NAFTA Expected to
Accelerate Drain of Jobs to Mexico, S.F. Examiner, Oct. 5, 1992, at D1.
Companies are drawn by wage differentials and environmental differences in
Mexico. See , e.g., U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/T-RCED-93-9, Pesticides,
U.S. and Mexican Fruit and Vegetable Pesticide Programs Differ (1993). An
expressed consideration is the impact of industrialization on small corn farmers
in Mexico. See, e.g., Anthony DePalma, Mexicans Fear For Corn, Imperiled By Free
Trade, N.Y. Times, July 12, 1993, at A3; June Nash, The Challenge of Trade
Liberalization To Cultural Survival On The Southern Frontier of Mexico, 1 Ind.
J.  Global Legal Stud. 367 (1994). Corn production, the main dietary staple of
Mexico has deep cultural and historical importance for the country, but its
production is perceived as inefficient and is traditionally protected by
tariffs. In contrast to the highly sophisticated corn industry in the United
States, Mexican farmers will be unable to compete. See, e.g., Fed. Doc. Clearing
House Cong. Testimony, Karen Lehman, The Institute For Agriculture and Trade
Policy House Government Operations, Mexican Agriculture Policies, Oct. 28, 1993.
Small and/or moderate sized farming operators on the Mexican side of the border,
for example, will also experience competition from rising interest rates and
NAFTA's farm policies. See, e.g., Fed. Doc. Clearing House Cong. Testimony,
Collin C. Peterson, Chairman, House Government Operations Mexican Agriculture
Policies, Oct. 28, 1993. Predictors reveal the probable displacement of a large
number of subsistence farmers, some of whom will find work with labor-intensive
commodities for export. See, e.g., Maggie Rivas, Mexico Growers Brace For
Change, Dallas Morning News, May 26, 1991, at H1 (citing study finding
two-thirds of all arable land in Mexico is held in plots of less than twelve
acres, much of which is used to grow corn, rice or beans for the family's
subsistence). On January 1, 1994, the day NAFTA entered into force, the
Zapatista National Liberation Army revolted against the Mexican government and
its policies directed towards the privatization of small communal farms and
alleged human rights violations. See, e.g., Alejandro Sobarzo, NAFTA and Human
Rights in Mexico, 27 U.C. Davis L. Rev. 865 (1994); Kevin R. Johnson, Free Trade
and Closed Borders: NAFTA and Mexican Immigration to the United States, 27 U.C.
Davis L. Rev. 937 (1994). Although the uprising allegedly "shocked" the United
States, many human rights activists had long warned officials as to the
violations occurring in the region. See, e.g., Linda Diebel, Revolution Just
Beginning, Toronto Star, Jan. 9, 1994, at A1 (estimated 6,000 Oaxaca Indians
arrested and/or jailed for protesting repression and privatization of land).




n214  Professor Fred Morrison explains the process of vertical integration as
one "in which individual farms would disappear or become mere operating units of
large, integrated agribusinesses, which owned the means of production and
controlled agriculture from the planting of the seed to the marketing of the
processed product." Fred L. Morrison, State Corporate Farm Legislation, 7 U.
Tol. L. Rev. 992-97 (1976).




n215  See, e.g., Charles Lunan, NAFTA Could Cost 100,000 Farm Jobs, Debate
Centers On Whether Jobs Should Be Saved, Sun Sentinel, Oct. 31, 1993, at H1.




n216  See, e.g., Hightower, supra note 200, at 3; Joseph N. Belden, Dirt Rich,
Dirt Poor: America's Food and Farm Crisis (1986). Many economists adopt the
belief that the less efficient and smaller farm units must disappear before
farmers can expect financial improvement." Irving Kovarsky, Congress and Migrant
Labor, 9 St. Louis U. L.J. 293, 348 (1965). Other industries have followed this
parallel construction. See, e.g. , Frederick Clairmonte & John Cavanagh, The
World in Their Web: Dynamics of Textile Multinationals (1981) (analysis of
policies and strategies enabling a handful of monopolies to dominate the textile
industry); David Montgomery, Workers Control in America (1979) (impact of
industrialization irreconcilable with New Deal legislation written to stabilize
labor).




n217  See, e.g., Charles E. Little, Has the Land Ethic Failed in America? An
Essay on the Legacy of Aldo Leopold, 1986 U. Ill. L. Rev. 313 (1986). One aspect
of this is the fragmented implementation of regulations specific to pesticide
usage implicit within the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) and
differences in the regulatory framework of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide,
and Rodenticide Act (FIFRA). Characterized as the Delaney Dilemma, "pesticides
that have been found to cause cancer may be used on some foods but not on
others, and the benefits of using pesticides, such as increased crop yields, may
be considered in some, but not all, regulatory decisions." See, e.g., U.S. Gen.
Accounting Office, Pesticides: Options To Achieve A Single Regulatory Standard
(1994).




n218  See generally Alan R. Jenkins, Comment, NAFTA: Is the Environmental Cost
of Free Trade Too High? 19 N.C. J. Int'l L. & Com. Reg. 143 (1993); James E.
Bailey, Free Trade and the Environment-Can NAFTA Reconcile the Irreconcilable? 8
Am. U.J. Int'l L. & Pol'y 839 (1993); Richard B. Stewart, The NAFTA: Trade,
Competition, Environmental Protection, 27 Int'l Law 751 (1993); Peter L. Lallas,
NAFTA and Evolving Approaches to Identify and Address "Indirect" Environmental
Impacts of International Trade, 5 Geo. Int'l Envtl. L. Rev. 519 (1993); Robert
Housman & Durwood Zaelke, Trade, Environment, and Sustainable Development: A
Primer, 15 Hastings Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 535 (1992); Michael Scott Feeley &
Elizabeth Knier, Environmental Considerations of the Emerging United
States-Mexico Free Trade Agreement , 2 Duke J. Comp. & Int'l L. 259 (1992);
James A. Funt, The North American Free Trade Agreement and the Integrated
Environmental Border Plan: Feasible Solutions to U.S.-Mexico Border Pollution?
12 Temp. Envtl. L & Tech. J. 77 (1993).




n219  Concern over the environment encompasses a "rich mixture of ethics,
economics, and public interest issues-all related to a common goal of ensuring
protection of human health and the environment from harmful effects of
pollution." William M. Tabb & Linda A. Malone, Environmental Law: Cases and
Materials (1992). Federal legislation, promulgated to control the environment,
has increased. See, e.g., National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, 42 U.S.C.
4321 (1988) (federal agencies required to consider environmental values in
planning and decisionmaking process as well as to engage public opinion on
proposed projects); Clean Air Act of 1970, 42 U.S.C. 7401-7671 (amended in 1970
& 1990) (1988 & Supp. 1990) (establishes national standards seeking to control
air pollution); Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, 33 U.S.C. 1251-1387
(1988) (transferred primary state authority for water quality to federal
government in seeking national standards); Toxic Substances Control Act, 15
U.S.C. 2601 (1988) (labels and tests chemical substances); Federal Insecticide,
Fungicide & Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. 136-136y (1988) (registration of
agricultural pesticides); the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, 42
U.S.C. 6901 (1988); Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901-6987, 9001-9010 (1988) (identifies and tracks
hazardous waste from its creation to its ultimately disposal). On the state
level, various laws, while limited in their remedial scope, also seek to control
environmental harm. See, e.g., Richard Lazarus, Pursuing "Environmental
Justice": The Distributional Effects of Environmental Protection, 87 Nw. U.L.
Rev. 787 (1992). But see N. William Hines, The Land Ethic and American
Agriculture, 27 Loy. L.A. L. Rev. 841 (1994) (sound agricultural practices and
responsible stewardship of natural resources have always been the norm).




n220  See, e.g., Pesticides, U.S. and Mexican Fruit and Vegetable Pesticide
Programs Differ , supra note 213; U.S. Gen. Accounting Office, GAO/RCED-94-57,
Pesticides, Options To Achieve A Single Regulatory Standard (1994).




n221  Farmland preservation scholarship seeks to abate the loss of agricultural
farmland. Its literature is vast partly because the perception that protecting
existing cropland is beneficial and is deemed a legitimate enterprise. See
generally Teri E. Popp, A Survey of Governmental Response to the Farmland
Crisis: States' Application of Agricultural Zoning, 11 U. Ark. Little Rock L.J.
515 (1988-89); Myrl L. Duncan, Agriculture as a Resource: Statewide Land Use
Programs for the Preservation of Farmland, 14 Ecology L.Q. 401 (1987);
Jacqueline P. Hand, Right-to-Farm Laws: Breaking New Ground in the Preservation
of Farmland, 45 U. Pitt. L. Rev. 289 (1984) (defenses against nuisance actions
resulting from urbanization); Bernard H. Siegan, Conserving and Developing the
Land, 27 S.D. L. Rev. 279 (1990); Julian Conrad Juergensmeyer, Farmland
Preservation: A Vital Agricultural Law Issue for the 1980's, 21 Washburn L.J.
443 (1982; Note, Taxation Affecting Agricultural Land Use, 50 Iowa L. Rev. 600
(1965). Development rights permit the governmental purchase of easements for the
development of the property. See Sandra A. Hoffmann, Farmland and Open Space
Preservation in Michigan: An Empirical Analysis, 19 U. Mich. J.L. Ref. 1107
(1986); Sam Sheronick, Note, The Accretion of Cement and Steel Onto Prime Iowa
Farmland: A Proposal for a Comprehensive State Agricultural Zoning Plan, 76 Iowa
L. Rev. 583 (1991); Clifford L. Weaver & Richard F. Babcock, City Zoning, The
Once and Future Frontier (1979); Anita P. Miller et al., Report of the
Subcommittee on Innovative Growth Management Measures: Preservation of
Agricultural Land and Open Space, 21 Urb. Law 821 (1991); Anne E. Mudge, Impact
Fees for Conversion of Agricultural Land: A Resource Based Development Policy
for California's Cities and Counties, 19 Ecology L.Q. 63 (1992); K. Layne
Morrill, Politics, Purpose, and Principle in Taxation of Agricultural Property,
30 Ariz. Att'y 14 (1994). The efforts of the American Farmland Trust, a private,
nonprofit, conservation organization dedicated to preserving agricultural land,
is also well-documented. See, e.g., American Farmland Trust, Does Farmland
Protection Pay? The Cost of Community Services in Three Massachusetts Towns
(1992). Right-to-farm statutes provide a measure of defense for agricultural
operations against nuisance lawsuits. See, e.g., Ala. Code 6-5-127 (Supp. 1994);
N.D. Cent. Code 42-04-02 (Supp. 1993); Gerald Torres, Helping Farmers and Saving
Farmland, 37 Okla. L. Rev.  31 (1984). For a criticism and analysis of the
alleged failure of the Arizona statute to protect farmers from public nuisance
actions, see Comment, The Arizona Agricultural Nuisance Act, 1982 Ariz. St. L.J.
689 (1982).




n222  See, e.g., Farm Finance: Number of New Farmers is Declining, supra note
207, at 2.




n223  This trend is ongoing. See U.S. Bureau of the Census, 1992 Agricultural
Census (1995). Encroaching urban land use results in nuisance lawsuits by
residents against farmers. Complaints center on incidents attendant to farming
operations such as odors, flies, animal control problems, noise, dust, and
chemical spraying. Other residents lobby for local ordinances that would
restrict farming operations. In response, states passed "right-to-farm" laws.
Right-to-farm laws codify the "coming to the nuisance defense" that protected
agricultural operations in place before residential development. See Laux v.
Chopin Land Assoc., 550 N.E.2d 100 (Ind. Ct. App. 1990) (odor generated by hog
raising operation was basis of the nuisance complaint); Woods v. Khan, 420 N.E.
2d 1028 (Ill. App. Ct. 1981) (odors and insect problems from poultry business
were sufficiently bothersome to justify injunctive relief unless steps taken to
eliminate accumulation of manure upheld); Arbor Theatre Corp. v. Campbell Soup
Co., 296 N.E. 2d 11 (Ill. App. Ct. 1973) (court determined manure composting
operation on mushroom farm in rural area, which began in 1947, was not a
nuisance to outdoor theater, which was started in 1961 with knowledge of odors);
Shatto v. McNulty, 509 N.E.2d 897 (Ind. Ct. App. 1987) (hog operation is not a
common law nuisance).




n224  Tabb & Malone, supra note 219.




n225  This also includes the replacement of agricultural operations. Whether by
intention or by design, the agricultural area of El Paso County has escaped
scrutiny.  See, e.g., Farms For The Future Act of 1990, 7 U.S.C. 4201 (Supp.
1990) (focusing on Vermont farming community).




n226

   By the year 2000, most if not all of the nation's 540 million acre cropland
base is likely to be in cultivation ...

    The United States has been converting agricultural land to non-agricultural
uses at the rate of about three million acres per year-of which about one
million acres is from the cropland base. This land has been paved over, built
on, or permanently flooded, i.e., converted to nonagricultural uses. For
practical purposes, the loss of this resource to U.S. agriculture is
irreversible ...

    The cumulative loss of cropland, in conjunction with other stresses on the
U.S. agricultural system such as the growing demand for exports and rising
energy costs, could seriously increase the economic and environmental costs of
producing food and fiber in the United States during the next 20 years.

   Id. at v-vi. U.S. Dep't. Agric., National Agricultural Lands Study, Final
Report (1981) [hereinafter NALS].




n227  Corwin W. Johnson & Valerie M. Fogleman, The Farmland Protection Policy
Act: Stillbirth of a Policy? 1986 U. Ill. L. Rev. 563 (1986); Vivian Quinn,
Preserving Farmland with Conservation Easements: Public Benefit or Burden?,
1992/1993 Ann. Surv. Am. L. 235 (1994).




n228  See John Fraser Hart, The Land That Feeds Us 376 (1991).




n229  Carey McWilliams, Factories in the Field, The Story of Migratory Farm
Labor in California (1971).




n230  7 U.S.C 4201-4209 (1988).




n231  Johnson & Fogleman, supra note 227, at 566-67.




n232  See, e.g., Tabb & Malone, supra note 219, at 825-52.




n233  Examples include, inter alia, differential assessments, tax credits, and
special assessments. Challenges, based on the uniformity clause in state
constitutions, caused some states to pass constitutional amendments permitting
differential assessment programs. Other challenges have been brought on equal
protection grounds. See, e.g. , Hoffman v. Clark, 372 N.E.2d 74 (Ill. 1977).




n234  Five primary zoning practices are used in the agricultural sector:
exclusive or nonexclusive; conditional use zones; large-lot zoning; fixed
area-based allocation zones; and sliding-scale area-based allocations. See,
e.g., Boundary Drive Assoc. v. Shrewsbury Township, 491 A.2d 86 (Pa. 1985)
(sliding scale zoning scheme); Thomas G. Buchanan, Zoning and
Planning-Innovative Zoning for the Presentation of Agricultural Land-Boundary
Drive Associates v. Shrewsbury Township Board of Supervisors, 59 Temp. L.Q. 861
(1986); Popp, supra note 221; Sheronick supra note 221; Neil Hamilton, Freedom
to Farm: Understanding the Agricultural Exemption to County Zoning in Iowa, 31
Drake L. Rev. 565 (1982).




n235  In the United States over 800 land trusts are reported to exist. Quinn,
supra note 227.




n236  Anti-corporate farm legislation is promulgated to preserve the existing
family farm system. This form of legislation protects against vertical
integration. Vertical integration absorbs smaller farm operations into larger
integrated agribusiness. For examples of anti-corporate farm legislation, see
Minn. Stat. Ann. 500.24 (1995); N.D. Cent. Code Ann. 10-06-01 to -06 (1993); see
also Brian F. Stayton, A Legislative Experiment in Rural Culture: The
Anti-Corporate Farming Statutes, 59 UMKC L. Rev. 679 (1991); State ex rel
Webster v. Lehndorff Geneva Inc., 744 S.W.2d 801 (Mo. 1988) (upholding
constitutionality of anti-corporate farm legislation). The loss of small poultry
farmers to agribusiness is an example of the harm anti-corporate legislation
targets. See, e.g., National Broiler Mktg. Ass'n v. United States, 436 U.S. 816
(1978) (White, J., dissenting) ("The market for broilers is oligopsonistic,
dominated by large retail chains such as A & P, Kroger and Safeway and
institutional food outlets such as Kentucky Fried Chicken.") (citation omitted).




n237  See, e.g., Twain Harte Assoc. v. County of Tuolumne, 265 Cal. Rptr. 737,
742 (Ct. App. 1990).




n238  See, e.g., Neil D. Hamilton, Legal Authority for Federal Acquisition of
Conservation Easements to Provide Agricultural Credit Relief, 35 Drake L. Rev.
477 (1985-1986); Quinn, supra note 227, at 235.




n239  Linda A. Malone, The Future of Transferable Development Rights in the
Supreme Court, 73 Ky. L.J. 759 (1985); Craig E. Peterson & Claire McCarthy,
Farmland Preservation by Purchase of Development Rights: The Long Island
Experiment, 26 DePaul L. Rev. 447 (1977).




n240  Duncan, supra note 221.




n241  See, e.g., Board of Educ. v. Board of Revision of Lake County, 386 N.E.2d
1113 (Ohio 1979).




n242  For a review of the status of right-to-farm laws of each state, see Neil
D. Hamilton & David Bolte, Nuisance Law and Livestock Production in the United
States: A Fifty State Analysis, 10 J. Agric. Tax'n & L. 99 (1988); see also
Margaret Rosso Grossman & Thomas G. Fischer, Protecting the Right to Farm:
Statutory Limits on Nuisance Actions Against the Farmer, 1983 Wis. L. Rev. 95
(1983); Hand, supra note 221; Randall Wayne Hanna, Comment, "Right to Farm"
Statutes-The Newest Tool in Agricultural Land Preservation, 10 Fla. St. U. L.
Rev. 415 (1982); Laux v. Chopin Land Assoc., 550 N.E.2d 100 (Ind. Ct. App.
1990); Shatto v. McNulty, 509 N.E.2d 897 (Ind. Ct. App. 1987).




n243  See, e.g., Keith G. Meyer et al., Agricultural Law, Cases and Materials
984 (1985). Texas has promulgated farmland preservation measures. Tex. Agric.
Code tit. 8 251.001 (1993) (Protection and Preservation of Agricultural
Operations, Effect of Nuisance Actions and Government Requirements on
Preexisting Agricultural Operations). The statute, however, suffers from similar
deficiencies as provided under federal statutory norms. Finally, the decline of
federal support hinders reviving rural economies. See, e.g., U.S. Gen.
Accounting Office, GAO/HRD-91-14, Distressed Communities were Postponed in Texas
as Local Economies Weakened (1991).




n244  See, e.g., Farmland Protection Policy, 7 U.S.C. 4201 (1990) (for emphasis
on Vermont, see 7 C.F.R. 1980.918 (1995); 7 C.F.R. 1941.15 (1995) (beginning
farmer or rancher loan assistance)).




n245  National Broiler Mktg. Ass'n v. United States, 436 U.S. 816, 843 (1978)
(White, J., dissenting) ("The market for broilers is oligopsonistic, dominated
by large retail chains such A&P, Kroger, and Safeway and institutional food
outlets such as Kentucky Fried Chicken.").




n246  Hightower, supra note 200, at 3 (criticizing consolidation of small or
moderate-sized farm holdings into larger units and accompanying myth that
"bigger is better").




n247  Functional definitions as to what constitutes farming are subject to
debate. See, e.g., National Broiler Mktg. Ass'n v. United States, 436 U.S. 816
(1978) (producer of broiler chickens precluded from qualifying as a "farmer"
within meaning of Capper Volstead Act when it employs an independent contractor
to tend the chickens during "grow-out" phase); Farmegg Products v. Humboldt
County, 190 N.W.2d 454 (Iowa 1971); Farmers Reservoir & Irrigation Co. v.
McComb, 337 U.S. 755, 762-63 (1949) (agriculture placed into "primary" and
"secondary" categories). The value of Chicanos and Chicanas, as operators of the
farming enterprise, shows that they engage in low input farming methods, as well
as in introducing alternative sustainable forms of agriculture. See generally
Pena & Rivera, supra note 15; Devon Pena, Agroecology of a Chicano Family Farm
(1977) (publication forthcoming).




n248  See, e.g., Itzchak E. Kornfeld, Conserving Natural Resources and Open
Spaces: A Primer on Individual Giving Options, 23 Envtl. L. 185 (1993). Land
trusts have been in existence since the mid-1800s. Id. at 202.




n249  A host of federal regulations are directly linked to agricultural policy
and thus serve as precedent. See Meyer et al., supra note 243. The evidence
connecting law and agricultural policy is found in an extensive array of farm
aid programs and institutional support. See Chen, supra note 69 (identifying the
U.S. Constitution as first agrarian legislation benefitting farmers). But see
Donald E. Voth, A Brief History and Assessment of Federal Rural Development
Programs and Policies, 25 U. Mem. L. Rev. 1265, 1266 (1995) (rural policy and
legislation dating back to the establishment of land grant colleges in 1862).
The role of agricultural programs established to assist the industry while
simultaneously excluding field workers, emphasizes this point. Program funds,
moreover, could derive from the proceeds of United States property sold in
foreign countries.




n250  While efforts to improve the terms and working conditions of field workers
is a recognized goal, the full purview of the issue remains outside the scope of
this Article. Yet during the negotiation of international agreements, as called
for in this Article, increasing the diversity of the rural sector calls for, at
a minimum, balanced contemplation and appraisal that reaches outside the labor
arena for the field population. Potential financing from other federal programs
could be accessed to assist field workers in the establishment of land trusts:
for example, re-directing federal financing presently directed to land grant
colleges. See California Agrarian Action Project v. Regents of the University of
Calif., 258 Cal. Rptr. 769 (1989) (codifying the parties' contentions).




n251  The immediate purpose of this proposal is to include agricultural workers
within the framework of international agreements. The precise contours are
beyond the scope of this Article and remain the subject of further study. In the
short form, however, this proposal seeks to counter the ever expansive legal
treatment and or representation on agricultural workers, is consistent with the
stated goals of global restructuring, recognizes that economic benefits come
about as a result of federal legislation, and places field workers in the
forefront of efforts to increase their equal treatment.




n252  Several legislative statutes exist to restrict corporate forms of
ownership. The stated goal is to protect smaller, independent farming
operations. See, e.g., Minn. Stat. Ann. 500.24 (West 1995). Other legislative
action to protect farmland can be found in Kansas, Michigan, Missouri, Iowa,
Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma and South Dakota. See Keith G. Meyer,
Agricultural Law, 44 n.* (1995). See also Fred L. Morrison, State Corporate Farm
Legislation, 7 U. Tol. L. Rev. 961 (1976). The Minnesota statute, by way of
example, provides as its basic purpose the following: The legislature finds that
it is in the interests of the state to encourage and protect the family farm as
a basic economic unit, to insure it as the most socially desirable mode of
agricultural production, and to enhance and promote the stability and well-being
of rural society in Minnesota and the nuclear family.  Minn. Stat. Ann. 500.24,
subdiv. 1 (West 1995).




n253  Legal efforts to achieve equality continue to the present time, but even
those who have encouraged participatory and democratic ideals, not unlike
affirmative action, have had limited application. Current law imposes difficult
intent requirements for a plaintiff seeking to sustain burden of proof standards
in a discrimination cases. Recent attacks targeting affirmative action have had
similar debilitating effects on legal struggles to achieve equality. See, e.g.,
Adarand Constr., Inc. v. Pena, 115 S. Ct. 2097 (1995). Within the agricultural
marketplace, the federal regulatory system ensures the granting of governmental
benefits to a select few while failing to measure the distributional impact on
those holding a marginal status within the dominant culture.




n254  Field workers residing outside of the City of El Paso's jurisdictional
boundaries, in colonias, are disenfranchised and, thus, lack a political voice.
See, e.g., United States v. Carolene Prods. Co., 304 U.S. 144, 152 n.4 (1938).


                               10 of 12 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2012

Iowa FSA offers SDA and beginning farmer and rancher loans

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 355  words


State Executive Director for USDA's Iowa Farm Service Agency John R. Whitaker
reminds interested applicants that loan programs are available to assist
eligible socially disadvantaged farmers (minority and beginning farmers and
ranchers) to buy and/or operate family-size farms and ranches.

"The work our Iowa FSA county offices do to support socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers is evident by the high level of minority and new farmer
participation," said Whitaker. "In 2011, 75 percent of all FSA farm loans in
Iowa were made to socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. Our experienced
loan officers find resources and provide individualized planning to serve the
needs of under-represented groups in the agricultural community."

FSA offers two different loan types, direct and guaranteed. Farm ownership or
farm operating loans may be obtained directly from FSA for up to $300,000.
Guaranteed loans, loans made by a commercial lender where FSA acts as a
guarantor, can reach a maximum indebtedness of

$1,214,000.

Operating loans may be used for various short and intermediate type credit
needs, such as the purchase of livestock, equipment and annual operating
expenses. Farm ownership loans may be used for the purchase and/or improvement
of farm or ranch real estate and buildings associated with these properties.

Individuals, partnerships, joint operations, corporations, limited liability
companies and cooperatives primarily and directly engaged in family-sized
farming operations are eligible to apply. Repayment terms for direct operating
loans depend on the collateral securing the loan and have a term of one to seven
years. Repayment terms on direct farm ownership loans are up to 40 years.
Guaranteed loan terms (those loans made through commercial lenders, i.e. banks)
are set by the lender.

Applications for all FSA direct loan programs are made through the local FSA
office. Guaranteed loan applications are processed by the participating lender.

For more information on farm loans or other programs administered by FSA, people
may visit their local Farm Service Agency office or go online to www.fsa.
usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Northwood Anchor


                               11 of 12 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 17, 2012

FSA promoting new farmer, rancher loans

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 125  words


ALBUQUERQUE - The USDA Farm Service Agency recently unveiled a new Land Contract
Guarantee Program and several other tools designed to help beginning farmers and
ranchers build the foundation for a successful career in agriculture.

The national program offers two options, one that guarantees up to three annual
installment payments on the contract and one that guarantees 90% of the unpaid
principal of the contract.

Guarantees can be used in the purchase of land for up to $500,000.

Under new rules, FSA loan officers are allowed to consider all prior farming
experience, including on-the-job training and formal education.

For more information about these and other USDA programs, you can always call or
visit the nearest USDA Farm Service Agency office.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 Clovis Livestock Market News


                               12 of 12 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 3, 2014

RECAP USDA Update

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 1063  words


Friday, March 15th is the deadline to purchase a 2013 NAP (Non Insurable Crop
Assistance Program) policy through FSA spring planted non-insurable crops, such
as feed crops and common millet.

Beginning March 11th through Monday, April 8th there are certain FSA application
programs that will not be available to the FSA employees. This is due to the
MIDAS (Modernize and Innovate the Delivery of Agricultural Systems) Release.

To be eligible for 2011 SURE producers must have suffered at least a 10 percent
production loss affecting one crop of economic significance due to a disaster on
a farm in a disaster county.

Signup for the 2013 Direct and Counter Cyclical Program (DCP) began February
19th. The office is currently working on the contracts. However, remember
payments (if issued) will not be issued until October 2013.

The 2012 American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 provided for the continuation of
the Direct and Counter-Cyclical Program for 2013. Signup for the program is to
begin Tuesday, February 19th.

Kiowa County has received authorization for Emergency grazing of eligible CRP
acres. Before producers get too excited, there are some restrictions that may
make the thought of grazing CRP, at this time of year, NOT a profitable idea.

Producers need to be aware when purchasing land and titling the ownership into a
different entity other than themselves as individuals or common entities, such
as corporations or LLC's, not all entities may be considered eligible for FSA
payments.

Nadene Gaynor celebrated 30 years of service to FSA this past Monday, January
28th. She has experienced a lot of changes at FSA from the first computer, to
numerous agency name changes, to a new office.

NRCS has announced the next cut-off date for taking new applications for the
second round of funding in 2013 for the EQIP program.

The next cut-off date for applications is February 15th.

As we are all aware, the high winds on Friday, January 11th caused extensive
damage to the fragile winter wheat crop, and stubble acres. The Service Center
is aware many producers are chiseling at the present time.

AgrAbility workshops in Holyoke, Fort Morgan and Aurora are currently being
advertised. What is Agrability? It's for farmers and ranchers and their family
members who want to start or continue farming/ranching in spite of physical
challenges.

Kiowa County was among one of the 30 counties in Colorado that received a
Disaster Designation due to the persistent drought. Kiowa County has been in a
D4-exceptional drought status on the U.S. Drought Monitor since July of last
year.

The soap opera type drama of the dreaded 'fiscal cliff' in association with the
Farm Bill seems to be on-going.

It is a requirement for the majority of the programs that FSA administers that
producers must supply the FSA office with an accurate and timely report of
acreage for each farm.

The FSA and NRCS have had a few producers question requirements for seismograph
crews going across CRP fields. There are no restrictions for seismograph crews,
if there is no damage incurred on the CRP cover.

Producers with eligible farms have until August 1, 2013 to enroll into the 2013
Direct and Counter Cyclical Program. This year will be the last year for the
program due to the extension of the farm bill.

Beginning Farmer and Rancher loans are available through the Farm Loan Office
for FSA. For Kiowa

County the office is located in Lamar.

Jeff Salisbury currently serves on the COC for this area. He is eligible to
serve another three year term. Additional nominees are always welcome. Nominees
must be eligible voters in LAA #3.

The FSA Office continues to experience problems with the new MIDAS operating
system. We currently can't complete any farm reconstitutions. Continue to be
patient with us.

FSA received word this week that the CRP soil rental rates have been reduced
from an average of $35.00 to $28.00. This is extremely disturbing news, as with
current costs associated with farming the lowered rental rate does not make the
CRP program a competitive alternative for producers to enroll land into the
program.

FSA received some good news this morning. The sequestration 'hold' on payments
has been lifted and FSA offices can begin paying producers that have approved
2011 SURE applications and also 2012 NAP losses.

When producers visit the office for DCP signup if they have had any of their
2013 planted wheat acres released by crop insurance those acres can be reported
as failed wheat acres the FSA-578 'report of commodities'.

For producers that will be planting a subsequent crop on failed wheat acres for
2013. It's important to realize that the majority of the time, the subsequent
crop will not be eligible for crop insurance or a NAP (Noninsured Crop
Assistance Program).

B.J. Jones has accepted a new position with NRCS. His last day in Eads will be
this Friday. We all wish B.J. nothing but the best in his adventures.

Seems that SE Colorado cannot catch any moisture, but we seem to always hold on
to the wind. It has been a devastating last couple of weeks with the high,
damaging winds.

FSA county offices nationwide are utilizing GovDelivery to distribute electronic
newsletters and reminders to producers.

The Farm Storage Facility Loan (FSFL) allows producers of eligible commodities
to obtain low-interest financing to build or upgrade farm storage and handling
facilities.

Producers who are currently grazing CRP acres under the Emergency designation
are reminded all cattle must be removed by September 30, 2013.

FSA loans to rural youth to establish and operate income-producing projects in
connection with 4-H clubs, FFA and other agricultural groups.

Compliance spot checks will be conducted on 2013 crops. Instead of locally
selecting farms a nationwide selection process is conducted by FSA.

The Colorado Drought Task Force, will be holding a 'drought impacts tour' in the
Arkansas River Basin.

Because of the widespread disasters and the effect on livestock producers, FSA
has implemented Emergency Loans for grazing losses.

It has to be one of the worst years on record for Kiowa County, with virtually
no wheat being harvested.

The FSA and NRCS employees were involved in the Pedal the Plains festivities
over the weekend.

The USDA Service Center was affected by the Government shut-down on October 1st
and the employees were furloughed for 16 days. The Service Center re-opened on
October 17th.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Kiowa County Press
