
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                             March 5, 1991 Tuesday

BYLINE: AAP

LENGTH: 397 words


Gloom continues as business inve stment and commodity prices plunge THE bad
economic news continued yesterday with the release of figures showing big falls
in business investment and prices for Australian commodities.

Lending for things like cars, boats and holidays has also fallen dramatically -
to the lowest level in three years.

In contrast, building approvals were up a seasonally adjusted 11.4 per cent in
January but the industry warned against reading too much into the figures.

Bureau of Statistics figures for the December quarter showed new private capital
spending was down 11 per cent (seasonally adjusted) on the previous three
months.

Businesses also downgraded their expected investment in 1990-91 by 4 per cent -
from $28.643 billion to $27.499 billion.

Between the September and December quarters last year, spending on buildings and
structures fell from $1.92 billion to $1.728 billion and spending on equipment,
plant and machinery was down from $3.697 billion to $3.293 billion.

The falling investment trend is further sobering news for the job market after
job vacancy figures released at the weekend pointed to a continuing fall in job
availability.

Rural industries also continue to be hit hard.

The Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics rural commodity
index for February was down 18 per cent on the previous month.

This was due mainly to a 38 per cent fall in wool prices.

The overall commodity index was down 9 per cent, flattened by a 24 per cent fall
in oil prices and a 6 per cent drop in gold prices, but helped by small
increases for wheat, cotton, uranium and nickel.

The rural index is now 35 per cent lower than a year ago and the total index 15
per cent lower.

Personal finance lending for December, at $1.416 billion, was 17.2 per cent
lower than November and at their lowest monthly level since January, 1988.

Loans for new cars were down nearly $30 million and boats, caravans and trailers
were down $3 million as were travel and holiday loans.

Building approvals remained volatile, jumping a seasonally adjusted 11.4 per
cent in January after a large fall in December.

The Housing Industry Association national director, Dr Ron Silberberg, said the
figures were encouraging but warned home buyer confidence was fragile and
vulnerable to economic developments.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 31, 2014 Friday

Government for skill development of all BPL families

BYLINE: Aditya Vaibhav

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 417 words


PATNA: Inspired by the success of the first edition of Bihar Innovation Forum
(BIF) meet in 2007, Bihar Rural Livelihood Promotion Society 'JEEViKA' has
organized the two-day second edition of the BIF that commenced here on Thursday.
Agriculture, livestock, financial inclusion, rural energy, information and
communication technology solutions, skill development, non-farm sectors, access
to entitlements and services were selected as the priority of BIF-2.

Rural development department's principal secretary Amrit Lal Meena, while
reiterating CM Nitish Kumar's stress on improving the financial status of those
below poverty line (BPL), said the state government intended to cover all the
willing families for skill development in a time frame of 4 to 5 years. With a
view to reducing the number of BPL families, Meena announced that the state
government would ensure proper business investment for such families so that
they could earn at least Rs1 lakh annually.

Principal secretary, planning and development cum secretary, State Innovation
Council, Vijoy Prakash asserted that creativity and innovations were essential
for the state to maintain the high growth rate it achieved. He said every
innovative idea was unique and the council must ensure commercialization of
those ideas.

While admitting that his department was generally accused of being 'pro-rich',
principal secretary, department of industries, Navin Verma said JEEViKA is a
'pro-poor' society working for improving the financial status of such families.
Incubation centres and proper marketing for the products of the innovators
should be the focus areas of the BIF, he asserted.

Extending the cooperation of his department to the innovation driven concepts of
JEEViKA, Verma said the department, through its 'Udyog Mitras', would help the
innovators to patent their worthy ideas.

Talking to TOI, lead rural development specialist of the World Bank, Parmesh
Shah, said the bank had already invested over $170 million in the state in the
last six years and also claimed that JEEViKA was doing a wonderful job for the
'nano-entrepreneurs' living across over 5,000 villages of the state. Shah,
speaking on behalf of his bank, pledged 'full' support in the financing,
incubation and mentoring of such endeavours.

Development commissioner Alok Kumar Sinha said the BIF should act as the nursery
for the innovators and should ensure the dissemination of their innovations on
the basis of their likely social impact.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Financial Post

                    October 21, 1997 Tuesday DAILY EDITIONS

FUNDS TO GROW ON: Small businesses and entrepreneurs often have difficulty
rounding up the cash needed to get their ideas to market. Across the country,
groups are forming to give these companies a boost

BYLINE: Johanna Powell, Special Reports Writer

SECTION: SECTION 1, SPECIAL REPORT: SMALL BUSINESS; Pg. S19

LENGTH: 832 words


Entrepreneurs and small companies are getting a financial boost from groups that
are springing up across Canada to support local business in innovative ways.

From Prince Edward Island to Nanaimo, B.C., these groups are bringing business,
government and venture capital 'angels' together to form pools of capital. They
then locate appropriate investment opportunities and help small and start-up
business ventures go after the money.

Kirk Falconer, senior program officer at the Ottawa-based Canadian Labour Market
and Productivity Centre, says there is no shortage of investment opportunities
in the form of worthy business ideas, even in some of the most remote parts of
the country.

The problem has been for entrepreneurs to find adequate funding. In many cases,
they aren't able to interest traditional financial institutions and investors.
It's particularly difficult outside the financial centres of Toronto, Montreal
and Vancouver.

Often, there is no shortage of capital at the local level, but it needs to be
pooled or leveraged in an organized way and matched with the investment.

By creating a local infrastructure, communities can make opportunities happen,
he says.

In a study to be released later this year, the CLMPC, an independent
organization made up of representatives from both business and labor, will
profile groups across the country that have found ways to supply small business
with investment capital. Eighteen local investment financing models in both
urban and rural communities are described.

The Specific Investment Opportunity Program at the Ottawa-Carleton Economic
Development Corp., one of the groups profiled, has attracted a lot of attention,
says Falconer, who helped write the report. The SIO program has arranged about $
20 million in new investment for specialized, knowledge-based or high-tech
companies.

The program is seen in the investing community as a groundbreaker for the way it
creates welcoming conditions for investors, Falconer says. This might include
ensuring that the company looking for money has an adequate business plan. Or it
might mean that mentors, who are often volunteers, will help with internal
preparations, such as honing the financial management skills of the company's
employees.

On the supply side, SIO won't pitch an investment to an investor who doesn't
know anything about high-tech.

Also attracting a lot of interest are several programs in Quebec, such as
Montreal-based Inno-centre, which helps new high-tech firms find funding.

Like the OCEDCO program, the Inno-centre puts a lot of work into planning,
training and mentoring to prepare companies for the investment process. A lot of
the preparation is done by committees that advise the companies, assist staff
and select investments.

Also like OCEDCO, Inno-centre does not provide the funding itself. Instead, it
plays match-maker between small businesses and equity financing.

In other cases, the group provides the funding, as in the case of the Crocus
Investment Fund, a Manitoba labor-sponsored investment fund. The Crocus Fund
raises money from the public and from institutional investors such as credit
unions - resources that were not traditionally tapped as funding pools.

Many of the businesses the Crocus Fundsupports are very small, but the fund is
estimated to have created or preserved about 3,000 jobs.

More financing programs are popping up based on these and similar models.

Even as the CLMPC study was being done, the Ontario government announced its new
Community Small Business Investment Funds program, designed to provide a local,
alternative source of patient capital for small businesses. The province also
wants the program to help create investment partnerships within communities.

'There is momentum around the idea of creating new pools and locating financing
at the local level,' Falconer says. 'Across the country, organizations are
coming up with ways to deliver these things better. ... This is an idea whose
time has come.'

Falconer says the study points to the importance of operating at a local level.
Relationships are personal, people are accessible and communication is possible.

'There is more direct monitoring of what's going on. The information flow is
easier.'

The advantages of operating at a local level are apparent even where the
investments are supported by large organizations. Supporters behind the
Inno-centre, for example, include Bell Canada and Hydro-Quebec. And Bank of
Montreal has taken an active role by training loan managers at its 12 innovation
and technology centres on how to deal with loan applications from
knowledge-based companies with few hard assets.

Possibly because they operate at a local level and are monitored closely, most
of the models looked at by the CLMPC have a low delinquency rate. Bank of
Montreal's Mississauga Innovation and Technology Centre, for instance, has
loaned $ 100 million to high-tech companies, all of which is being paid back on
schedule.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: FRIENDS IN NEED: Robert Allum, sitting, president of Tierra
Communications, shows his software to a potential investor at the April Ottawa
Venture Capital fair.

                       Copyright 1997 Financial Post Ltd.


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Oxfordshire

                                August 29, 2001

Village shops: What Charles had to say.

BYLINE: Katharine MacAlister (author email katharine.macalister@nqo.com)

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: Oxfordshire



Prince Charles has spoken out about the need to help regenerate country
communities. As president of Business in the Community, he has just unveiled the
organisation's Rural Action programme at St James's Palace, London.

He outlined four key areas in which business can make a difference to local
communities.

The first was to source and use local produce. "Imagine what a difference it
would make if every hotel, in-house canteen and supermarket tried to buy its
food from local producers," he said.

The second measure was to encourage businesses to help with the provision of
local services.

He said he wanted to make "the pub the hub" by encouraging landlords to take on
services previously provided by the Post Office and banks.

Reviving the fortunes of market towns was the third measure he outlined to
encourage inward business investment.

Finally he said he wanted to see financial support for community entrepreneurs
who provide leadership in their areas.

He said the economic issues facing rural people were not as immediately obvious
as those in inner city areas and had not received the same profile.

"In the countryside many of the problems are hidden from the eye of the casual
observer," he said.

"Those facing the hardest times are often living cheek-by-jowl with the
better-off.

"They may live among beautiful scenery, but this does not make their problems
any less real or urgent.

"Rural pubs have been closing at the rate of six a week, and the number of
smaller local and village shops is declining, with more than 40 per cent of
parishes having no permanent shop of any kind and 43 per cent have no post
office."

"The British countryside is only as beautiful as it is because it has been cared
for, and lived in, by these people with generations of experience and knowledge.

"The unique scenery, and the people who live among it, are one of the country's
most treasured national assets.

"They are also a crucial economic resource, with so much income coming from
tourism.

"It has never been more threatened than it is today and the opportunities for
business to make a real and lasting impact have never been greater."


LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2001 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            November 13, 2009 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Rural King Supply planning new store Farm equipment and supply retailer,
Collinsville official both call location in now-vacant building a good fit.

BYLINE: By Terry Hillig o thillig@post-dispatch.com > 618-624-2526

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: 0


collinsville - Rural King Supply, a fast-growing farm equipment and supply
retailer, plans to open a store in Collinsville next year, and company and city
officials say it's a good match for both.

The new store would be along Collinsville Road in a location vacant since a
Value City store closed nearly a year ago. It would be Mattoon, Ill.-based Rural
King's 46th store, and its second in the Metro East area. The company opened a
store in Waterloo in 2001 and expanded it last year to 90,000 square feet. (A
Rural King store in Highland is owned by a different company.)

Founded in 1960, Rural King Supply has stores in Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky,
Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee. The stores offer animal feed, farm and lawn
equipment, parts and supplies, work wear, other clothing, housewares and toys.

Rural King recently bought the 104,000-square-foot building at 9525 Collinsville
Road from Johnson Properties. The building also houses a Shop 'n Save
supermarket.

Through the years, the site had also been occupied by a USA discount store that
was destroyed by fire in the mid-1960s and a Kmart.

Rob Patterson, Rural King's vice president of operations, said the Shop 'n Save
store will stay and the Rural King store will occupy about 80,000 square feet.
He said renovation is expected to begin within the next few weeks, and company
officials hope to have the store open by about March 1.

Patterson said the store is expected to employ 35 to 40 people.

He said Rural King is considering other expansion options in the St. Louis area,
but he would not be more specific. The company's Illinois stores are in
Litchfield, Vandalia, Effingham, Carbondale, Murphysboro and Marion. It has a
website at www.ruralking.com.

"We are always looking for expansion," Patterson said. "We try to find the
locations that we feel would be a good fit for us."

Paul Mann, Collinsville's community development director, said Rural King is "a
perfect match for that location," with its proximity to interstates 55-70 and
Interstate 255. "We're happy to have them. It's a good outfit, a good sales
generator."

And, city officials hope, a retail presence that will stabilize the Collinsville
Road corridor and attract additional business investment.

"We believe it will serve as a catalyst for the corridor, which has seen more
prosperous days," Mann said. He said revitalization of the Collinsville Road
business district is one of the city's top priorities.

Mann said Rural King is seeking city permits that would allow new signage and
outdoor storage and display of merchandise.

Rural King occupies the same retail sector as Tractor Supply Co., the sector
leader, which has more than 850 locations nationwide, including stores in Union,
Mo.; Troy, Mo., and Alton. A Tractor Supply spokesman denied a report that the
company is planning to open a store in Belleville. No such decision has been
made, he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo by David Carson  o  dcarson@post-dispatch.com - Rural King
Supply will open a second Metro East store next year after renovating a former
Value City store on Collinsville Road. The Mattoon-based company has a smaller
store in Waterloo.  Map - Planned rural king supply

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 31, 2014

Making the Business Case for Rural America

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 630  words


These days, it seems like it's easier than ever to turn a good idea into
reality. This is the era of Kickstarter, where entrepreneurs can connect with
potential investors at the click of a button.

Of course, it takes more than money to grow an idea. It takes an atmosphere that
fosters creativity and rewards innovation. And at a deeper, less obvious level,
it requires strong, secure infrastructure--roads and bridges, but also internet
access and community facilities like hospitals and schools--that improves
connectivity and access to information, moves products to market, and makes
communities competitive and attractive to new businesses and investments.

Part of the challenge we face in rural America is that in too many places,
infrastructure is outdated and cannot support the same kinds of opportunities
that are easily found in cities and larger towns.

USDA itself has a strong record of supporting rural infrastructure upgrades. Our
Rural Development program has a loan portfolio of over $200 billion direct and
guaranteed loans. Yet, there continues to be significant unmet demand for
investment in rural America that exceeds our capacity.

We can't address this disparity alone, which is why this week, USDA, as part of
the White House Rural Council, hosted the first-ever Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. This conference brought together key people from the
investment community, rural areas and government to make the business case for
investing in rural America.

In conjunction with the conference, we also announced a new $10 billion Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund. Supported entirely by private sector dollars
'with an initial investment from CoBank, a national cooperative bank and member
of the Farm Credit System, and managed by Capitol Peak Asset Management, the
Fund offers a sustainable platform for new kinds of investors to inject billions
into rural infrastructure projects.

Up until now, we have faced a major hurdle when it comes to making the
connection between the demand for investment in rural areas and the financial
community. The new Fund serves as a proof point that rural America is a
promising investment. The financial community should look at investing in rural
America not just as a good thing to do--there is a huge opportunity for them to
see a return on their investment in rural America as well.

The Fund represents a new approach to USDA's support for job-creating projects
across the country. It allows us to act as a matchmaker between strong projects
and potential private investors and expands our capacity to facilitate rural
investment beyond what we can do alone.

Rural America needs strong, stable infrastructure in order to meet the current
demand for food and farm products, as well as the growing demand in areas such
as renewable energy, local and regional food, and the bio-economy. To attract
young people to rural America, prevent rural "brain drain," and ensure a stable
rural workforce, we have to make sure that rural areas offer the same breadth of
opportunity that cities can offer and that starts with strong, modern
infrastructure.

These are high-potential areas that will create jobs and stimulate growth, which
makes rural infrastructure not just a rural issue-- it's a national economic
issue, too.

We believe that this Fund and the communities brought together for the first
time at this week's conference are a key part of addressing the unmet demand for
rural investment. If we can inject even a small portion of the enormous amount
of available investment capital in the United States into rural projects, we can
help to foster an environment that spurs rural innovation and ensures that rural
America remains open for business.

To see how USDA has invested in your state, visit www.usda.gov/opportunity.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Dickey County Leader


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Oakes Times (North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 31, 2014

Making the Business Case for Rural America

BYLINE: The Oakes Times staff

LENGTH: 630  words


These days, it seems like it's easier than ever to turn a good idea into
reality. This is the era of Kickstarter, where entrepreneurs can connect with
potential investors at the click of a button.

Of course, it takes more than money to grow an idea. It takes an atmosphere that
fosters creativity and rewards innovation. And at a deeper, less obvious level,
it requires strong, secure infrastructure--roads and bridges, but also internet
access and community facilities like hospitals and schools--that improves
connectivity and access to information, moves products to market, and makes
communities competitive and attractive to new businesses and investments.

Part of the challenge we face in rural America is that in too many places,
infrastructure is outdated and cannot support the same kinds of opportunities
that are easily found in cities and larger towns.

USDA itself has a strong record of supporting rural infrastructure upgrades. Our
Rural Development program has a loan portfolio of over $200 billion direct and
guaranteed loans. Yet, there continues to be significant unmet demand for
investment in rural America that exceeds our capacity.

We can't address this disparity alone, which is why this week, USDA, as part of
the White House Rural Council, hosted the first-ever Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. This conference brought together key people from the
investment community, rural areas and government to make the business case for
investing in rural America.

In conjunction with the conference, we also announced a new $10 billion Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund. Supported entirely by private sector dollars
With an initial investment from CoBank, a national cooperative bank and member
of the Farm Credit System, and managed by Capitol Peak Asset Management, the
Fund offers a sustainable platform for new kinds of investors to inject billions
into rural infrastructure projects.

Up until now, we have faced a major hurdle when it comes to making the
connection between the demand for investment in rural areas and the financial
community. The new Fund serves as a proof point that rural America is a
promising investment. The financial community should look at investing in rural
America not just as a good thing to do--there is a huge opportunity for them to
see a return on their investment in rural America as well.

The Fund represents a new approach to USDA's support for job-creating projects
across the country. It allows us to act as a matchmaker between strong projects
and potential private investors and expands our capacity to facilitate rural
investment beyond what we can do alone.

Rural America needs strong, stable infrastructure in order to meet the current
demand for food and farm products, as well as the growing demand in areas such
as renewable energy, local and regional food, and the bio-economy. To attract
young people to rural America, prevent rural "brain drain," and ensure a stable
rural workforce, we have to make sure that rural areas offer the same breadth of
opportunity that cities can offer and that starts with strong, modern
infrastructure.

These are high-potential areas that will create jobs and stimulate growth, which
makes rural infrastructure not just a rural issue-- it's a national economic
issue, too.

We believe that this Fund and the communities brought together for the first
time at this week's conference are a key part of addressing the unmet demand for
rural investment. If we can inject even a small portion of the enormous amount
of available investment capital in the United States into rural projects, we can
help to foster an environment that spurs rural innovation and ensures that rural
America remains open for business.

To see how USDA has invested in your state, visit www.usda.gov/opportunity.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OAK

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2014 Oakes Times


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

BETTER INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDED FOR PAK-INDIA BORDER TRADE

BYLINE: Amanullah Khan

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 278

LENGTH: 541  words


Pakistan and India must utilize existing forums to resolve water disputes
besides sharing experience to promote agriculture produce in both countries
besides efforts to utilize land route for trade between the two countries. This
was observed by the participants at Pakistan-India Legislators and Public
Officials Dialogue on Sharing of Experiences on Governance and Democracy, held
in Karachi. Comprehensive discussions were held on the present status of the
Agriculture, Business and Investment and Tourism in Pakistan and India.

The Dialogue mainly focused on three themes: Agriculture, Business and
Investment and Tourism. Participants from the two countries believed that
Experience-Sharing on Governance through the Dialogue has been much more useful
than anticipated, agreeing that experience sharing and dialogue on governance
and democracy should not be hostage to political and diplomatic relations
between the two countries At the outset, it was acknowledged that, while there
are no two views about the need of improvement of bilateral relationship among
the two neighboring countries leading to peace, stability and order in the
region, the two countries, owing to their unique common history and similarities
in models of Governance and Democracy, can and should, cooperate on learning
from each other on good practices on improving Governance and Democracy focused
on improvement in the lives of the citizens of the two countries.

The two sides agreed that both countries must focus on improvement of
Agriculture as a major sector of growth. Legislators and Citizens must join
hands to lobby for comprehensive, growth-oriented reforms in agriculture in both
countries. Participants believed that a Joint Forum of Farmers between India and
Pakistan should be created to facilitate mutual learning and exchange of good
practices. They also proposed facilitating a Joint Kisan Festival facilitating
interaction among farmers from Pakistan and India. Linkages between the farmers'
community, subject specific academics and citizens' organizations between both
countries. Discussing water conservation and smarter options to use water for
harvesting, the two sides agreed that a more efficient use of rainwater in both
countries is required. Land Reforms and the Mechanization of the Agricultural
Sector were unanimously agreed upon as key areas that required concentration by
representatives of both India and Pakistan.

It was agreed that policies needed to be made such that through Land reforms and
only smart subsidization of agricultural equipment the production and yield of
crops could be increased. Challenges, like the raising of net availability of
food grains, tackling poverty and hunger, un-availability of water due to its
misuse, adulterated pesticides, smuggling of seeds and their poor quality
mixing, high electricity Tariffs, lack of awareness of existing agricultural
schemes and subsidies, low literacy rate, and malpractices in the distribution
of agricultural products and its affects on the development of the sector in
both Pakistan and India, were also discussed. It was unanimously decided that
there needed to be a presence of forums for the sharing of problems faced by
farmers (Kisan) in both Pakistan and India.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                              June 8, 2012 Friday

Positives seen in 'shuffling' economy

BYLINE: Jazial Crossley

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 373 words


The New Zealand economy is shuffling forward, according to the latest BusinessNZ
Economic Conditions Index.

While dipping confidence in the rural sector and weakening international
commodity prices remain threats, there are positive factors to the New Zealand
economy, according to the index.

While business investment levels were low and consumer confidence poor,
historically low interest rates and a focus on reducing business and household
debt were positives.

"With inflationary pressures low, pressures on commodity prices easing, and
relatively subdued household demand, the case for any interest rate rises in the
foreseeable future is very slim," BusinessNZ said. The consensus view among
economists was that the Reserve Bank will hold the official cash rate steady at
2.5 per cent in its next monetary policy statement next week.

On the negative side, falling commodity prices have led to Fonterra's payout
being cut by 30 cents for the 2011-2012 season to $6.45, with a further drop to
between $5.95 and $6.05 expected for the upcoming season. That's causing farmers
to reduce spending with flow-on impacts to rural communities.

The business advocacy group also said companies, in general, were continuing to
take a "wait and see" attitude to new investment.

But the focus on debt reduction by businesses and households was important given
New Zealand's vulnerability to changes in international investor sentiment, it
said. Inflation was expected to be well within the Reserve Bank's 1 to 3 per
cent target for the year to June 2013 but under pressure for the year to June
2014, when it is forecast to hit 2.8 per cent.

BusinessNZ said the business community would have liked to have seen more action
on interest- free student loans in the Budget. It said the Government was in
danger of playing catchup if it continued gradual reform of health and social
welfare.

Both Treasury and private sector forecasters were predicting GDP growth to be at
3 per cent by 2014, which BusinessNZ said was hardly spectacular. "The rebuild
of Christchurch is a big factor which will make or break the forecast for growth
. . . Currently, it is as if everyone is waiting for the starter's gun but is
not exactly clear when it will go off." Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 29, 1999 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Business asked to dig deep for bush;
REGIONAL AUSTRALIA CONFERENCE

BYLINE: BEN MITCHELL, REGIONAL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 461 words


CANBERRA

Australia's business leaders have been told they will have to dig deep for the
bush if they want to prevent unstable minority Governments controlling the
nation.

The Deputy Prime Minister, Mr John Anderson, yesterday warned the corporate
sector that country voters will continue to reject the main parties unless
companies helped ease the decline in regional Australia by investing in the
bush.

In high-level talks with Australia's corporate leaders at the Regional Australia
Summit, Mr Anderson said big business benefitted most from stable government.

"I feel it's very important that all of us in the Australian community realise
that we have seen some very interesting political outcomes - concerning
political outcomes - which have flowed from that sense of concern and alienation
in rural Australia," Mr Anderson said.

"That it's important for reasons of social cohesion and of stability, that gives
stable and sound government as well, that we address those concerns."

The comments came as the Prime Minister, Mr John Howard, announced that the
Federal Government would establish a regional development foundation to be
funded by corporate donations.

Mr Howard announced a $14.5million Commonwealth grant to help establish the
Australian Rural Partnerships foundation. It is hoped the foundation will
generate up to $100million for regional developments.

Australia's corporate leaders were locked away with Mr Anderson and senior
regional leaders yesterday to discuss measures to arrest the rural decline.
Among the business leaders who attended the talks were the head of BHP, Mr Paul
Anderson, and the chief executive of Telstra, Dr Ziggy Switkowski.

The banks, airlines, supermarkets and communications companies were also
represented.

The summit was told yesterday that regional communities must take charge of
their future and abandon the hope that the Government will bail them out in
tough times.

The director of the Centre for Small Town Development, Mr Peter Kenyon, told the
summit that too many regional communities were doing too little to halt the
decline in country areas.

"Communities can often be compared to an Australian football match where 20,000
people who need the exercise watch 36 players who do not," Mr Kenyon said.

The managing director of the agricultural company Wesfarmers, Mr Michael Chaney,
said that rural communities should capitalise on the market forces driving
change in the bush, rather than fight them.

"In attacking policies such as National Competition Policy, many rural leaders
are fighting the wrong enemy," Mr Chaney told the 230 delegates at the summit.

He said increased business investment, improved education facilities and a
faster uptake of technology were the keys to stimulating economic development in
country areas.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John Anderson at the summit. Picture: BELINDA PRATTEN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1999 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday

Fairfax upbeat on Southern Cross carve-up

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 366  words


A STRONGER advertising market in NSW and Victoria will combine with recent
merger benefits to drive earnings and share price growth for Fairfax Media,
according to research by Citigroup.

The print and online media giant on Tuesday proposed carving up Southern Cross
Broadcasting Ltd with Macquarie Media Group.

If the deal proceeds, Fairfax will gain a metropolitan radio network that
includes the 2UE, 3AW, 4BC and 6PR stations.

It also will add television production company, Southern Star, to its stable of
assets at a total cost to Fairfax of about $480 million.

The deal comes on top of Fairfax's recent $2.7 billion merger with regional
newspaper company, Rural Press.

In a research note, Citigroup analysts lauded both deals for diversifying the
Fairfax revenue base.

''Regional, rural and suburban publishing attracts a higher percentage of local
advertising, which has historically proven more resilient in any potential
downturn in the advertising cycle,'' the note said of Fairfax's acquisition of
Rural Press.

The purchase of the metropolitan radio network had important cross promotion
possibilities as well, it said.

''We believe AM talkback may also allow FXJ (Fairfax) to access an expanded
audience, not currently reading the flagship metro titles,'' th note said.

''This expanded audience will again allow a greater share of national
advertising.''

Most important, the Citigroup research noted, was the upward trend in business
investment in NSW and Victoria, driven by increased State Government
expenditure.

That would drive metro display advertising growth of 5 per cent for the next two
financial years.

Citigroup upgraded Fairfax stocks from 'hold/medium risk' to 'buy/medium risk',
and a target share price of $5.24.

A research note from Credit Suisse First Boston said incorporating the Southern
Cross businesses ''would not be without integration risk, particularly as a
result of merging two corporate cultures''.

But the note said Fairfax could enjoy cost and revenue synergies worth about $8
million annually from the radio business.

Fairfax shares closed up five cents at $4.60.

Southern Cross Broadcasting was down seven cents to $17.21, and MMG securities
fell six cents to $4.90.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

PAKSAT-1R to play important role in socio-economic development of country

SECTION: Vol. XXXV No. 233

LENGTH: 526  words


Communication satellite,PAKSAT-1R, recently launched by Pakistan will not only
play important role in socio-economic development of the country but will also
provide educational opportunities, better health services,stimulate private
sector business and investment. Communication satellite will provide telecom
operators and government, a cost effective way to extend essential telecom
services to the farthest corners of the country.

Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of medical
professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries which
often lack communication infrastructure.

Today,communication satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical
care,enhance its quality,provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery.

By enabling physicians to consult with their peers,have access to
specialists,and continue their education, tele-medicine could also increase the
number of physicians located in rural areas.

Giving further details,Secretary SUPARCO Arshad H Siraj said "This satellite
will also help to increase diversity and access to educational programs by
providing opportunities for adult community education and in-service teacher
training".

He said world has now entered a new era called the information society.This era
is marked by  dramatic technological developments in computers,electronic media
and telecommunications and growing aspects of information in all aspects of
human life. Access to the information and the facilities, to produce, store and
transmit information is now considered vital  to development.

In this race between information needs and new information capabilities,
communication satellites give the ability to compete and maximize the use of
limited resources towards an expanding population. For Pakistan, satellites are
not only a communication tool,rather a unique opportunity  to bring meaningful
change in the lives of its citizen. Realizing the importance of extending the
benefits of information revolution to to rural communities, governments the
world over are implementing innovative universal services programs in the areas
of communication,health care,education and governance.

Communication satellites have become an integral part of all such programs
extending their reach to the remotest corners of the wold and providing reliable
and cost effective means of extending the benefits of information revolution to
people living in these times. Replying to a question, Secretary SUPARCO said,
under the vision 2040 of Pakistan's Space program, many more satellites will be
launched, which will help to improve socio-economic condition of the country.

As far as launch of spaceship is concerned, he said, no such planning is in
consideration, and focus is to launch more communication satellites. PAKSAT-1R
was successfully launched on 12th August 2011, and will start its commercial
operations in October 2011. It is a great milestone in the field of Science and
Technology for the people of Pakistan and a big step towards the economic
prosperity of the country.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            December 4, 1995 Monday

FACTORS THAT STIFLE GROWTH

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: BOTTINI I

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 513 words


KEYWORD-HIT Factors that stifle growth R ESERVE Bank Governor Bernie Fraser
confirmed on Thursday night that he expe cted the Australian economy to slow in
coming months, before an expected pick up towards the end of 1996. While Mr
Fraser did not detail the factors which would fuel growth over the second half
of 1996, numbers released last week gave a reasonable indication of why growth
would slow. Virtually all the growth which took place in domestic spending over
the September quarter was the result of buying in the retail and wholesale
sectors. The consumer, though, never came to the party, leaving the business
sector with a great deal of unwanted stock by the end of the quarter. Now, with
unemployment slowly on the rise, consumer spending is not expected to accelerate
and this will force the business sector to cut back on further orders. Attempts
to reduce stock levels will thus slow economic activity in coming quarters. This
will have a knock-on impact on unemployment, which can be expected to rise a
little faster and rising unemployment will help depress consumer spending still
further. The Australian economy will thus face the beginnings of a downward
spiral. Activity in residential housing and business investment were also weak
over the third quarter. Indeed, there were no signs of strong growth taking
place in any area of the domestic economy, with the exception of the rural
sector, where a breaking of the drought has helped increase output. With
household debt levels high and unemployment rising, it is difficult to predict a
strong recovery in the housing sector. Similarly, business investment is
unlikely to rebound strongly unless some sort of policy stimulus is provided by
local authorities. There may be an economic cycle, but it is not a supernatural
phenomenon. Without the right signals and stimulus, a rebound will be difficult
to achieve. Despite this relatively poor showing, the Reserve Bank Governor
ruled out the possibility of cutting rates. The reason is simple: even with a
relatively sluggish pace of domestic spending, Australia is still running a
current account deficit with the rest of the world. In short, Australia
continues to either borrow from or sell assets to foreign investors in order to
maintain current living standards. Should domestic spending pick up any further,
then that process would accelerate, increasing Australia's need for foreign
capital. Mr Fraser made a clear point on Thursday that this chronic reliance on
foreign capital left Australia extremely vulnerable. Australia therefore needs
to maintain the confidence of foreign investors and could not afford to
stimulate domestic consumption, given the risk that our foreign creditors would
consider such a move economically irresponsible and quickly withdraw from
Australia, thus sending the economy into recession. Economic policy decisions in
Australia are thus compromised by our position as a debtor nation. That said,
our foreign creditors have good reason to consider any moves to boost domestic
spending a risk. Continued, Page 20

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2017 Saturday

Washington: SBA Announces New Initiative with GIIRS Rating System for Private
Funds and Companies

LENGTH: 1019  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet today announced a new initiative with
Global Impact Investing Rating System (GIIRS), an innovative rating system that
evaluates the operational and business model impact of private funds and
companies. Under the terms of the understanding, OII will use GIIRS ratings as
one factor to rate and authenticate the influx of Impact Small Business
Investment Companies it will review and license in fiscal year 2017.
Additionally, GIIRS will begin to offer geographic mapping for further
evaluation of impact in low-to-moderate income (LMI) investment, which is a
critical metric to ensure that the regions and cities of America who need
investment the most are being served.





 In making the announcement, SBA Administrator and a member of President Obama's
cabinet, Maria Contreras-Sweet said: "SBICs are among SBA's most important
programs to increase investments in the most promising and socially impactful
small businesses.  I am pleased that GIIRS is following SBA's lead in including
LMI communities when evaluating impact investments.  Tracking how these
investment dollars are distributed in LMI areas will bring important attention
to those American cities, towns and rural areas suffering the most economically.
This new initiative with GIIRs will deepen our coordination and provide a
valuable new tool for private investors to evaluate and validate where their
investment dollars are directed."



 Andrew Kassoy, Co-Founder of B Lab, the non-profit developer of GIIRS, added:
"The SBA's Office of Investment and Innovation is one of the most important
players in the impact investing arena. This partnership and their utilization of
GIIRS to measure and understand the impact across the SBIC program supports the
growth of the impact investing sector in many ways."



 GIIRS will be customized for all SBIC funds to make it efficient to produce
SBA-required data. Under the agreement, GIIRS will offer geographic mapping to
SBICs of low-to-moderate income (LMI) investment, as well as a profile of the
companies where SBIC has made an investment. LMI is an accepted government and
social impact yardstick to measure the focus of invested funds on areas in
American cities and regions that have citizen-income levels below average.  This
mapping will add another level of analysis and assessment of the SBIC's impact
and social value.



 SBA's Small Business Investment Companies (SBIC) program licenses
professionally managed private equity, venture capital and business development
funds to receive debt-leverage to invest in American small businesses. The SBIC
program has 315 active licensees.  With partner funds, SBA oversees a "fund of
funds" with almost $24 billion in assets under management. Several of these
licensees include investment strategies aimed at sustainability, low and
moderate income community investing, and demographic diversity investing, among
others.



 GIIRS verifies and validates the positive impact funds have through their
investments, helps external investors understand and trust that impact, and
engages portfolio companies in improving their ability to create high quality
jobs and improve communities. Nearly half of the SBIC Impact funds have used
GIIRS to meet their impact reporting requirements. More than 90 funds have been
rated since GIIRS launched in 2011.



 To initiate the relationship, OII, in collaboration with B Lab's GIIRS team,
will offer webinars and other instructional sessions for all of its SBIC
licenses about how fund managers can effectively measure and manage the social
and environmental impact of their portfolios, the GIIRS ratings, and other
elements of the program. It will include educational material on its website,
and coordinate outreach with GIIRS personnel for new SBIC license applications.
B Lab will provide information on the GIIRS website about SBIC financial
leverage to all funds using the ratings.  Each partner participates in a
non-exclusive way, and future enhanced relationships may be announced shortly.



 Global Impact Investing Rating System (GIIRS)



 GIIRS Ratings are the gold standard for funds that manage their portfolio's
impact with the same rigor as their financial performance. GIIRS provides a
comprehensive, credible, and verified evaluation of a fund's impact performance.
Since GIIRS was launched in 2011, 90 funds covering 1000 companies in 50
countries and across 100 industries have received a GIIRS rating. GIIRS Ratings
are a product of B Lab, a nonprofit organization that serves a global movement
of people using business as a force for good. B lab's vision is that one day all
companies compete not only to be the best in the world, but the best for the
world and society will enjoy prosperity for all for the long term.



 About the Small Business Investment Company Program



 The Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) program is a multi-billion dollar,
government-sponsored investment fund created in 1958 to bridge the gap between
entrepreneurs' need for capital and traditional sources of financing. SBA
invests long-term capital in privately-owned and managed investment firms
licensed as Small Business Investment Companies (SBICs). Once capitalized, SBICs
make debt and equity investments in some of America's most promising small
businesses, helping them grow. Since the program was created in 1958, over $80
billion has been invested, helping finance 170,000 American small businesses,
including companies like COSTCO, Amgen, Apple, FedEx, Staples, Intel, and Tesla.




 About the Small Business Administration (SBA)



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) was created in 1953 and since
January 13, 2012, has served as a Cabinet-level agency of the federal government
to aid, counsel, assist and protect the interests of small business concerns, to
preserve free competitive enterprise and to maintain and strengthen the overall
economy of our nation.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Washington: SBA Announces New Initiative with GIIRS Rating System for Private
Funds and Companies

LENGTH: 1065  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet today announced a new initiative with
Global Impact Investing Rating System (GIIRS), an innovative rating system that
evaluates the operational and business model impact of private funds and
companies. Under the terms of the understanding, OII will use GIIRS ratings as
one factor to rate and authenticate the influx of Impact Small Business
Investment Companies it will review and license in fiscal year 2017.
Additionally, GIIRS will begin to offer geographic mapping for further
evaluation of impact in low-to-moderate income (LMI) investment, which is a
critical metric to ensure that the regions and cities of America who need
investment the most are being served.





 In making the announcement, SBA Administrator and a member of President Obama's
cabinet, Maria Contreras-Sweet said: "SBICs are among SBA's most important
programs to increase investments in the most promising and socially impactful
small businesses.  I am pleased that GIIRS is following SBA's lead in including
LMI communities when evaluating impact investments.  Tracking how these
investment dollars are distributed in LMI areas will bring important attention
to those American cities, towns and rural areas suffering the most economically.
This new initiative with GIIRs will deepen our coordination and provide a
valuable new tool for private investors to evaluate and validate where their
investment dollars are directed."



 Andrew Kassoy, Co-Founder of B Lab, the non-profit developer of GIIRS, added:
"The SBA's Office of Investment and Innovation is one of the most important
players in the impact investing arena. This partnership and their utilization of
GIIRS to measure and understand the impact across the SBIC program supports the
growth of the impact investing sector in many ways."



 GIIRS will be customized for all SBIC funds to make it efficient to produce
SBA-required data. Under the agreement, GIIRS will offer geographic mapping to
SBICs of low-to-moderate income (LMI) investment, as well as a profile of the
companies where SBIC has made an investment. LMI is an accepted government and
social impact yardstick to measure the focus of invested funds on areas in
American cities and regions that have citizen-income levels below average.  This
mapping will add another level of analysis and assessment of the SBIC's impact
and social value.



 SBA's Small Business Investment Companies (SBIC) program licenses
professionally managed private equity, venture capital and business development
funds to receive debt-leverage to invest in American small businesses. The SBIC
program has 315 active licensees.  With partner funds, SBA oversees a "fund of
funds" with almost $24 billion in assets under management. Several of these
licensees include investment strategies aimed at sustainability, low and
moderate income community investing, and demographic diversity investing, among
others.



 GIIRS verifies and validates the positive impact funds have through their
investments, helps external investors understand and trust that impact, and
engages portfolio companies in improving their ability to create high quality
jobs and improve communities. Nearly half of the SBIC Impact funds have used
GIIRS to meet their impact reporting requirements. More than 90 funds have been
rated since GIIRS launched in 2011.



 To initiate the relationship, OII, in collaboration with B Lab's GIIRS team,
will offer webinars and other instructional sessions for all of its SBIC
licenses about how fund managers can effectively measure and manage the social
and environmental impact of their portfolios, the GIIRS ratings, and other
elements of the program. It will include educational material on its website,
and coordinate outreach with GIIRS personnel for new SBIC license applications.
B Lab will provide information on the GIIRS website about SBIC financial
leverage to all funds using the ratings.  Each partner participates in a
non-exclusive way, and future enhanced relationships may be announced shortly.



 Global Impact Investing Rating System (GIIRS)



 GIIRS Ratings are the gold standard for funds that manage their portfolio's
impact with the same rigor as their financial performance. GIIRS provides a
comprehensive, credible, and verified evaluation of a fund's impact performance.
Since GIIRS was launched in 2011, 90 funds covering 1000 companies in 50
countries and across 100 industries have received a GIIRS rating. GIIRS Ratings
are a product of B Lab, a nonprofit organization that serves a global movement
of people using business as a force for good. B lab's vision is that one day all
companies compete not only to be the best in the world, but the best for the
world and society will enjoy prosperity for all for the long term.



 About the Small Business Investment Company Program



 The Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) program is a multi-billion dollar,
government-sponsored investment fund created in 1958 to bridge the gap between
entrepreneurs' need for capital and traditional sources of financing. SBA
invests long-term capital in privately-owned and managed investment firms
licensed as Small Business Investment Companies (SBICs). Once capitalized, SBICs
make debt and equity investments in some of America's most promising small
businesses, helping them grow. Since the program was created in 1958, over $80
billion has been invested, helping finance 170,000 American small businesses,
including companies like COSTCO, Amgen, Apple, FedEx, Staples, Intel, and Tesla.




 About the Small Business Administration (SBA)



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) was created in 1953 and since
January 13, 2012, has served as a Cabinet-level agency of the federal government
to aid, counsel, assist and protect the interests of small business concerns, to
preserve free competitive enterprise and to maintain and strengthen the overall
economy of our nation.  The SBA helps Americans start, build and grow
businesses.  Through an extensive network of field offices and partnerships with
public and private organizations, the SBA delivers its services to people
throughout the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Washington: SBA Announces New Initiative with GIIRS Rating System for Private
Funds and Companies

LENGTH: 1065  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Small Business Administration has issued the following news
release:



 SBA Administrator Maria Contreras-Sweet today announced a new initiative with
Global Impact Investing Rating System (GIIRS), an innovative rating system that
evaluates the operational and business model impact of private funds and
companies. Under the terms of the understanding, OII will use GIIRS ratings as
one factor to rate and authenticate the influx of Impact Small Business
Investment Companies it will review and license in fiscal year 2017.
Additionally, GIIRS will begin to offer geographic mapping for further
evaluation of impact in low-to-moderate income (LMI) investment, which is a
critical metric to ensure that the regions and cities of America who need
investment the most are being served.





 In making the announcement, SBA Administrator and a member of President Obama's
cabinet, Maria Contreras-Sweet said: "SBICs are among SBA's most important
programs to increase investments in the most promising and socially impactful
small businesses.  I am pleased that GIIRS is following SBA's lead in including
LMI communities when evaluating impact investments.  Tracking how these
investment dollars are distributed in LMI areas will bring important attention
to those American cities, towns and rural areas suffering the most economically.
This new initiative with GIIRs will deepen our coordination and provide a
valuable new tool for private investors to evaluate and validate where their
investment dollars are directed."



 Andrew Kassoy, Co-Founder of B Lab, the non-profit developer of GIIRS, added:
"The SBA's Office of Investment and Innovation is one of the most important
players in the impact investing arena. This partnership and their utilization of
GIIRS to measure and understand the impact across the SBIC program supports the
growth of the impact investing sector in many ways."



 GIIRS will be customized for all SBIC funds to make it efficient to produce
SBA-required data. Under the agreement, GIIRS will offer geographic mapping to
SBICs of low-to-moderate income (LMI) investment, as well as a profile of the
companies where SBIC has made an investment. LMI is an accepted government and
social impact yardstick to measure the focus of invested funds on areas in
American cities and regions that have citizen-income levels below average.  This
mapping will add another level of analysis and assessment of the SBIC's impact
and social value.



 SBA's Small Business Investment Companies (SBIC) program licenses
professionally managed private equity, venture capital and business development
funds to receive debt-leverage to invest in American small businesses. The SBIC
program has 315 active licensees.  With partner funds, SBA oversees a "fund of
funds" with almost $24 billion in assets under management. Several of these
licensees include investment strategies aimed at sustainability, low and
moderate income community investing, and demographic diversity investing, among
others.



 GIIRS verifies and validates the positive impact funds have through their
investments, helps external investors understand and trust that impact, and
engages portfolio companies in improving their ability to create high quality
jobs and improve communities. Nearly half of the SBIC Impact funds have used
GIIRS to meet their impact reporting requirements. More than 90 funds have been
rated since GIIRS launched in 2011.



 To initiate the relationship, OII, in collaboration with B Lab's GIIRS team,
will offer webinars and other instructional sessions for all of its SBIC
licenses about how fund managers can effectively measure and manage the social
and environmental impact of their portfolios, the GIIRS ratings, and other
elements of the program. It will include educational material on its website,
and coordinate outreach with GIIRS personnel for new SBIC license applications.
B Lab will provide information on the GIIRS website about SBIC financial
leverage to all funds using the ratings.  Each partner participates in a
non-exclusive way, and future enhanced relationships may be announced shortly.



 Global Impact Investing Rating System (GIIRS)



 GIIRS Ratings are the gold standard for funds that manage their portfolio's
impact with the same rigor as their financial performance. GIIRS provides a
comprehensive, credible, and verified evaluation of a fund's impact performance.
Since GIIRS was launched in 2011, 90 funds covering 1000 companies in 50
countries and across 100 industries have received a GIIRS rating. GIIRS Ratings
are a product of B Lab, a nonprofit organization that serves a global movement
of people using business as a force for good. B lab's vision is that one day all
companies compete not only to be the best in the world, but the best for the
world and society will enjoy prosperity for all for the long term.



 About the Small Business Investment Company Program



 The Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) program is a multi-billion dollar,
government-sponsored investment fund created in 1958 to bridge the gap between
entrepreneurs' need for capital and traditional sources of financing. SBA
invests long-term capital in privately-owned and managed investment firms
licensed as Small Business Investment Companies (SBICs). Once capitalized, SBICs
make debt and equity investments in some of America's most promising small
businesses, helping them grow. Since the program was created in 1958, over $80
billion has been invested, helping finance 170,000 American small businesses,
including companies like COSTCO, Amgen, Apple, FedEx, Staples, Intel, and Tesla.




 About the Small Business Administration (SBA)



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) was created in 1953 and since
January 13, 2012, has served as a Cabinet-level agency of the federal government
to aid, counsel, assist and protect the interests of small business concerns, to
preserve free competitive enterprise and to maintain and strengthen the overall
economy of our nation.  The SBA helps Americans start, build and grow
businesses.  Through an extensive network of field offices and partnerships with
public and private organizations, the SBA delivers its services to people
throughout the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                               February 10, 2014

IFAD Lifts Rwanda Post-Harvesting

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: Kigali


The government and Rome-based International Fund for Agricultural Development
(IFAD) have signed a $33.9 million financing agreement which is meant to help
Rwanda improve on the post-harvest and pay for the Agribusiness Support Project
(PASP).

The project is under the Ministry of Agriculture and Animal Husbandry (MINAGRI).

Rwanda continues to develop different strategies that can help improve
agriculture, which involves 90% of the country's population, and has continued
to get technical and financial assistance from several development partners.

To date, IFAD has funded over 14 rural development programs and projects.
According to Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning, the money will help PSAP
guide small holders and rural laborers', helping them increase on their income
and becoming notable contributors to the economic development of Rwanda.

IFAD has injected a total of $ 205.2 million since 1981. The latest agreement is
a 50% grant while the rest is a loan and will therefore support the rural
farmers for covering the next five years.

This project mainly deals with people involved in market production. Specific
areas include the dairy businesses and crop intensification for farmers, all
aimed at increasing productivity.

For the crop intensification program (CIP), Janvier Gasasira the SPIU/
Coordinator at MINAGRI said they are looking at land consolidation, inputs, such
as fertilizers plus other extension services, plus market support where storage
facilities and post- harvest handling.

"Farmers used to waste a lot during harvest where about 30% was wasted but now
with the new project, about 10% to 15% is wasted, and we believe the number will
continue to go down with the support offered by the project," Gasasira said.

This project will look at specific crops which include cassava, maize, potatoes
plus milk production.

According to Gasasira in terms of potato production, districts like Musanze,
Nyabihu, and Rubavu will be supported, while Ruhango, Muhanga, and Nyanza are to
be supported for cassava growing. Ngoma, Kayonza, Gatsibo, Nyagatare and Kirehe
are earmarked for maize growing.

About 40.000 to 45.000 rural farmers are estimated to be under the small
holders' and rural labourers project. These are expected to benefit from this
project.They are to be coached on agri-business to be able to create capacity,
learn more about post- harvest climate resilient agri-business investment
support, and project management. This will help create value addition and
improve small land holders incomes.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Craven Herald

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

planning consultants move to larger premises

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


with pic submit

A Craven rural development and planning advisory business has moved to larger
premises in Skipton.

Rural Solutions, previously at Broughton Hall Business Park, has moved to the
recently converted Canalside House, part of the complex also including Craven
District Council.

From a start of just three people in 2009, it has grown to a team of more than
20 and with new offices in the South and Scotland.

Its managing director, William Fry, says the company has made the most of new
opportunities made possible by government changes to planning legislation.

Over the last five years, it has seen an average growth of 67 per cent on the
year before - despite the recession and house building crisis.

"We needed a space that offered flexibility and the opportunity for continuous
growth," said Mr Fry.

"The recent changes in planning legislation represent the most positive
environment towards development in the past 25 years and we are entering a new
chapter for our business.

"The investment in new premises is a direct response to the growth of the market
and the demands of our clients."

"When we started out in 2009, there just three of us working flat out, but we
had a clear vision.

"Through acquisition, investment in the right people and talent, plus an
ambitious plan to introduce new offices nationwide we have grown to a team of
20, plus permanent colleagues and we are currently recruiting."

From its Skipton base, the business has pushed south with the opening of two
offices. Duncan Hartley, director of planning, manages the south east, and Rob
Jones Davies manages business development for the south west.

Mr Fry added that the business's top 24 per cent of its clients accounted for 80
per cent of its turnover.

"These clients tend to work with us long term and buy at least two or more of
the core services we have on offer - advisory, planning and design, and project
management," he said.

"While Rural Estate clients equate to 42 per cent of our businesses, we have
seen a significant increase in work being carried out for corporates,
particularly in the North of the UK, accounting for 27 per cent of revenues
generated."

He added that Rural Solutions would continue to support rural life.

"The rural market place is thriving and changing, further liberalisation of
planning and improving technoloigies is making the countryside a more attractive
proposition for business development and diversification," he said.

"We hope that through our sensitive and considered approach, we will continue to
support rural life and make the countryside a place where people can choose to
live, work and play."

ends

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

It's time to raise long-term equity allocation

BYLINE: Pralay Mondal

LENGTH: 612  words


Asset allocation plays an important role in balancing reward and risk in the
investment portfolio, and till date it is the most superior determinant of
investors' success in the long term.

The right mix between equity and debt is crucial for an investor to achieve his
financial objectives. But there is no set formula to define the right asset
allocation for an individual, however, there are three important factors which
help one derive the most suited allocation - investment horizon, liquidity
requirement and risk appetite.

Over the last 18 months, the Reserve Bank of India has reduced interest rates
1.50%, with last of the announcement made in April 2016. In this scenario of
falling interest rates, it becomes increasingly easier for corporate/individuals
to borrow money which helps finance their expansion/aspirations at a reduced
interest costs.

Besides helping business investments, lower interest rates also positively
affect consumer psychology and help increase consumption. While the positive
effects are numerous, it is important to understand that there is generally a
12-18 month lag for the impact of interest rates changes to be felt in the
economy, meaning that it will take at least 12 months for the effects of any
decrease in interest rates to span out properly.

Last two-three months have seen a positive trend in the economic activity on few
critical parameters:

(1) The data on projects getting cleared and awarding of orders has gone up in
recent times.

(2) Industrial activity has picked up with output of core infrastructure
industries expanded by 8.4% year-on-year (yoy) in April 2016 (versus 6.4% yoy in
March 2016), at a four-year high, albeit partially on account of favourable base
effect.

(3) Recovery in rural demand given government's focus on rural spending and
projected normal monsoon - revival of the rural economy would also have a
multiplier effect on sectors that are driven by consumption - these sectors
include consumer goods, FMCG, autos (two-wheelers in particular), etc. This
revival in demand and consumption would eventually translate to increase in
private capital expenditure turning the whole economic circle positively.

The pick-up in activity is not only restricted to macro variables alone but is
also visible in the last quarter corporate earnings as well. For CNX 500 firms,
excluding energy and BFSI, net sales growth and profit growth for the March
quarter was the best on record since the June 2014 quarter. This means, in last
quarter, we have seen an increase in corporate earnings growth after a long lean
phase (six consecutive quarters of declining earnings growth), although this is
partially driven by low base effect in the same quarter of previous year.

This suggests that the lag impact of interest rates and key government reforms
have started to impact and greenshoots in the economy are now visible. It could
be just a matter of time that earnings growth comes back in a more meaningful
way.

In this phase of the economy, higher allocation in equities is desired for the
long-term investment portfolio. Given that the street estimates corporate
earnings to grow at 15%+, the consequent increase in share prices can beat the
underlying inflation (currently at approximate 5%) by a very wide margin.
However, investors must have a horizon of 3-5 years to expect meaningful
returns. Also, one must consider one's investment horizon, liquidity
requirements and risk appetite before increasing the allocation and invest in a
staggered manner. For retail and first-time investors, SIP is the best route to
take exposure to equity markets.

The writer is senior group president retail and business banking, YES Bank

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                               September 6, 2013

                         Islami Bank Bangladesh Limited

                Islami Bank Tower, 40, Dilkusha Commercial Area
                          Dhaka,  Upper Carniola 1000
                                   Bangladesh

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Islami Bank Bangladesh Limited (Islami Bank) is a commercial banking services
provider. The bank's product portfolio includes investment modes, deposit, rural
development and special schemes. It provides financial products and services to
individual customers, corporate customers, government, small and medium
enterprises and institution. Islami Bank also offers foreign exchange and small
and medium enterprises (SMEs) services. The bank serves to customers in
Southeast Asia.

   The bank's activities include maintaining deposit accounts, make investments,
conduct foreign exchange business, extend other banking services, and to conduct
social welfare activities through Islami Bank Foundation. It offers various
deposit schemes such as Al-Wadeeah Current Account, Mudaraba Term Deposit
Receipt, Mudaraba Savings Bond Scheme, Mudaraba Savings Account, Mudaraba
Special Notice Account, Mudaraba Special Savings (Pension) Account, Mudaraba
Hajj Savings Account, Mudaraba Foreign Currency Deposit Scheme (Savings),
Mudaraba Waqf Cash Deposit Account, Mudaraba Monthly Profit Deposit Scheme and
Mudaraba Muhor Savings Deposit Scheme. Islami Bank's investment services include
Bai- Muajjal, Bai- Murabaha, Hire purchase under Shirkatul Meelk, Mudarabah,
Musharaka, Bai- Salam and Equity and entrepreneurship Fund of Bangladesh Bank.
The bank also offers various Investment schemes such as household durables
scheme (HDS), real estate investment program, micro industries investment
scheme, car investment scheme, transport investment program, small business
investment scheme, agriculture implements investment scheme, investment scheme
for doctors and micro industries investment scheme. It has the rural development
scheme that offers investment facilities to rural housing, agricultural, other
farming and off-farming activities in the rural areas. Islami Bank offers
finance for self-employment, educational services, safe drinking water,
sanitation and medicare facilities and income generating activities.

   The bank also offers finance for the investment needs of agriculture and
rural sector; and automated teller machine services. It also provides locker and
inter-bank financial telecommunication services and also offers foreign exchange
services. The foreign exchange business of Islami Bank offers remittance
arrangements and NBR services.

   Islami Bank offers services such as NRB services, SME services, foreign
exchange business services, locker services and offshore banking services. It
operates through 12 zonal offices, 246 branches, and 30 SME/agriculture
branches.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                October 13, 2010

Kerry's 'hub' towns risk losing development aid

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 308 words


It has emerged that the nine towns designated as regional growth centres, or
hubs, under the strategy are now prevented from applying for certain State
grants which could help drive development and attract significant business
investment.

The strategy, which was unveiled in 2002, designated nine medium to large towns,
and pairs of towns such as Tralee and Killarney, as hub towns because of their
capacity to develop and act as "drivers for growth for their hinterlands."

The towns were picked to make sure development would spill outwards to their
areas fromthe larger designated 'gateway' cities nearby   Cork and Limerick in
Kerry's case.

However it has since transpired that the designation is actually impeding local
development agencies from securing certain State aid packages, such as Leader,
which are designed to enhance economic growth.

The issue was raised in the Dáil last week and Minister of State at the
Department of Environment, Ciarán Cuffe (Green) admitted there is a problem.

"My department is aware that eligibility criteria for certain rural development
funding programmes, such as Leader, may be defined in such a way as to exclude
designated hub towns on the basis that these programmes are geared towards
supporting development in rural areas," he said.

The Government has now been called on to fix the legal anomaly that is putting
the towns at a disadvantage when it comes to attracting development aid.

The Department of the Environment completed a report in 2007 on the need for
coordinated investment in hub towns. It also identified the development issues
and challenges for each hub and made recommendations to support and advance
their future growth and development, the minister said.

However, Cork Labour TD Sean Sherlock said the response is inadequate and the
Government must move quickly to resolve the issue.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Carlow People (Ireland)

                                October 12, 2010

Kerry's 'hub' towns risk losing development aid

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 308 words


It has emerged that the nine towns designated as regional growth centres, or
hubs, under the strategy are now prevented from applying for certain State
grants which could help drive development and attract significant business
investment.

The strategy, which was unveiled in 2002, designated nine medium to large towns,
and pairs of towns such as Tralee and Killarney, as hub towns because of their
capacity to develop and act as "drivers for growth for their hinterlands."

The towns were picked to make sure development would spill outwards to their
areas fromthe larger designated 'gateway' cities nearby   Cork and Limerick in
Kerry's case.

However it has since transpired that the designation is actually impeding local
development agencies from securing certain State aid packages, such as Leader,
which are designed to enhance economic growth.

The issue was raised in the Dáil last week and Minister of State at the
Department of Environment, Ciarán Cuffe (Green) admitted there is a problem.

"My department is aware that eligibility criteria for certain rural development
funding programmes, such as Leader, may be defined in such a way as to exclude
designated hub towns on the basis that these programmes are geared towards
supporting development in rural areas," he said.

The Government has now been called on to fix the legal anomaly that is putting
the towns at a disadvantage when it comes to attracting development aid.

The Department of the Environment completed a report in 2007 on the need for
coordinated investment in hub towns. It also identified the development issues
and challenges for each hub and made recommendations to support and advance
their future growth and development, the minister said.

However, Cork Labour TD Sean Sherlock said the response is inadequate and the
Government must move quickly to resolve the issue.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Southern Reporter

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Union's Manifesto for Rural Scotland is launched

LENGTH: 483  words


NFU Scotland has launched its General Election manifesto containing the main
points of focus to secure a vibrant future for the Scottish farming industry.

The Manifesto for Rural Scotland situates NFU Scotland's position as we head
into a new five years of  Westminster government.

It calls upon candidates, of  all the political parties, who are standing in the
election,  to work with Scottish farmers over the next five years to boost
agriculture and the rural economy.

A range of hustings meetings across the country are to take place to encourage
debate and to ask the candidates to commit to support Scottish farming in the
run up to the General Election on May 7, 2015.

The election hustings got underway on Monday, March 30, with the first meeting
held in the Forth and Clyde region. They are set to conclude on Thursday, April
30, with a meeting in Inverurie for North East farmers.

Newly elected NFU Scotland president Allan Bowie commented: "Last year's
referendum on independence sparked an unprecedented surge of political
engagement, not least in Scotland's rural areas.

"This General Election, on May 7, comes at a crucial time as Scotland considers
its post-referendum position as part of the UK.

"Closer to home, however, there are a number of key issues that NFU Scotland
would like to see UK politicians act on now to secure the vibrancy of the
Scottish farming industry for the future.

"Our Manifesto for Rural Scotland calls upon the UK Government that will be
elected on May 7 to recognise the changes that have taken place north of the
border and work with Scottish farmers over the next five years to boost
agriculture and the rural economy.

"In particular, we are calling upon the team of politicians who will be elected
on May 7 to support Scottish farmers by promoting Scotland's larder at home and
abroad, which will also be key over the next five years, and we are calling upon
UK politicians to consider a more co-ordinated approach to export promotion and
fairness in the supply chain.

"We also urge for the undertaking of an urgent review of the UK Government's
decision on CAP convergence monies; as well as looking more closely at what tax
levers could be employed to incentivise best practice in land ownership and
business investment in Scotland.

"We very much look forward to taking our Manifesto for Rural Scotland out to the
regions of Scotland and encourage as many members as possible to attend these
husting events, which will stimulate debate ahead of this important crossroad."

The meeting in the Borders will be held on Thursday, April 16, at The Lodge,
Carfraemill, Lauder,

NFU Scotland members wishing to attend the meeting  at Carfraemill should
contact clare.slipper@nfus.org.uk or 0131 472 4182.

All meetings take place at 7pm for a 7.30pm start.

The venues for the other meetings up and down the country are:  Shawsburn,
Stirling Castle Douglas, Dingwall and Perth.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBSR


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Berwickshire News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Union's Manifesto for Rural Scotland is launched

BYLINE: Sandy Brydon

LENGTH: 483  words


NFU Scotland has launched its General Election manifesto containing the main
points of focus to secure a vibrant future for the Scottish farming industry.

This Manifesto for Rural Scotland situates NFU Scotland's position as we head
into a new five years of  Westminster government.

It calls upon candidates, of  all the political parties, who are standing in the
election,  to work with Scottish farmers over the next five years to boost
agriculture and the rural economy.

A range of hustings meetings across the country are to take place to encourage
debate and to ask the candidates to commit to support Scottish farming in the
run up to the General Election on May 7, 2015.

The election hustings got underway on Monday, March 30, with the first meeting
held in the Forth and Clyde region. They are set to conclude on Thursday, April
30, with a meeting in Inverurie for North East farmers.

Newly elected NFU Scotland president Allan Bowie commented: "Last year's
referendum on independence sparked an unprecedented surge of political
engagement, not least in Scotland's rural areas.

"This General Election, on May 7, comes at a crucial time as Scotland considers
its post-referendum position as part of the UK.

"Closer to home, however, there are a number of key issues that NFU Scotland
would like to see UK politicians act on now to secure the vibrancy of the
Scottish farming industry for the future.

"Our Manifesto for Rural Scotland calls upon the UK Government that will be
elected on May 7 to recognise the changes that have taken place north of the
border and work with Scottish farmers over the next five years to boost
agriculture and the rural economy.

"In particular, we are calling upon the team of politicians who will be elected
on May 7 to support Scottish farmers by promoting Scotland's larder at home and
abroad, which will also be key over the next five years, and we are calling upon
UK politicians to consider a more co-ordinated approach to export promotion and
fairness in the supply chain.

"We also urge for the undertaking an urgent review of the UK Government's
decision on CAP convergence monies; as well as looking more closely at what tax
levers could be employed to incentivise best practice in land ownership and
business investment in Scotland.

"We very much look forward to taking our Manifesto for Rural Scotland out to the
regions of Scotland and encourage as many members as possible to attend these
husting events, which will stimulate debate ahead of this important crossroad."

The meeting in the Borders will be held on Thursday, April 16, at The Lodge,
Carfraemill, Lauder,

NFU Scotland members wishing to attend the meeting  at Carfraemill should
contact clare.slipper@nfus.org.uk or 0131 472 4182.

All meetings take place at 7pm for a 7.30pm start.

The venues for the other meetings up and down the country are:  Shawsburn,
Stirling Castle Douglas, Dingwall and Perth.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBBN


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           August 27, 2008 Wednesday

Makles assures KCCI trade delegation to Poland would be fully facilitated

LENGTH: 367 words


KARACHI: Mr. Ireneusz Makles, Consul General of Poland said that it is need of
the hour to accelerate the existing business and trade activities between Poland
and Pakistan and explore further avenues of business and investment
opportunities bilaterally, while visiting KCCI at Karachi .  The Consul General
of Poland, speaking on the occasion said that Poland and Pakistan are enjoying
good business relations. He assured to extend all facilities to the trade
delegation of KCCI which is soon expected to visit Poland , under the lead of
Mr.  Haroon Agar, Vice President, KCCI to accelerate the existing trade &
business relations.

He said that the visit of trade delegation of KCCI to Poland would be more
helpful in expanding trade and commercial ties and further enhance trade
relations in the sectors of textile and leather, rice, surgical instrument,
sports good, oil & gas, mining, chemical, maritime, engineering, heavy machinery
and I.T. He also said that exchange of reciprocal trade delegation would enable
both the countries to learn from each other experiences for exploring new
avenues of trade, business and investment. The Consul General also invited the
business community for investment in land in Poland for development of
agricultural farming and establishing industry.

Mr. Shamsi, President KCCI, speaking on the occasion said that Pakistani
business and trade community may join hands in the Coal based power generation
sector of Poland as Pakistan has rich source of coal at Thar and there are ample
opportunity of joint venture and investment between Poland and Pakistan , where
opportunities are available in Poland . He also described about the event of My
Karachi Exhibition arranged by KCCI in each year since last 5 years and invited
participation of Poland in the forthcoming exhibition in May-June, 2009.

The Consul General expressed his keen interest for Polish participation in My
Karachi Exhibition 2009. Mr. Shamim Ahmed Shamsi, President, KCCI alongwith Mr.
Iftikhar Ahmed Sheikh, Senior Vice President, KCCI Mr. M. Haroon Agar, Vice
President, KCCI, Members Managing Committee and other members of KCCI thanked
the Consul General of Poland upon his visit to KCCI.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2008 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Dayton Review (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 19, 2011

Tax Tips for 2010

BYLINE: Dayton Review staff

LENGTH: 261  words


The 2010 tax year is over but most of us have not started our 2010 returns. For
small business owners as well as farmers, ranchers and other sole-proprietors,
the Affordable Care Act and the Small Business Jobs Act, signed into law in
2010, contain significant tax incentives to help offset health care costs.

The Small Business Jobs Act includes a deduction for sole proprietors' health
care costs on their 2010 tax returns. The self-employed will be able to deduct
their health insurance premiums as a business expense that reduces their
self-employment tax and their income tax for the 2010 tax year (find out more at
http://www.cfra.org/policy/health-care).

Also, small business tax credits in the Affordable Care Act cover up to 35
percent of employees' health care costs for businesses with fewer than 25
employees. These two new laws provide crucial relief for family farmers,
ranchers and mainstreet business owners who have watched their health insurance
premiums double in the last five years.

And there's another tax change on the horizon, the Rural Microbusi-ness
Investment Credit, which helps entrepreneurs by providing a 35 percent
refundable tax credit, up to $10,000, on investment in their business. This tax
provision was introduced by Representatives Ron Kind (D-WI) and Wally Heger
(R-CA) and, if passed, would help rural small businesses lead the nation out of
recession.

So, call your accountant about eligibility for a health care tax incentive, and
then call your Representative and urge their support for the Rural Micro-
business Investment Credit.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DYR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Dayton Review


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chapel Hill News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

County, Carrboro discuss library, farm businesses

BYLINE: Tammy Grubb, The Chapel Hill News (Chapel Hill, N.C.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


Oct. 20--CHAPEL HILL -- The Carrboro Board of Aldermen and county commissioners
found much they could agree on last week but differed on whether agricultural
businesses belong in the rural buffer.

The rural buffer is 37,248 acres surrounding the towns. The people who live
there do not get urban services like trash pickup, and the area is meant to
remain rural in character with very low-density homes.

Orange County officials have proposed a plan that would allow "agricultural
support enterprises," similar to what farmer Bob Nutter was allowed to do years
ago when he established the Maple View Farm Store and the farm's agricultural
center. Other potential uses include large-scale composting, garden centers and
supply stores, microbreweries and bed and breakfast operations.

The changes are meant to support local farms and continued use of the land for
agriculture. The Chapel Hill Town Council could discuss the proposal this fall.
All three governments have to agree to make changes in the rural buffer.

The aldermen have talked about the issue a few times and have some concerns,
Carrboro Mayor Lydia Lavelle told the Orange County Board of Commissioners in a
joint meeting Thursday night. The aldermen suggested a five-year moratorium, so
the community can evaluate the results before making any changes permanent.

The biggest concern is protecting the buffer from changes that might put the
rural character and environment at risk, Aldermen Sammy Slade and Randee Haven
O'Donnell said. Slade said he also would like to hear more from the community
about the plans.

"The list is far more intense and commercial-based than any of us anticipated.
We know that there's interest in the rural buffer for folks to have more cottage
industry-type businesses, but we didn't see anything like that before us," Haven
O'Donnell said. "The sunset clause is giving us time to reflect on ways to
sensibly address a serious change in land use. Once you change that landscape,
you really can't go back."

Carrboro's board is not in complete agreement that a sunset clause is the right
move, Alderwoman Bethany Chaney said.

Commissioners Vice Chairman Earl McKee said a sunset clause could discourage
farmers who own substantial amounts of land from making major business
investments.

"Any of these enterprises that are going to be financially viable require a
substantial amount of investment, and they require an investment over time and
require an expectation to be able to grow," he said. "Ask yourself if (Maple
View farmer) Bob Nutter would have spent a million dollars on those buildings,
plus a couple more million on the processing facility, if he had no idea if he
was going to able to operate past five years or expand that operation."

The issue could come up again at the county's Assembly of Governments meeting in
November with Carrboro, Chapel Hill and Hillsborough.

Grubb: 919-932-8746

___ (c)2014 The Chapel Hill News (Chapel Hill, N.C.) Visit The Chapel Hill News
(Chapel Hill, N.C.) at www.chapelhillnews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141020-CX-County-Carrboro-discuss-library-farm-businesses-1020-20141020

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CX


              Copyright 2014 The Chapel Hill News (North Carolina)


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 16, 1988 Friday
                                  Late Edition

LOW COMMODITY RESERVES RAISE CONCERN;
THE ECONOMY THIS WEEK

BYLINE: Michael Stutchbury

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 742 words


Shrinking domestic stockpiles of key primary commodities threaten to lead to
further haemorrhaging of Australia's trade account despite improved export
prices.

The supply constraints for exports such as wool, wheat, meat, coal and iron ore,
appear largely responsible for the $1.7 billion blow-out in the July current
account deficit with export receipts falling by 12 per cent during the latest
three months.

Combined with the strength of import penetration, this threatens to produce
another big deficit for the August balance of payments, the release of which has
been delayed again by public service work bans.

Already, the Treasurer, Mr Keating, requires the monthly current account
deficits for the rest of 1988-89 to average $700 million to meet his forecast of
a $9.5 billion deficit for the year.

Another monthly deficit of more than $1 billion would seem to put the official
forecast beyond reach and increase pressure on the Reserve Bank to further
tighten credit conditions.

The supply-side export problems are shown by the levelling in the Australian
Mining IndustryCouncil's index of mining production, following five years of
virtually uninterrupted growth which has fuelled a strong expansion in export
volumes.

Production in the June quarter was at the same level as the June quarter last
year.

Much of the June quarter weakness reflects industrial disputes in the coal
industry.

But AMIC argues that the new mine capacity developed during the late 1970s and
early 1980s might be showing early signs of exhaustion.

As well, output of gold and diamond appears to be levelling after accelerating
strongly during the mid-1980s.

Supply-side constraints also are responsible for the Australian Bureau of
Agricultural and Resource Economics' forecast of only a 1 per cent rise in rural
export volumes this year.

Although this year's wheat harvest is expected to rise from around 12 million
tonnes to 14 million tonnes under the incentive of higher prices, the Australian
Wheat Board's stockpiles areat their lowest since the end of the 1982-83
drought.

Similarly, although domestic wool production is forecast to rise to a record 952
kilo-tonnesthis year, the Australian Wool Board has carried over only one
kilo-tonne from last season compared to the previous season's 66 kilo-tonne
carryover.

And the volume of meat exports are set to fall this year as producers rebuild
herds in anticipation of the liberalisation of the Japanese beef market.

The negative short-term impact of this good news is analogous to the rise in
capital good imports in response to the business investment recovery.

The run down in stockpiles could produce a temporary "black hole" on the trade
account before seasonal production builds during 1988-89.

This export weakness would translate into increasing Reserve Bank concern about
the level ofimport penetration and domestic demand, even if much of it reflects
stronger business investment and if the world economy continues to post firm
growth.

The April-May tightening of monetary policy reinforced a modest slowing of the
economy, withnon-farm GDP growing at an annualised rate of 3.1 per cent in the
first half of 1988, comparedto 4.6 per cent in the first six months of 1987.

Job growth also might have eased from the big employment jump during the summer
months.

The problem is that domestic demand, rather than net exports, has taken over as
the engine of growth, rising at an annualised rate of 3.9 per cent in the past
six months.

And the continued growth in job vacancies points to growing shortages of skilled
labour, a danger sign for inflation.

The April-May lift in interest rates aimed to take the heat out of the housing
boom, highlighted by a further six per cent jump in dwelling starts in the June
quarter.

But the semi-official forecast from the Indicative Planning Council for the
Housing Industrythat dwelling starts would peak in the September quarter at
38,500 might prove to be on the low side.

The IPCHI has conceded the annualised rate of 150,000 housing starts which the
June quarter results implied still is below long-term demand.

And building industry specialist, BIS Shrapnel, yesterday claimed the pent up
demand in the housing sector means the rise in unregulated savings bank lending
rates to 14.5 per cent is only modestly dampening the industry.

As well, it noted many smaller, newer banks and non-bank housing lenders had not
matched theincrease in the major savings bank loan rate from 13.5 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Three Graphs: Mining Stocks, Domestic demand, Housing boom

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

Guarantee Fee Rates for Guaranteed Loans for Fiscal Year 2015, etc.

LENGTH: 487  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS):

Action

Notice.
Summary

As set forth in 7 CFR 4279.107, the Agency has the authority to charge an
initial guarantee fee and anannual renewal fee for loans made under the Business
and Industry (B&I) Guaranteed Loan Program. Pursuant to that authority, the
Agency is establishing the renewal fee rate at one-half of 1 percent for the B&I
Guaranteed Loan Program. This rate will apply to all loans obligated in Fiscal
Year (FY) 2015 that are made under the B&I program. As established in 7 CFR
4279.107(b)(1), the amount of the fee on each guaranteed loan will be determined
by multiplying the fee rate by the outstanding principal loan balance as of
December 31, multiplied by the percent of guarantee.

The Agency was authorized by the 2012 Appropriations Bill, and subsequent
Appropriation Acts, to charge a maximum of 3 percent for its guarantee fee for
FYs 2012, 2013, and 2014. The 2015 Appropriations Act does contain a provision
to charge a maximum of 3 percent for its guarantee fee for FY 2015. As such, the
guarantee fee for FY 2015 will be 3 percent.

As set forth in 7 CFR 4279.107(a) and 4279.119(b)(4), each fiscal year, the
Agency shall establish a limit on the maximum portion of B&I guarantee authority
available for that fiscal year that may be used to guarantee loans with a
reduced guarantee fee or guaranteed loans with a guarantee percentage exceeding
80 percent.

Allowing a reduced guarantee fee or exceeding the 80 percent guarantee on
certain B&I guaranteed loans that meet the conditions set forth in 7 CFR
4279.107 and 4279.119 will increase the Agency's ability to focus guarantee
assistance on projects which the Agency has found particularly meritorious. For
reduced guarantee fees, the borrower's business must support value-added
agriculture and result in farmers benefiting financially or must be a high
impact business investment as defined in 7 CFR 4279.155(b)(5) and be located in
rural communities that experience long-term population decline and job
deterioration, remain persistently poor, are experiencing trauma as a result of
natural disaster, or are experiencing fundamental structural changes in its
economic base. For guaranteed loans exceeding 80 percent, such projects must
qualify as a high-priority project (a requirement of 7 CFR 4279.119(b)), scoring
at least 50 points in accordance with 7 CFR 4279.155(b).

Not more than 12 percent of the Agency's quarterly apportioned B&I guarantee
authority will be reserved for loan requests with a reduced fee, and not more
than 15 percent of the Agency's quarterly apportioned guarantee authority will
be reserved for guaranteed loan requests with a guarantee percentage exceeding
80 percent. Once the respective quarterly limits are reached, all additional
loans for that quarter will be at the standard fee and guarantee limits.
Dates

Effective

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock & Land

                                 April 19, 2013

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 302  words


Victoria's 48 regional and rural councils will come together for this weekend's
Regional Victoria Living Expo at the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre
to showcase towns and regions across the State.

Local Government Minister Jeanette Powell joined Deputy Premier and Regional and
Rural Development Minister  Peter Ryan at the opening of the Expo, to meet with
the many regional businesses and councils that are working together to promote
the benefits of life in regional Victoria.

Mrs Powell said local governments were at the forefront of innovation and
investment in regional Victoria.

'The Victorian Coalition Government continues to work with local councils,
businesses and community leaders to encourage people to move to one of the
communities in regional Victoria,' she said.

'With more than 130 exhibitors under the one roof at the Expo, it's easy to
explore what is on offer and help attract new residents, skilled workers,
business and investment to regional Victoria.

'This year's Expo will showcase delicious produce from across the State, an
interactive sports precinct, cultural activities and live entertainment.

'With a range of attractive lifestyle options there is much to tempt
city-dwellers to consider life in regional Victoria.

'The Expo will give Melburnians information to help them decide which regional
location might best suit their future dreams, including education, housing and
career opportunities.

'Visitors to the Expo will find that education and business opportunities are
often equal to those on offer in Melbourne."

The Coalition Government's Good Move campaign and the Regional Victoria Living
Expo showcases Victoria's regions so individuals, families and businesses can
explore everything they need to make their own move to country Victoria.

* Details: www.rdv.vic.gov.au/expo

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             March 22, 2013 Friday

Cypriots couldn't be blamed for staging revolt

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 595 words


The year turned out largely as expected. Gross domestic product (GDP) expanded
by 0.9%. This is the second year in a row that GDP enjoyed annual growth.
Consumer spending on goods and services fell by 0.9%: business investment
spending increased by 1.2% and exports of goods and services expanded by 2.9%.

What does all of this mean? Well, consumer spending continued to be hampered by
factors that all of us consumers can relate to - the ongoing savage fiscal
correction, job losses, pressure on wages, excessive personal debt and a lack of
confidence about the future.

However, the decline in spending in 2012 marks a significant improvement on 2009
and 2011 and, indeed, during the final quarter spending expanded by 1%,
suggesting that the collapse in consumer spending is levelling out.

The growth in business investment spending is not intuitively obvious, given the
lack of credit availability and the ongoing weakness in construction activity.
Indeed output from the building sector declined by 6.6%, but investment in
machinery and equipment expanded by 9.6%. This is largely down to investment in
aircraft and farm machinery. Farmers seem to be amongst the few small businesses
that the banks are willing to lend to. Let's hope they do not get carried away
with farm lending as they did in the late 1970s with disastrous consequences.
Export growth was well down on 2011, largely due to the coming-off patent of
some blockbuster drugs.

While the data released yesterday shows that the domestic economy lifted itself
off the floor in 2012, there is no reason to become complacent about the
challenges ahead for the economy. They are still immense. This was highlighted
by what can only bedescribed as a very difficult week on the international
front. The Cypriot crisis has become farcical as the government, with the
support of the EU, sought to engage in legalised robbery by dipping into
personal deposits.

Thankfully that notion was rejected. It could have led to a revolution and I
wouldn't blame the people of Cyprus. The Cypriot crisis is very, very serious,
and if not handled properly, aggressively and bravely by EU authorities, it
could re-ignite the simmering eurozone debt crisis. That would not be good for
Ireland.

Britain's chancellor of the exchequer presented a very sombre budget, and
presented a very sombre outlook for the UK economy over the next couple of
years. The official forecast for the economy has been revised down to just 0.6%
this year and 1.8% next year. They will do well to achieve even those meagre
growth rates. Interestingly, the chancellor made a number of changes to seek to
boost growth in the economy.

These include a pledge to take the corporation tax rate down to 20% by 2015
(closer to Ireland's); employer national insurance is being reduced for small
business; government mortgage guarantees of  12bn are being provided and the
government is now offering to take an interest-free 20% stake in newly-built
homes in an effort to boost the housing market.

Significantly, he is changing the Bank of England's mandate to require it to
explicitly take account of the trade-off between growth and inflation when times
are tough. These are all desperate measures to seek to offset the serious fiscal
squeeze going on in the economy. Unfortunately from Ireland's perspective, our
most important export market is in the doldrums and is likely to stay there for
the foreseeable future.

Here in Ireland, the best hope seems to be to keep doing what we are doing in
the hope that the external environment will eventually sort itself out.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               December 12, 2014

Collins Booksellers

SECTION: Pg. 35

LENGTH: 388  words


COLLINS Booksellers Kingaroy is now listed for sale with Axis Business Brokers,
the vendors are serious and this is reflected in the asking price, the figure
being little more than buying the stock.

Age and health have dictated to our vendors that it is time to pass the baton to
a new and vibrant operative.

Off farm investment is often viewed sceptically by the rural community but there
are many success stories.

Business broker Peter Fitzpatrick has opened a number of successful businesses
and has a history of financial planning and consulting so he knows what makes a
business different from just a good idea.

"I now sell businesses, not every business, but businesses that meet my matrix
for what constitutes a business and one's that should maintain their momentum
after a seamless transfer of ownerships," Mr Fitzpatrick said.

He said although farmers didn't view businesses as investments they definitely
are.

He is currently selling the well-established business Collins Booksellers in
Kingaroy Shoppingworld and said the business would be a sound investment.

The business has been run under management for many years with the owner's
initial on site full participation is negligible, other than bookkeeping,
negotiating with the Franchisor Group, Landlords and associated businesses.

Highly competent staff easily manages the daily operation. The business is
highly visible within the Kingaroy Shoppingworld Complex and the landlord is
fully aware of the importance this business plays within the tenant mix where
every shopper's wants and needs can be addressed.

Soundly profitable to an owner/operator, great community and business profile, a
Franchisor Group with roots that are over 100 years old, an established client
base that could be easily grown upon and rock solid foundations having been
installed into the South Burnett business sector since 2001.

This is a people business, you talk, you demonstrate, you care, you listen and
you address what your audience want and like.

We all read books, technology is not reducing the feel or passion for books E
Readers are addressed by the Franchise, but they cannot replace the feel, the
smell or the intimacy gained by reading a book.

A full and comprehensive Information memorandum is available for qualified
enquirers from the selling agents for this business.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSB


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                             April 21, 2008 Monday

Small towns show the way on big business

BYLINE:  Peter Harrison

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 450 words


Cities and towns with traditionally strong business links and creative workers
are under threat from growing competition in country areas, according to a new
report.

A study by business analysts Morel Research shows that rural areas including St
Ives in Cornwall and Torridge in Devon - as well as Wales - are "snapping at the
heels" of cities like London and were tipped to be future business "hot spots".

It claims that areas such as Exeter are "sliding down the scale" and many town
centres are beginning to look the same.

Such a claim is likely to cause upset in the county capital where millions of
pounds have been invested in the creation of the Princesshay shopping complex in
the city centre. Exeter had previously been criticised for having very little
variety in its high street.

Meanwhile, rural locations have tended to have more independent retailers,
leading to diverse high streets that are proving to be inspiring to shoppers.

Torridge District Council is looking at a big investment in its area, which
includes Holsworthy and Bideford.

The project is aimed at increasing industry and business investment in the
district.

And to ensure continued interest, the private sector will provide much of the
cash building the sites to match what is needed.

Vanessa Saunders, special projects manager at Torridge District Council, said:
"A large proportion of business in the district is within the small business
area with a lot of companies having just a handful of staff - in many cases no
more than ten. There is a lot of investment in the area and that includes areas
around Bideford, where there will be land set aside for business use.

"But the private sector will build only what it needs on it, preventing the
creation of work units no good to anyone."

Meanwhile in the Holsworthy area, it is looking at creating a rural industries
retail and training area.

While much of the money for this is to come from various public sector agencies,
much will also be provided by the private sector.

The report suggests that professional workers are also leaving cities, which
could also explain the "creativity boom" in regional areas, says the report.

Lucy Hunt, inward investment manager for Cornwall Pure Business, said: "The
success of small towns across the South West, like St Ives and Truro in
Cornwall, demonstrates that you don't have to be in the heart of the city to
have a successful business.

"Cornwall has invested millions in the past ten years to make the county
attractive to entrepreneurs and, as a result, we have seen around a third more
knowledge based businesses relocating here in the last year alone.

"There are so many benefits to basing a business in an inspiring environment
like ours."

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                August 19, 1998

Road jams putting off investors
 Region is not green enough

SECTION: Business & Employment, Pg.23

LENGTH: 214 words


THE East Midlands is missing out on business investment because companies are
being put off by traffic jams and urban sprawl.

A new report by the Council for the Protection of Rural England showed investors
were looking outside the region.

The report, called What You Measure Matters, asked investors how important green
issues - such as traffic congestion and urban development - were to firms
looking to re-locate or set up new centres.

Paul Hamblin, of the CPRE, said the East Midlands and the South East came bottom
of the green league.

Top of the green competitiveness table was the South West.

Mr Hamblin said: "The Government's push to promote the competitiveness of
English regions will do little to improve people's long-term quality of life
unless it embraces the environmental problems of rising traffic levels, urban
sprawl and diminishing rural services.

"The Government is committed to making the English regions more competitive.

"But while ministers rely just on a limited interpretation of the key factors
which make a region competitive, they are missing the wider impacts of economic
development on the environment and people's quality of life.

"The Government needs to recognise that a healthy environment is the foundation
of a sound economy."

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 1998 Nottingham Evening Post


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            February 22, 2010 Monday
                              North Wales Edition

Demand for farm land on increase

BYLINE: MARTIN WILLIAMS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 230 words


FARMLAND in Wales is becoming an attractive investment as demand increases and
supply levels fall, says the latest Rural Market Survey.

The survey, published by the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors, found
landowners' reluctance to sell led to exceptionally low levels throughout the
second half of 2009, with residential land being in the shortest supply.

Those with land are keen to hold on to it and as such very little is coming on
to the market, which is helping to drive up prices.

Demand for residential farmland also started to pick up, with 13% more surveyors
reporting demand rising rather than falling, in stark contrast to the first half
of the year when 25% more reported it to be falling.

Looking forward, this is expected to push up land prices throughout 2010.

RICS Wales director Cathy McLean said: "When prices were rising two years ago it
was mainly being fuelled by hobby farmers, buying up rural retreats with city
bonus money and inflating the market.

"However, these latest results indicate it is now farmers looking to expand and
investors who see it as a viable business or investment class that are fuelling
the rise in demand.

"The fall in supply means the market is exceptionally thin. Those with land are
loath to dispose of it, and those without, or with a limited supply, are keen to
get into the market and capitalise on rising value."

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2010 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Northern Star and Rural Weekly (New South Wales)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

Hill dwellers live the high life;
RICH LIST: Bangalow residents average out as the wealthiest in the region, but
there's not much in it

BYLINE:  HAMISH BROOME

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 320  words

Personal Income (2010-11)

Bangalow:$41,886 Ballina: $41,332 Lennox Head/ Skennars Head:$41,329 Ballina
Region:$39,849

Byron Bay:$39,251 Lismore:$38,841

Goonellabah: $38,840 Lismore Region:$38,691

Evans Head:$36,410 Casino:$35,182

Mullumbimby:$34,838 Kyogle:$33,090

Casino Region:$32,528

By council area:

Ballina: $40,734

Lismore: $38,784

Byron: $37,689

Richmond Valley: $35,020

Kyogle: $32,640

BANGALOW has been crowned king when it comes to our region's earners, topping
the latest Australian Bureau of Statistics charts for personal incomes.

The figures were obtained by the ABS from the Australian Tax Office for the
2010-11 financial year, and include breakdowns of personal income from wages and
salaries, unincorporated businesses, investments, superannuation and annuities.

Not far below Bangalow's silvertails were the coastal folk in Ballina and Lennox
Head/Skennars Head, who earned an average per annum of $41,332 and $41,329
respectively in that year.

But these top three areas were the only ones in the Richmond with average
earnings more than $40,000.

Regional Ballina and Byron Bay were nipping at the heels of the 40k mark, with
$39,849 and $39,251 respectively

At the other end of the wealth spectrum was the rural region surrounding Casino,
whose residents earned $32,528, and Kyogle, on $33,090.

The Lismore region - both urban and rural - came in at a respectable average of
$38,784, but was still trumped by areas closer to the coast.

The only coastal areas that fell short of their hinterland cousins were
Mullumbimby on $34 838 and Evans Head on $36,410.

But Bangalow's modest income of $41,886 was a far cry from big-city earners,
where average incomes in affluent suburbs topped $100,000.

In Sydney's Eastern Suburbs - which includes Double Bay, Dover Heights, Bondi
and Vaucluse - the average income was $105,828.

In Double Bay and Bellevue Hill, one of the richest postcodes in the country, it
sat on $141,544.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LNS


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 11, 2002 Monday
                                  Late Edition

The great divide getting worse

BYLINE: John Cherry.Senator John Cherry is the Australian Democrats spokesperson
for Regional Development and Services.

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 684 words


Regional Australia needs to share in the economic boom, argues John Cherry.

The latest national accounts show great strength in the economy. Underlying the
1.3 per cent growth for the December quarter coming at a time when most of the
world was in a post-September 11 contraction was consumer and business
investment confidence.

However, this confidence is not nationwide. Australia is fast developing a
two-track economy. Despite improved annual returns on many rural commodities,
the gap between urban and rural Australia continues to grow.

The most recent employment data released last week by the Federal Department of
Employment shows that in the year to December, employment in Australia's five
major capital cities rose by 1.34 per cent but, in the same period, employment
in the rest of Australia fell 0.1 per cent.

In NSW, people living in Newcastle are twice as likely to be unemployed as those
in Sydney.

In Queensland, people living in Bundaberg, Maryborough or the Sunshine Coast are
50 per cent more likely to be unemployed than Brisbane residents.

In Victoria, those in Ballarat, Bendigo or Latrobe Valley are also 50 per cent
more likely to be unemployed than people in Melbourne.

Australia is failing to deliver equality of economic opportunity to all its
citizens. Monetary and banking policy is increasingly derived to suit the
dominant economy, that of the big five some say the big two cities.

The prosperity of our cities ignores the growing gap between urban and rural.

Australia is not the first country to have experienced this phenomenon. The
European Union has long recognised that regional development policies equalising
economic opportunity need to be a central tenet of its policies on European
integration. A third of the EU's budget is now spent on regional development, on
which much of the economic progress of countries like Ireland and Portugal are
heavily reliant.

In the US, this debate is also well advanced. The Democrat-backed Senate version
of a farm bill emphasises rural and regional development, including grant and
loan programs for rural businesses, funding for broadband access, a major new
investment in farm-based renewable energy projects and support for expansion of
rural co-operatives.

Australia is the least densely populated Organisation for Economic Co-operation
and Development country, with the highest urban concentration. Yet we offer
probably the weakest incentives for regional development of possibly any OECD
country, especially at a federal level.

The Democrats want to see the economic playing field made fairer for the
regions, removing the tilt that is pushing more and more economic opportunities
into our big cities.

Access to finance must be part of that. Despite Australia boasting the highest
business lending rates of any major industrialised country and falling
employment levels in many regions, our next major interest rate movement is
likely to be upwards in response to growth in the cities.

Australia needs a government-funded regional development bank targeted at
providing expansion finance for small- and medium-sized enterprises in regional
areas.

Superannuation funds should also be encouraged to invest more heavily in
economic opportunities in regional areas.

Many regions complain that super contributions become a net drain on their area
when fund managers decide to invest elsewhere.

The Democrats also favour a US-style scheme providing jobs tax credits to
businesses prepared to relocate or expand into areas of high unemployment. This
would be a real incentive to end the drain of jobs from country areas into the
cities.

Environmental industries offer real scope for expansion in the regions, with the
development of renewable energy industries being a potential revenue stream for
regional Australia given our extensive solar, wind and biomass opportunities.

Equalising economic opportunity across the nation must be made the key priority
of regional development policy. Failure to do this will allow the wealth gap
between city and country Australia to keep growing, creating a risk of
underlying social tension and disharmony.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: In the year to December, employment in rural areas fell 0.1 per
cent while it rose 1.34 per cent in the cities. Photo: JESSICA SHAPIRO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2002 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                              July 3, 2009 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

A desire to minimise tax risk can be painful

BYLINE: JOHNCRANAGE

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 596 words


Don't be drawn into "pulp fiction" when it comes to investing in woodland and
forestry schemes, a Midland financial adviser has warned.

Will Self says unwary individuals who base their strategy on the desire to
minimise tax risk have to learn a painful lesson.

"Clearly understand what you are investing in, ensure the rewards you are
seeking are commensurate with the risks you are adopting, maintain a longterm
approach and take advice only from a professional whose interests are aligned
with yours, not with those of the product provider," the managing director of
Stratford firm Self Financial Planners said. "It's an old story, but a true one.
The rest is just pulp fiction."

Mr Self's comments follow the collapse of Australian agricultural investment
groups Great Southern and Timbercorp owing creditors billions of dollars and
leaving tens of thousands out of pocket.

Both operated so-called managed schemes that packaged forests, horticultural
products and cattle as investment products and sold them to retail investors.

These schemes proved popular with many Australian investors because they
provided generous tax breaks that the government allowed as a way of channelling
investment capital to rural businesses. The investments were marketed to
investors through accountants and financial planners, who received incentives
from the company sponsors in the form of generous commissions, sometimes of up
to 18 per cent.

"But when the world recession hit it all came down like a pack of cards," Mr
Self said. Timbercorp was felled with net debts of A$903 million and 18,500
investors were affected, while Great South-ercollapsed owing up to A$4 billion
to more than 43,000 individual investors.

Mr Self pointed out that the UK has similar tax breaks on woodland and forestry
while Enterprise Investment Schemes and Venture Capital Trusts "all fall into
the same bracket".

"I am not saying these are likely to fail in the same way the Australian
companies have, but I do believe investors need to be careful," he said.

"It highlights some long standing lessons which need to be remembered.

"Firstly, when you make your priority in choosing one investment over another
its success in minimising tax rather than maximising after-tax return, you are
failing to see the wood for the trees, so to speak. You end up with investments
that are not about the success or failure of the underlying business, but about
the ability of the promoters to milk the system for tax advantage. And that tax
advantage is always liable to disappear if the government changes the rules.

"Secondly, there are risks in taking a short-term approach to investment. In
most cases, the people putting money into these schemes in Australia were
focused principally on making an endof-the-financial-year tax problem go away.
Thirdly, when you accept recommendations on investments from people motivated by
the substantial commissions they receive, you increase the risk of being put
into a scheme that is inappropriate for your own particular circumstances.

"No matter how much these facilitators say they have their clients' best
interests at heart, the fact is the conflicts of interest are so entrenched
their advice cannot but fail to be compromised.

"Finally, it is a good rule of thumb when making any investment to ensure you
understand what it is you are committing your hard earned money to."" When you
make your priority in choosing one investment over another its success in
minimising tax rather than maximising aftertax return, you are failing to see
the wood for the trees

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  It's obviously a popular form of investment. Branches everywhere....

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 7, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

UNDER FIRE: A PROVEN, THRIFTY ALTERNATIVE TO ENTERPRISE

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 561 words


To the Editor:

The President's proposals for a ''Free Market War on Poverty'' (Week in Review
March 28) are uninformed. A successful Federal program that provides extensive
business assistance for designated urban neighborhoods and larger rural areas
already exists. More than 30 such zones are now operating.

his tested program includes the venture capital that observers agree is needed
and that the Reagan proposals omit. It has a welldocumented record of attracting
considerable additional capital, including substantial private equity and debt
for business investments.

The program's employment-generating effects have been especially impressive. Its
costs have been about one-sixth of the sums the Administration expects to
forfeit for its ''enterprise zones.''

What I am describing is a system of administrative and capital assistance for
local Community Development Corporations, or C.D.C.'s. It dates back to 1966,
when New York Senators Jacob Javits and Robert Kennedy introduced it on the
basis of their experience with the Bedford-Stuyvesant Restoration Corporation.
It is authorized in current law as the Community Services Act of 1981, a section
of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act passed last summer. Previously the
program was included in Title VII of the now-defunct Economic Opportunity Act.

Despite this program's outstanding record of public performance, it is not
faring well under President Reagan.

First the Administration fired everyone in the Government who had any
responsibility for it. The authorities have been forced to bring a few of these
persons back, because Congress plainly intends that the program of support for
C.D.C.'s should be continued, but its already minuscule funding has been cut in
half, and no effort is being made to maintain any continuity with the
communities and grantees that the program worked with for its first 15 years.

The result is that a Federal operation that until recently was a rare example of
a program with some genuine merit has been made into a shambles.

Just about everyone who has ever looked at C.D.C.'s has concluded that they are
effective devices for improving economic conditions in disadvantaged areas.
Unlike enterprise zones, whose sole direct beneficiaries would be businesses
that are sufficiently well established to be interested in tax credits, the
C.D.C. approach routes much smaller amounts of aid to community-based investment
corporations.

Perhaps it is this principle of community control of economic development that
the President distrusts. Or perhaps it is merely the fact that enterprise zones
are the current trendy concept offered up by Mr. Reagan's ideological pals, so
that competing ideas need to be swept under the rug.

It is outrageous for the Administration to tout the dubious virtues of
enterprise zones when a proven program is available that does the job at a
fraction of the costs.  RICHARD A. ELLIS Lovettsville, Va., March 30, 1982 The
writer has been a professional evaluator of Federal programs since 1968.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                       March 27, 2017 Monday 7:36 PM GMT

Wales releases £223m for EU-funded projects on eve of Article 50;
Welsh Government decision will deliver funds for rural areas that some feared
might be lost following the Brexit vote

BYLINE: By Andrew Forgrave

SECTION: NEWS; Version:1

LENGTH: 420 words


Wales is to commit its final tranche of EU funding for rural areas - the day
before the UK Government triggers Article 50.

With post-EU negotiations due to start tomorrow, theWelsh Governmenthas
signalled it will deliver £223m under theRural Development Programme (RDP)
2014-2020.

The funding, a combination of Welsh Government and EU money, means a wide range
of rural schemes can now re-open for applications.

These include the Farm Business Grant, Glastir Advanced, Food Business
Investment Scheme, Co-operation and Supply Chain Development, Glastir Woodland
Creation and Rural Community Development Fund.

Glastir Advanced 2018: 340 contracts worth £54,000 each up for grabs

Farming unions had been pressing for a commitment on RDP funding so that
landowners and food producers can shape their businesses accordingly.

Clarity on future funding arrangements was a key issue raised during Brexit
"Round Table" meetings set up by rural affairs secretary Lesley Griffiths after
the EU referendum.

She made the decision to fully commit the remaining EU element of the funding,
totalling £126.3m, after the UK Government guaranteed funding for all projects
signed before the UK leaves the EU.

Fear of exodus from Welsh uplands as hill lamb trade falters

Previously, the Chancellor had only guaranteed to finance projects signed before
the 2016 Autumn Statement.

The Welsh Government will also provide £96.4m.

Mrs Griffiths saidother funding arrangements, previously supported by the EU,
were still very much up in the air.

She said: "Tomorrow promises to be a significant day for Wales and the UK, when
the prospect of a future outside the EU starts to become very much a reality.

Brexit for bees needed as foreign strains dilute purity of Welsh honeybees

"It also signals the official start of a period of uncertainty for all involved
in Wales' rural communities.

"We still don't know what the future landscape will look like but we are
pressing the UK Government to honour the commitment made during the referendum
campaign that we will not lose out on money we would otherwise have received
from the EU."

Welsh dairy incomes crash to 13-year low but 2016-17 was a better year for Welsh
beef and sheep farms

Mrs Griffiths said a series ofRound Table meetingsand workshops, involving
representatives from across her rural affairs portfolio, had enabled her
department to examine the implications of Brexit in a "joined-up way".

"The discussions have been invaluable in identifying how we should plan for a
future outside the EU," she added.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2017 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                                 July 01, 2015

Petrol Africa Takes Fuel to Rural Communities

LENGTH: 428 words


PETROL Africa (PA) has embarked on a programme to set up medium service stations
in rural areas in a bid to provide services to the communities throughout the
country.

Last Friday the deputy minister of Mines and Energy Kornelia Shilunga opened one
of such service stations owned under franchise by Nicky Shikongo at Oshaango
village in the Eenhana constituency of the Ohangwena region.

She said medium service stations are classic examples of business and investment
models located in rural areas, which entail low initial capital outlay and low
operation and maintenance costs but does not compromise basic health, safety and
environmental aspects.Shilunga said the rural agricultural sector is a large
untapped potential market for diesel and the industry should make efforts to
develop and grow this market to ensure economic viability in these underserviced
remote areas.

"I want to give my assurance that my ministry takes note of these issues and
that they will be addressed," said Shilunga who added that overal demand for
energy is set to continue growing in Namibia and oil is expected to maintain its
pole position in providing the country's energy needs for the foreseeable
future.

Shilunga revealed that it is estimated that by 2030, developing countries will
consume, on average, about five times less oil per person than developed
countries.

Shilunga says the total world stock of cars is expected to rise from 700 million
in 2005 to 1,2 billion by 2030 and the global volume of commercial vehicles is
anticipated to more than double.

"This indicates that is an opportune time to make fuel much more accessible to
ordinary people countrywide and today's occasion answers to that call," Shilunga
said.

Petrol Africa managing director, Isaiah Kavendjii, told the gathering that the
company had decided to assist rural communities with fuel by putting up medium
service stations in their areas.

He said the company had already put up such service stations in the central
north area. He said one had been built at Okankolo settlement in the Okankolo
constituency, another at Elambo settlement in the Eengodi constituency of
Oshikoto region and the third at Okongo in Ohangwena region. The next one will
be constructed at Oushake in Ohangwena region soon, he said.

According to Kavendjii, the company will continue constructing service stations
in all rural areas of Namibia.

Pastor Wilhelm Amakali of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia said the
Oshaango community was grateful to Petrol Africa and Nicky Shikongo who together
decided to put up the service station.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

DARD launches Whole Farm Needs Assessment

LENGTH: 534  words


DARD has this week launched a survey called the Whole Farm Needs Assessment
(WFNA) to help them assess the type and level of government support needed by
farmers to meet their business objectives and will aid design of DARD's proposed
Farm Business Improvement Scheme (FBIS).

Completing this WFNA survey will also help farmers prepare for any future
application process as it will give them an opportunity to assess their business
needs and to make a plan for farm improvement projects in advance of any scheme
opening.

The Farm Business Improvement Scheme is part of the NI Rural Development
Programme 2014-2020 and was a key recommendation of the Agri-Food Strategy
Board's Going for Growth Report.

Up to £250 million has been allocated to this overarching scheme over the NIRDP
funding period and it is made up of a number of different schemes that primarily
aim to improve competitiveness of farm businesses and includes support for
training, innovation, knowledge transfer and capital investment.

While the outline shape of the Farm Business Improvement Scheme and it's various
schemes will largely be dictated by the EU Rural Development Regulation, DARD
are hoping that this Whole Farm Needs Assessment exercise will help them to more
accurately assess the need and demand for support and to help better inform and
design the detail around the proposed FBIS.

One of the key elements of the proposed Farm Business Improvement Scheme is a
Farm Business Investment Scheme which will be a capital grants scheme of
potentially up to £200m for equipment and construction type projects.  This
element is seen to be particularly important for local farms and there has been
considerable interest in this already.

The Ulster Farmers' Union see the Whole Farm Needs Assessment as a vital
exercise for both farmers planning to invest in the future and for DARD and are
encouraging all farmers who are genuinely considering investments in their
businesses over the next few years to complete the survey.

The WFNA is not an application for funding and will not affect any future
applications for funding but it will help farmers to think about what future
support might be available and help them to start planning potential projects by
considering their own needs and then issues such as finance, business plans and
planning permission which are likely to be key requirements before any future
applications for capital grants can be progressed.

The survey has been tested through farmer focus groups and is not particularly
onerous and should not take long to complete but has been shown to be a very
useful and positive exercise for both farmers and DARD.

While the development of the Farm Business Improvement Scheme is progressing and
this WFNA will help to further develop schemes, it is important to note that
approval for the scheme through the NIRDP is still required from the EC and a
business case will have to be approved by the Department of Finance.

However, it is hoped that both are formalities and that the Farm Business
Improvement Scheme will be able to be rolled out later on this year.

The WFNA survey can be found at www.dardni.gov.uk and must be completed and
returned to DARD by 3rd April 2015.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           September 9, 2008 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Threats to food security

SECTION: FOCUS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 947 words


The Consultative Implementation and Monitoring Council (CIMC) as a vehicle of
regular consultation between government, private sector and the wider community
tries to address key economic and social issue. the council is funded by the PNG
Government and AusAID.

Yesterday we covered service delivery in rural areas and agriculture and its
recommendations. We continue with Food Security.

Food Security

Potential threats to food security were highlighted, including problems
accessing markets, production and farming systems, requiring more concerted
research effort on agricultural and soil stress from increased cropping and
potential labour shortages, notably from HIV/AIDS.

National Agricultural Research Institute gave a sharp warning of the impact of
global warming and increased drought and proposed a series of interventions
needed now.

Recommendations:

26. Stop focusing on Government handouts.

27. Set Food Security as priority in NADP

28. Government to raise awareness of Food Security, develop a suitable policy
(with effective consultation) and implement it, down to the LLG level.

29. Resource women in agriculture programs reaching LLGs.

30. Raise awareness at community level about land management for sustainable
farming systems.

31. Improve extension services to LLG level.

32. Improve information networks and co-ordinate awareness activities among
agencies.

33. Research (including cash and food crop diversification) requires effective
delivery systems.

34. Promote downstream processing, including with improving access to finance,
training and appropriate technology.

35. Encourage organic farming (where market prospects) and provide suitable
support;

36. Assist urban gardening with land, research, extension and micro-finance;

37. Reduce domestic transport costs, notably for food from the Highlands.

38. Encourage local production to replace food imports.

39. Establish an efficient marketing infrastructure for local produce roads,
transport, processing equipment, and training with consideration for incentive;

40. Improve awareness/knowledge of drought resistant crops and drought coping
strategies, with better links between research institutions and extension
services.

41. Establish water storage and conservation strategies and implement in
villages.

42. Establish food and maintain germplasm banks.

43. Investigate production of animal feed using local crops.

Long Term Agriculture Development

In line with the Governments planned Long Term Development Strategy (LTDS)
2010-2050, develop a long-term agriculture development strategy (LTADS) to
ensure sector focus and resources and minimise negative impacts of the
ongoing/potential boom from extractive industries on other sectors, notably
agriculture.

Recommendations:

44. Performance grants tied to performance indicators for improvement in
Agriculture Sector.

45. Green Revolution policy reviewed in 2008 with wide stakeholder consultation
to ensure more tangible prospective application and impact;

46. The Petroleum/Energy Dep-artment to lead formulating a National Policy for
Alternative Fuels, involving wide stakeholder consultation;

47. Establish a LTADS Task Force, including DAL, business sector including RIC,
NARI, FPDA, agri-business, DNPM, Treasury and Departments of Prime Minister,
Transport, Works and provincial and local government with wide consultation;

48. Funding/technical support provided for formulating the LTADS in 2009.

Private Sector Growth

The removal of impediments to business and investment was emphasised, notably: -
law and order problems (including corruption); poor infrastructure, utilities
and telecommunications; excessive red-tape (including Personnel Management and
the budget enabling critical technical staff appointments to overcome
bottlenecks, (for example, for work permits and migration).

Practical mechanisms are required for private sector to work with government in
providing services, training, planning and oversight of service functions.
Developing an effective publicprivate partnerships framework was considered
valuable.

Presentation of a private dector growth strategy vonceptual gramework by the
Secretary for Commerce and Industry was welcomed.

Recommendations:

49. Priorities to be given to promoting a dynamic private sector, with private
sector needs ignored for too long.

50. Improve infrastructure, law and order and basic services.

51. Free and fair competition through watchdog process such as ICCC, Ombudsman
Commission and Auditor Generals offices.

52. Public, private partnership effective system of establishing partnership if
transparently managed;

53. Private sector representation in public bodies, boards and councils, must be
appointed on merit, not through cronysim.

54. Skills development provide public training institutions and private training
to meet required standards for businesses.

55. Revive the national working group on removing Impediments to Business and
Investment.

56. Wider consultation needed for the development of a comprehensive private
sector growth strategy.

57. Promote Small and Medium Enterprise development review and update SME
Policy.

58. Development of an international trade policy for PNG.

59. A legislative framework is required and this must be prescriptive and
similar to the performance management framework, and included in the Budget, for
promoting commerce and trade.

60. Appropriate public investment needed, with attention to opportunities for
increased (domestic or foreign) private investment.

61. Support the development and adoption of the National Policy on Informal
Economy.

Law and order was the other major component that was discussed with
recommendations made. This will come in the third and final part of this series.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

Sarawak SCORE-s big with investors

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 333 words


KUCHING: Rich natural resources, strategic location, rapid economic development
and easy access to foreign markets continue to make Sarawak attractive to local
and international investors.

Works Minister Datuk Seri Fadillah Yusof said the state was one of the top
contributors to foreign direct investments (FDIs), which was recorded at RM8.4
billion last year.

He said the growth was attributed to investments in energy-intensive industries
in the Sarawak Corridor of Renewable Energy (SCORE), particularly from Japan,
China and South Africa.

"Sarawak will continue to attract more foreign and domestic investors despite
facing challenges in sustaining economic growth due to factors such as the lack
of infrastructure," he said at the 2nd Sarawak Business and Investment Summit
themed "Sarawak Rises: Driving Diversified Growth" here yesterday.

He said infrastructure investments were vital for the movement of goods,
services and the people.

In relation to that, Fadillah said the construction sector in Sarawak was
expected to double its growth to 10 per cent or RM2.6 billion in the next five
years. Since 2010, the sector recorded a growth of 11 per cent each year, with a
contribution of RM3.7 billion this year.

He said the state had been at the centre of major infrastructure development by
the government through initiatives, such as SCORE, Pan-Borneo Highway and Baleh
Hydroelectric projects.

"These projects by the Federal Government have improved the people's standard of
living, especially for those in rural areas, with major improvements in roads,
water and electricity," said Fadillah.

He said as of last year, 82 per cent of houses in rural areas had access to
water supply, as compared with 59 per cent in 2009.

By the end of the 10th Malaysian Plan (RMK-10), he said, it was hoped that water
supply would be made available to 99 per cent of households in Sarawak.

"Electricity in rural areas has improved, with 91 per cent of households
enjoying electricity supply as of last year."

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  COURIER MAIL

                          February 15, 2006 Wednesday
                          First with the news Edition

Lifestyle beats pay for many country people

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 565  words


WHILE Queensland is Australia's most decentralised mainland state, with more
than 35 per cent of residents living in regional, rural and remote areas, most
of its extraordinary population growth driven by interstate migration is centred
in and around Brisbane, the Gold Coast and the Sunshine Coast. In contrast, the
problems of economic stagnation, dwindling populations and acute skills
shortages in rural and regional areas are deeply entrenched. Two comprehensive
new studies released yesterday by the Central Queensland University not only
offer fresh insights into how and why people decide where to live and work --
they underline the importance of social capital if long-term decline in the west
is to be reversed. The first study surveyed people in Rockhampton, Blackwater
and Brisbane about what would influence them to stay put or to move to western
Queensland, the Bowen Basin, coastal Queensland or semi-rural southeast
Queensland. The second, complementary study gives all levels of government as
well as planners and business pertinent information about the importance of
services and infrastructure if regional and rural communities are to attract
existing and potentially new residents, including migrants.

At first glance, the problem of attracting workers from Brisbane to western
Queensland appears intractable. The average Brisbane resident would want a pay
increase of more than $100,000 a year to consider such a move. This, however, is
only one aspect of a wider story. Higher income, for instance, was less of a
consideration for Blackwater and Rockhampton residents, who were more inclined
to consider the availability of jobs for family members and health and education
services when deciding where they would like to live. The report even suggested
that if moving meant a significant improvement in the level of services
available, then some people might even accept a reduction in pay.

Like previous studies comparing thriving Queensland towns with those in decline,
the CQU studies underline that social capital is the lifeblood of smaller
centres, and that it requires a combination of government-provided
infrastructure and services, business investment and a sense of belonging
fostered by community leaders and groups. While businesses in towns struggling
with skills shortages desperately need to be able to train and retain staff, a
single focus on job creation and business conditions will not be enough to
ensure the presence of a workforce. In an environment where skilled workers are
at a premium, western and regional Queensland economies will heavily rely on
families' and individuals' judgment that access to retail, health, education,
housing, entertainment and recreational opportunities is adequate. The social
infrastructure study has also found that citizens are prepared to shoulder a
slightly greater share of the tax burden in order to secure such services.

Ad hoc, short-term thinking will not be enough to draw some of Queensland's
burgeoning population westwards. However, the CQU insights suggest that
effective regional planning would be the most promising way forward.

Responsibility for election comment is taken by David Fagan,41 Campbell St,
Bowen Hills, Qld 4006. Printed and published by Queensland Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
(ACN 009 661 778)A full list of our editors, with contact details, is available
at thecouriermail.com.au/editors.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             March 9, 2010 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Investment pushes up land prices

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 381 words


FARMLAND in Wales is becoming an attractive investment as demand increases and
supply levels fall, says the latest Rural Market Survey published by the Royal
Institution of Chartered Surveyors.

The survey found landowners are keen to hold on to it and prices are rising as a
result.

Demand for residential farmland has also started to pick up and the call for
commercial land continues to grow as investors view farmland as a stable
resource - prices have remained resilient throughout the recession.

RICS says established farmers are also looking to capitalise on rising livestock
prices and greater optimism on prospects for agriculture by acquiring land close
by to expand existing operations. This is expected to push up land prices
throughout 2010.

RICS Wales director Cathy McLean said: "When prices were rising two years ago it
was mainly being fuelled by hobby farmers, buying up rural retreats with city
bonus money and inflating the market. However, these latest results indicate
that it is now farmers looking to expand and investors who see it as a viable
business or investment class that are fuelling the rise in demand."

Ms McLean said interest rates are expected to remain low for the foreseeable
period, which means there is likely to be increasing interest in farmland from
non-commercial buyers seeking higher returns on alternative assets.

"The fall in supply means that the market is exceptionally thin with surveyors
expecting such market conditions to persist which in turn will help drive prices
during 2010," she said.

"Those with land are loath to dispose of it, and those without, or with a
limited supply, are keen to get into the market and capitalise on its rising
value. Couple this with the fact that farmers are increasingly optimistic about
the outlook for agriculture and suddenly an investment in either pasture or
arable land is a very attractive prospect."

James Andrews of Llywelyn Humphreys, Carmarthen, said a number of good sized
farms were sold in West Wales over the last six months. "This supply has now
virtually dried up and there are still purchasers actively seeking farms," he
added.

Gareth Lloyd of Watts &Morgan, Cowbridge, said purchasers were viewing land as
"a better investment than other shares or commercial property".

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Economic rebound fails to satisfy state's high hopes - GROWTH - - QUEENSLAND
BUDGET -

BYLINE: JAMIE WALKER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 692  words


QUEENSLAND has scaled back predictions of ``zero to hero'' economic growth on
the back of last year's flood and cyclone disasters, highlighting the
vulnerability of assumptions that continue to underpin the Newman government's
budget.

Growth for 2011-12 came in at a strong 4 per cent, but short of the 5 per cent
trumpeted last year by Anna Bligh's Labor outfit before its election defeat.

A rebound in the local housing market was supposed to help push growth to a
tearaway 5.25 per cent this financial year. However, Treasurer Tim Nicholls said
it would remain at 4 per cent for 2012-13 despite a massive surge in business
investment for the emergent coal-seam gas industry.

``The recovery in 2011-12 has not been as big or as broad-based as we would like
or indeed need,'' Mr Nicholls admitted.

The budget papers reveal that Queensland's traditional growth engines of rising
population and construction failed to fire as the high Australian dollar weighed
on tourism, overseas student enrolments and manufacturing exports.

This was offset by good growing conditions on the land, which boosted rural
exports to record highs, and the 42.3 per cent surge in business investment
attached to the construction of CSG pipelines and terminals in central
Queensland as well as coalmine expansion.

The state's population would grow by a modest 1.75 per cent this financial year
and in 2013-14, before hitting 2 per cent in 2015-16. This was mainly due to the
slowing of migration from abroad and contrasted to the pre-global financial
crisis of 2.9 per cent population growth in 2008-09.

Mr Nicholls warned that employment recovery would be ``softer'' than forecast,
with the jobless rate pegged at about 6 per cent, nearly a percentage point
above the national average. ``The weaker outlook for the labour market is also
expected to result in more subdued inflation and wage outcomes,'' he told state
parliament.

Jobs growth would remain below average at about 0.75 per cent -- or 15,000
positions -- in 2012-13, while the labour force participation rate fell to a
six-year low, reflecting an increase in the number of people who had given up
looking for work, especially in retail and construction.

Growth in property stamp duty and other transfer taxes was expected to be a
modest 6 per cent, down from the 22 per cent that swelled state coffers before
the GFC. But Queensland's 4 per cent growth rate was second only to Western
Australia and nearly double that forecast for NSW.

Defending the forecasts, Mr Nicholls said: ``There are a number of factors that
could play into both the revenue and expense side of our estimates, but we
believe the estimates are fair estimates; we think that they are reasonable.

``We have revised them down in terms of transfer duty, we have taken a
conservative view in relation to coal revenue that we anticipate. So we are
reasonably confident that those estimates are as effective and accurate as they
can be. But if something unforeseen, unexplained happens we will obviously have
to review it at that time.''

Mr Nicholls said a dollar above parity with the greenback had ``dampened''
services exports in Queensland. Interstate tourists fell as the exchange rate
made overseas travel cheaper for Australians, though greater interest from China
and other emerging Asian destinations prevented a fall in overseas visitor
nights.

The European sovereign debt crisis, and jitters over China continued to weigh
heavily on the Queensland economy, he said.

AT A GLANCE

* Fiscal deficit of $10.76bn for 2012-13, to fall to $3.75bn in 12 months.

* 14,000 public service positions to go, costing $800m in redundancy payments.

* Coal royalty jumps from current level of 10 per cent to up to 15 per cent for
ore priced above $100 a tonne.

* Fiscal surplus of $652m in 2014-15.

* Net savings of $7.8bn through "fiscal repairs measures" aimed at restoring
lost AAA rating.

* Campbell Newman's election promises delivered at a net cost to budget of $63m
over four years.

WINNERS:

* Motorists benefiting from a freeze in car registration costs

* Homebuyers eligible for $15,000 first-home owner construction grant

LOSERS

* Public servants

* Coalminers

* The arts

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              April 3, 1995 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Treasurer admits pace of recovery difficult to gauge

BYLINE: STEPHEN ELLIS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 410 words


THE Federal Government was finding it increasingly difficult to gauge the pace
of the economy and to frame forecasts, the Treasurer said following the release
of Friday's December quarter national accounts.

He believed the 0.4 per cent rise in GDP in the quarter would eventually be
revised upwards, although growth was clearly below the 5.8 per cent in the year
to September.

He had asked the Australian Bureau of Statistics to review the way it gathered
data on business investment, following large revisions in recent quarters which
revealed an investment surge had been under way for over two years.

The latest national accounts made the Budget process even more difficult: "It's
always been very difficult for us to forecast the future. It's becoming even
more difficult to interpret the history of what's been actually happening."

Most private forecasters pitched their December quarter predictions too high by
underestimating the extent of the decline in consumer spending, while the
fall-off in business investment growth also caught some by surprise.

The income measure of the economy, which grew 0.4 per cent in the quarter, was
dragged down by a rise of only 1 per cent in total wages. Allowing for a 1.4 per
cent increase in the number of wage earners, average wages fell 0.3 per cent.

A feature of the accounts was continued strong growth in non-farm market-sector
productivity, which rose 1 per cent in the three months to be 3.8 per cent up
over the year before. This measure of output per hour has been growing near 1
per cent each quarter for the past six quarters.

In the production-based measure of economic activity, another sharp fall for the
rural sector (down 5.2 per cent seasonally adjusted in the December quarter and
20.7 per cent in the year) and a 3.4 per cent fall in business and property
services were

the main drags on growth.

Construction activity fell 1.4 per cent in the quarter and is now up only 4.4
per cent in the year, while spending in the new category of hotels, cafes and
restaurants fell 0.6 per cent in the three months but is 9.1 per cent up on a
year ago.

On the positive side, manufacturing production rose 1.5 per cent and was 11.1
per cent higher. Wholesale trade rose 2.4 per cent and was up 15.3 per cent on
December 1993.

The household savings ratio fell to 3.4 per cent, from 3.6 per cent in
September. The imports-to-sales ratio continued to climb, touching a new peak of
25.9 per cent, while the profit share also rose.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Four Graphs: Investment softening? - Equipment and total gross fixed
capital expenditure. Source: ABS 5206.0 Growth slows - but this fast? GDP(A),
seas adj at average 89/90 prices. Source: ABS 5206.0 Working through the drought
- Agriculture, mining and manufacturing, sectoral growth (s.a) Source: ABS
5206.0 Spending outruns production - GNE and GNP (E), seas adj. Source: ABS
5206.0

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1995 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Fiscal Cliff Agreement Contains Two-Year Extension of EZ Bonds

BYLINE: Jennifer DePaul

SECTION: TAXATION Vol. 122 No. 6

LENGTH: 432  words


Hidden away in the fiscal cliff agreement is a two-year extension of empowerment
zone tax incentives, including finance authority for enterprise zone bonds.

All federally designated empowerment zones expired at the end of 2011 but have
been extended twice, including most recently in the fiscal cliff agreement,
passed by Congress on New Years Day. The provision would extend bond authority
for those empowerment and enterprise zones with unused bond allocations.

The Joint Committee on Taxation estimated that the two-year extension of the EZ
tax incentives program would cost $450 million over 10 years.

Congress created empowerment zones in 1993 and the Department of Housing and
Urban Development designated six urban and three rural empowerment zones. In
1999, HUD designated 20 additional empowerment zones, 15 urban and five rural.

The EZ bond program applies to manufacturers, retailers and any service that
operates in an empowerment zone. Under federal tax law, only $60 million of
these bonds can be issued in designated rural zone areas, $130 million in urban
areas with a population less than 100,000 and $230 million in urban areas with a
population of at least 100,000.

There is a laundry list of requirements that an issuer must meet in order to
finance a building including, at least 35% of the employees of an EZ business
must reside within the EZ. And at least 50% of the total gross income of an EZ
business must be derived from the active conduct of the business.

The overall goal of the empowerment zone tax incentives was to stimulate job
creation and retention and to stimulate business investment in buildings and
equipment within distressed communities, according to HUD.

However, most of the bond authority in the empowerment zones have gone unused,
said Bill Nusbaum, partner with Williams Mullen in Norfolk, Virginia. Most of
the businesses found it difficult to meet the 35% employment test, he said.

Howard Gleckman, a resident fellow at the Urban Institute, EZ bonds and other
types of special bonds, such as New York Liberty Zone bonds "are generally a
terrible idea."

"These are remarkably ineffective ways to encourage new economic development,"
Gleckman said. "They don't work."

Even with a tax subsidy, they aren't good deals, he said. Most of the deals
require a bank loan but because banks haven't been in the business of making
many loans since the economic downturn, there is a good deal of unused bond
authority, he said.

Most of the tax extenders like the EZ program are mindlessly approved by
Congress every year and no one even knows what is in them, he said.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                               September 3, 2004

Boom times in the heartland but no savings;
In a work of economic pointillism, Neville Bennett paints a picture of what's
driving the buoyant economy

SECTION: Pg.14

LENGTH: 1051 words


Business confidence has been low for years, and one still hears talk of a hard
landing, but the evidence suggests we are in a boom which will persist for some
time.

Rural New Zealand has really taken off.

The latest National Bank survey lapses into rhapsody: "when the medals were
dished out, it was a pastoralist-packed podium. Gisborne grabbed the gold, with
silver and bronze going to Manawatu-Wanganui and Southland respectively."

There is no doubt that the rural economy is producing faster growth than the
urban area. In aggregate, rural New Zealand grew 0.9% in June alone but the
urban economy grew 0.2% only, a quarter as fast.

Perhaps it is useful to look at a longer period. The West Coast was the standout
performer, going at 5.6% a year, Northland and Southland at 5.1%. Wellington was
lowest at 3%.

The pattern suggests catch up; the least developed and remote areas caught up
and then surpassed other areas.

This is confirmed by a former leader, Nelson/Marlborough, dropping to ninth
place, its lowest ranking in seven years.

As one reads through the National Bank survey, it becomes clear that the
indicators used are very consumption-orientated. Each area is discussed in terms
of building consents, retail sales, guest nights, consumer confidence, days
needed to sell a house, new vehicle registrations etc. You get the picture?

Make no mistake this is valuable information. But the reader needs more meat. It
must be remembered that economic growth is hovering, so to speak, encouraged by
two interest rate rises and a strong dollar but tempered by falling consumer
confidence.

There is a raft of conflicting signals. House sales are easing, but unemployment
is at a 17-year low. Car sales are strong.

Economists are seeking to isolate the sources of the income which is promoting
healthy growth. There are several: market, investment and government.

Market income comes mostly from the sale of goods and services; exports are
vital. Our major trading partners are in growth mode, some going faster than New
Zealand. They are buying, providing good opportunities for Kiwis. Merchandise
exports rose a colossal 9.1% in the June quarter - the greatest increase since
2000.

Eight out of the 10 biggest commodity groups rose, notably meat, aluminium and
fruit. The laggards in value were casein and logs/wood articles. But June's
exports were 19% higher than the previous June.

So we can assume growth owes something to market income derived in part from
buoyant exports, and tourist spending - visitor arrivals were 19% higher in July
this year than last.

This strong economy is helping to keep the dollar at a level of about 10% above
its long run estimated fair value ($US 55c). Observers suggest US growth will
impose some depreciation on the Kiwi but for a variety of reasons I believe the
dollar will not weaken for some time.

A strong dollar will slow growth but it does lower the cost of external debt and
imports.

And it must be admitted that the economy is going very well.

Here's some more evidence.

West Coast growth has reached a 22-year high and Otago a 20-year high. The grape
harvest is 40% up, with world demand growing year on year.

As a result, Westpac will lift its estimate for next year's growth.

This is exceptional and cannot be explained merely by market income or
government handouts.

Sometimes migration makes a difference. However, migration is not part of this
discussion as it was down 53% on the previous year.

Demand for goods and services can also be internally generated. This is shown up
best in the GDP data, with March the latest available.

It shows the economy being powered by increased household spending, increased
investment in housing and increased business investment.

Household spending has been extremely strong, rising 7% in the year.

It is very connected to the housing boom; purchases of durable goods and
furniture figure strongly. New housing investment was up 17% on the year before.
At the same time, business investment increased a healthy 4.1% for the March
quarter.

As a result of this external and internal demand, production was strong. The
country produced 3.4% more goods on the year, while construction was 9% higher
than the previous year.

But consumption was high, reflected in retail sales, especially new cars.

The key to much of the enormous growth would seem to be either investment or
credit-induced spending. Householders are using some of the equity in their
homes. As previous articles have shown, farms and households have become big
spenders because cheap credit is easily available.

Some growth is occurring because of dis-saving or borrowing. This is
understandable in places like the Manawatu or the Bay of Plenty where producers
face the massive tasks of restocking and refencing.

But, as one surveys the nation, it is a little worrying to see people borrowing
to improve their homes and cars. Our savings are getting perilously low.

Lest this seems too grumpy, I remind readers that 16% of adults have negative
assets, hundreds of thousands of people have less than $20,000 net and, as a
nation, our share holding is less than the value of our cars (NBR, Aug 20). Most
people expect the state to look after their retirement (although recommendations
due out next week on workplace super will largely change that), so they are out
there shopping.

Shopping makes growth statistics look good but it is not very sustainable if it
is credit funded.

Also of concern is inflation. Our present growth is a part of a regular cycle.

The cycle starts with a recession. Demand falls, unemployment grows and credit
tightens. GDP falls. Business cuts costs. Prospects seem grim.

As the currency falls in value, foreign investors are attracted by opportunities
that presents themselves. Exports pick up, bringing better growth.

As growth strengthens, unemployment falls and most resources are in use. This
leads to the final phase: inflation induced by capacity utilisation and
increased wages.

Business is reporting intentions to raise prices and wages rose by 4.4% in the
year to June. The pressure for more wage rises will continue, especially with so
many shortages.

It will not be a surprise if the Reserve Bank imposes a couple more interest
rate rises this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

        Copyright 2004 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd. All Rights Reserved.


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             May 12, 2011 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Skilled migrants may not fill gap

BYLINE: Clancy Yeates

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 196 words


BUSINESS groups and economists say the government's plan to import more skilled
workers may not be enough to rein in the chronic skills shortages caused by the
mining boom. With a record $76 billion in mining-led business investment
expected in the next year, Tuesday's budget earmarked 16,000 skilled migrants
for rural areas and pledged $558 million to create more training places. While
businesses supported both moves, the main employer group for mining companies
said they might not be enough to satisfy the demand for workers. Economists also
predicted much larger increases in migration would be needed, including a boost
in annual net migration to the controversial record levels reached in 2008.
After the boost in migration to rural areas, net overseas migration is expected
to rise slightly to 180,000, well below the peak of more than 300,000 reached in
the previous phase of the boom in 2008. On the other hand, expected annual
investment from mining companies has almost doubled, suggesting demands for
labour will be greater this time around. The chief economist at ANZ Bank, Warren
Hogan, said annual net migration might need to rise by a further 120,000 people.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 23, 1994 Friday
                                  Late Edition

DROUGHT WILL HIT GROWTH: WILLIS

BYLINE: ANNA BERNASEK in Canberra

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 478 words


The drought will slow economic growth, the Federal Government conceded for the
first time yesterday.

The Treasurer, Mr Willis, said the drought would have a "significant"effect on
growth this financial year but he expected that a recovery in world commodity
prices would partly offset it.

Growth would be lower than forecast in the Budget but would not hurt employment.

Employment growth was well ahead of Budget forecasts, and by the end of this
financial year the unemployment rate would be less than 9.5 per cent.

"Severe as the drought is and important as it is for the rural sector, the
overall impact on the economy is not going to be too severe as we see it at this
stage," Mr Willis said.

However, the Minister for Primary Industries, Mr Collins, said yesterday that if
the drought does not break as predicted by February or March "the whole country
is going to be in diabolical trouble".

Mr Willis said the Government had taken into account in the Budget the effects
of the drought, but it become more severe. As a result it was likely to cut 0.5
per cent from gross domestic product this year.

But he said the recovery in Europe and Japan should boost commodity prices and
the value of Australian exports. He expected a strong price recovery to drive
rural exports to record levels of about $19 billion this year. This would mean
growth would be about 4.25 per cent this financial year rather than 4.5 per cent
forecast in the Budget.

If the drought continued, it would lead to higher food prices, which would fuel
inflation. If the rise in food prices was sustained, it could force the Reserve
Bank to raise official interest rates.

It would also reduce demand for farming equipment such as tractors and hurt
local business in rural communities. This could eventually cause a contraction
in business investment and employment.

There are already signs the drought is hurting the economy. The
Westpac-Melbourne Institute Index of Consumer Sentiment fell nearly 4 per cent
this month, dropping for the third month in a row.

While falls in the index are from record highs, Westpac's chief economist, Mr
Bill Evans, ascribed the latest slide to the drought and the rise in official
interest rates last month.

The Government's $164 million relief package announced this week is expected to
cushion some of the secondary effects of the drought, which may hurt local
economies and spill over into general consumer and business confidence.

The Prime Minister defended the drought package yesterday and claimed that the
Opposition lacked credibility with farmers.

"All those things add up to a very large change in public policy which has been
adopted by the Government audit report of the farm communities," Mr Keating said
in Parliament.

Measures in the drought package include welfare payments giving average farm
families up to $380 a week, and long-term subsidises to relieve debt.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1994 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 21, 2000 Sunday

BUSINESS BRIEFS

LENGTH: 563 words


Mandan company signs Minolta deal Professional Microfilming Services of Mandan
recently signed a distribution agreement with Minolta that makes it a Certified
Minolta Dealer. It will sell Minolta micrographic, book publishing and hybrid
systems. Professional Microfilming Services, founded in 1982, sells, supports
and services microfilm equipment in addition to offering service bureau
microfilming services.

Water supply efforts earn award Advanced Engineering and Environmental Systems
Inc. has won an Honor Award in the American Consulting Engineers Council's 34th
annual Engineering Excellence Awards competition for restoring water supplies to
Grand Forks following the April 1997 floods. Working with Grand Forks Public
Works staff, Advanced Engineering quickly established emergency water supplies
from nearby local rural treatment systems. The project team also worked with
personnel of the Grand Forks Water Treatment Plant in a round-the-clock effort
to bring the facility back on-line. Advanced Engineering also worked with the
city to obtain emergency federal funding to cover the significant restoration
and mitigation costs, which totaled $9.3 million. A panel of judges with
backgrounds in engineering, architecture, government, media, academia and the
military selected the winners from a field of 162 finalists.

N.D. Bankers Web site receives award A Web site designed by iNet Technologies
Inc. for the North Dakota Bankers Association has been chosen to receive a 2000
President's Award. The site at www.ndba.com was selected for the award by the
Midwest Society of Association Executives. The award will be presented in
Minneapolis in June. iNet Technologies Inc. is a Bismarck-based Web development
company.

Small business workshop planned The U.S. Small Business Administration will host
a two-night seminar, "Starting Your Own Business: A Plan for Success," Monday
adnt Tuesday in Dickinson. Among the presenters are Ken Dukart from the
Roosevelt-Custer Regional Council, who will discuss the importance of business
plans. Gaylon Baker of Stark County Development Corp. will discuss financial
factors in operating a small business. Additional presenters will discuss
record-keeping, fund sources, different types of business ownership and
marketing tactics. The seminar is scheduled from 7 to 10 p.m. MDT each day at
Gate City Federal, 204 Sims St. Pre-registration is $20 per person or $25 at the
door. For more information or to register, call the Dickinson Chamber of
Commerce at 701-225-5115 or SBA's One Stop Capital Center in Bismarck at
328-5850.

Seminar offers credits for teachers The fifth annual Invest North Dakota seminar
for teachers will be held July 18-21 at the University of Mary in Bismarck. This
seminar blends lessons from experienced professionals to assist teachers in
presenting business and investment topics in their classrooms. About 20
business, education and professional leaders will present topics on business and
investment during the seminars. Training sessions will also be conducted for two
curriculums, "Stock Market Game Worldwide" and "Financial Literacy 2001." For
more information and a registration form, contact the Office of the Securities
Commissioner at 328-2910 or 800-297-5124, or check the Web site address of
www.state.nd.us/securities. The deadline for registration is July 1 and
enrollment is limited to 150.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2000 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

KCCI for according recognition to formal real estate

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 429

LENGTH: 378  words


The Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) President Muhammad Haroon
Agar has emphasized to accord recognition to formal real estate investment in
the process of economic development. While exchanging views with the delegation
of Real Estate Business and Investment Club headed by its President Zahid Iqbal,
he stated that real estate market is crucial for promoting commerce and
industry, growth and employment, and poverty reduction.

Agar asserted upon the need of low cost housing projects to accommodate the work
force migrating from rural to urban areas for employment. He highlighted the
importance of real estate market encompassing all transactions which involve
dealings in rights or access to land and buildings.

KCCI chief was of the view that real estate forms the backbone of the urban
economy. In most countries, real estate accounts for major share of national
wealth. In Pakistan about 250 ancillary industries, such as cement, steel,
brick, timber and building materials, are dependent on the real estate industry.
These combined make it the second largest employer next only to agriculture, he
said.

Responding to request by President of Real Estate Business and Investment Club,
Agar said that KCCI may consider formation of Real-Estate/Construction Industry
Sub-Committee. Presently, the Industry and Privatization Sub-Committee was
looking after said affairs, he told. Agar invited the members to get the
membership of Karachi Chamber and assured his best cooperation and support to
resolve their genuine problems.

He also welcomed the proposals by Real Estate Business and Investment Club to
incorporate in KCCI's forthcoming budget proposals.

Real Estate Business and Investment Club's President Zahid Iqbal expressed
gratitude and compliments to President KCCI for attaching importance to real
estate sector and recognizing its importance in the national economy.

He requested President KCCI to consider formation of Real Estate Investment
Sub-Committee because the sector was second highest sector to provide employment
opportunities after agriculture. He informed that their Club is committed to
highlight importance of real estate investment sector and they have approached
DHA Suffah University to offer MBA specialization in real estate.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

KCCI for according recognition to formal real estate

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 429

LENGTH: 378  words


The Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) President Muhammad Haroon
Agar has emphasized to accord recognition to formal real estate investment in
the process of economic development. While exchanging views with the delegation
of Real Estate Business and Investment Club headed by its President Zahid Iqbal,
he stated that real estate market is crucial for promoting commerce and
industry, growth and employment, and poverty reduction.

Agar asserted upon the need of low cost housing projects to accommodate the work
force migrating from rural to urban areas for employment. He highlighted the
importance of real estate market encompassing all transactions which involve
dealings in rights or access to land and buildings.

KCCI chief was of the view that real estate forms the backbone of the urban
economy. In most countries, real estate accounts for major share of national
wealth. In Pakistan about 250 ancillary industries, such as cement, steel,
brick, timber and building materials, are dependent on the real estate industry.
These combined make it the second largest employer next only to agriculture, he
said.

Responding to request by President of Real Estate Business and Investment Club,
Agar said that KCCI may consider formation of Real-Estate/Construction Industry
Sub-Committee. Presently, the Industry and Privatization Sub-Committee was
looking after said affairs, he told. Agar invited the members to get the
membership of Karachi Chamber and assured his best cooperation and support to
resolve their genuine problems.

He also welcomed the proposals by Real Estate Business and Investment Club to
incorporate in KCCI's forthcoming budget proposals.

Real Estate Business and Investment Club's President Zahid Iqbal expressed
gratitude and compliments to President KCCI for attaching importance to real
estate sector and recognizing its importance in the national economy.

He requested President KCCI to consider formation of Real Estate Investment
Sub-Committee because the sector was second highest sector to provide employment
opportunities after agriculture. He informed that their Club is committed to
highlight importance of real estate investment sector and they have approached
DHA Suffah University to offer MBA specialization in real estate.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           February 2, 2002, Saturday

Boom Times are here again

BYLINE: Fleur Anderson

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 1279 words


Queensland is leading Australia s economic growth, with business investment
flowing again and exports at record levels, as Fleur Anderson reports

AT the Club Hotel in Gladstone, owner Kerry Jones is planning to install
air-conditioning in the public bar for the first time.

"It's on the assumption there will be more people around looking for something a
bit more pleasant," he said.

After a slump last year, Mr Jones reports customers are starting to open their
wallets wider now.

Gladstone last week secured the construction of a $300 million calcining plant
in addition to the $1.4 billion Comalco alumina refinery, which is already set
to employ 1500 workers during construction.

Other proposed projects for the city include the mammoth $3.4 billion Aldoga
aluminium smelter, $500 million LG Chemicals plant, $174 million Teksid
automotive component manufacturing plant and $200 million Tata Steel ferro
chrome plant.

It's part of the $10 billion in central and north Queensland projects in the
pipeline which business hopes will usher in a new era of economic leadership for
Queensland.

As well as the stream of billion-dollar projects, there is another factor
inspiring confidence across the state -- higher prices for rural commodities and
the state's biggest export earner, coal.

Total rural exports are expected to reach a record $8.2 billion for 2001-02
which is 4 per cent more than the Department of Primary Industry's June
estimate.

Despite the discovery of mad cow disease in Australia's major trading partner
Japan, Queensland's gross value of cattle is forecast to reach $3.37 billion, up
18 per cent on the previous year.

The coal industry also has a generally rosy outlook, after posting a 36 per cent
increase in exports to $7.5 billion for the 12 months to September 2001.

For the past five years, the Queensland economy has performed in line with the
whole of the Australian economy.

But over the next three years, Queensland is expected to lead economic growth in
Australia which itself is expected to remain a "miracle economy", compared with
the rest of the world.

Looking forward, ABN Amro Morgans chief economist Michael Knox is optimistic.

"We are quite positive about this year but we think that will accelerate because
you have a year of world recovery," he said.

"If the US economy grows by 4.4 per cent, as many commentators suggest, the
Australian economy will grow by about 5.7 per cent and it is quite possible that
the Queensland economy could reasonably expect to grow by more than 6 per cent
in calendar 2003."

The September quarter state accounts show Queensland's gross state product grew
1.7 per cent, which was almost double the rest of Australia.

Mr Knox said Queensland's September quarter growth rate was "close to amazing".

Boosted by the housing boom, improved business investment, and higher commodity
prices, Mr Knox -- a staunch conservative -- expects the Queensland economy to
grow 4.7 per cent this financial year.

This is more than the 4 per cent growth predicted by Premier Peter Beattie's
Labor Government. Private capital investment grew by 6.3 per cent in the
September quarter, including an increase in dwelling investment of 12.4 per cent
and growth in machinery and equipment investment of

5.8 per cent.

Mr Knox said Queensland, with its cheaper land and warmer climate, tended to
benefit more during a housing boom than other states. Labour force figures from
the Bureau of Statistics showed Queensland created 2600 full-time jobs in
December, which was more than three-quarters of all jobs created in Australia
over the same period.

"That outperformance will last as long as the housing boom lasts," Mr Knox said.

"But if that is supported by other projects, well, that's a really good thing."

Continued Page 71

Boom times are here again for Queensland

From Page 65

In its latest Pulse survey released this week, Commerce Queensland said the
December quarter general business conditions barometer reached its highest level
since late 1999.

Almost one in two Queensland businesses shrugged off concerns that the economy
would slow to report stronger business conditions in the quarter. And they
expect Queensland to perform stronger than Australia as a whole over the next
year.

The Pulse General Business Conditions barometer rose 2.81 points in the December
quarter to 58.72, which is nearly 17 points higher than the same time a year
ago.

Most industries reported higher profitability in the December quarter. The
best-performing sectors were mining, transport, retail/wholesale and business
services.

But not all industry sectors or regions are thriving and the Confidence survey
warns the economy is still fragile as it struggles to its feet.

According to the Pulse survey, the majority of businesses expect slightly weaker
conditions in the current quarter. In particular, construction, transport and
tourism businesses expect poor conditions over the next three months.

Further, there are now fears emerging that the artificially inflated housing
boom may be showing signs of slowing.

Building approvals for December, which were released yesterday, showed a
surprise fall of 7.3 per cent after forecasts for a small increase.

One economist said that by the middle of this year, housing would no longer be a
prop for the whole economy.

Such an eventuality will provide a challenge to Queensland which traditionally
relies more than other states on home building. Another challenge to the state
is the battering its tourism sector has suffered.

Tourism in Queensland has been hit hard by the collapse of Ansett, the September
11 terrorist attacks and also big rises in public liability insurance in the
wake of the HIH collapse.

Tourism Sunshine Coast chairman Phillip Harding, who operates resorts Noosa Blue
and French Quarter, said while tourism operators were confident about the
recovery of the domestic market, the slump in overseas visitors had ravaged some
regions.

But even in that sector there is room for optimism.

Mr Harding was in a jubilant mood yesterday after the Sunshine Coast was named
the host of the Australian PGA golf championship tournament for the next five
years.

The deal, expected to contribute $18 million each year to the local economy, is
a shot in the arm for the industry struggling to regain ground.

Mr Harding said that while Brisbane, the Gold Coast and Cairns had been hit by
the downturn the entire industry was now focused on attracting the conference
market. "The conference market has the highest yield and it is a great chance
for our salvation."

Further, the woes of the tourism sector are not expected to greatly restrict the
state's growth in the long term.

The industry is anticipating thousands of jobs with the construction of the $200
million Gold Coast Convention Centre.

And in the similarly depressed aviation sector, Cairns is hoping for a lift when
Qantas establishes its low-cost international carrier Australian Airlines in the
far north Queensland tourist centre. In Brisbane, work has begun on the $80
million Qantas 767 maintenance project which is expected to create 600 new jobs.

Long term, Queensland is favoured by its status as a "Sun Belt" state.

According to Access Economics, the Sun Belt's good weather will increasingly
attract an ageing, and retiring, population as well as young families; and
together with bountiful resources and an export focus, promote superior state
growth.

Exports of the so-called Sun Belt (Qld, WA and the NT) have been growing at a
rate about twice as fast as Australian GDP over the past 30 years.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                             June 24, 2010 Thursday

Advice for 17,286 firms, 1,111 jobs boost, £800k regeneration

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 373 words


East Midlands Development Agency was set up to boost regeneration, help business
in the region grow, and promote the area as a place for investment.

It provides a range of advice projects including Business Link and the
specialised Manufacturing Advisory Service.

Last year, Emda says Business Link advised 14,527 existing businesses in
Derbyshire and a further 2,759 entrepreneurs thinking of starting a business in
the county.

As a direct result of its help over the 12 months, Emda says Business Link
helped to create 1,111 jobs in the county - it also delivers all of its advice
from its Raynesway base, in Derby.

There is also the £1.25m Live and Work Rural programme which  offers advice to
anyone who has a business idea or is thinking of setting up a rural company
using the Peak District environment.

The agency also has a series of grant schemes for different types of business,
from which city and county firms have benefited.

The Enterprise Loans Scheme, for example, provided £65,000 worth of small cash
grants - between £3,000 and £20,000 - to county firms who had difficulty
accessing funds from other sources last year.

The agency also secures funding from the European Union, through European
Regional Development Funding (ERDF), for its Grants for Business Investment
Scheme.

Last year Emda won £1.4 million from the ERDF to add to the £9.5 million it was
granting to regional firms through the grants scheme.

Meanwhile, another Derby company, Cooper Research Technology, was given £60,700
through Emda's Selective Finance Investment grant, set up to help firms invest
in land and buildings.

In the county, Emda gave a £800,000 regeneration grant to restore buildings at
one of Derbyshire's oldest collieries.

The money was for restoration work on a number of listed buildings at the
redeveloped Pleasley Colliery in Bolsover.

Meanwhile, in the city, Emda bought 5.73 acres of land for £2.4 million at the
Axion Business Park with the intention of building offices.

The agency had also earmarked £800,000 to revamp Derby train station -
redesigning the layout of the car park, taxi rank and bus stops at the railway
station in Midland Road.

But after the Government told the agency it would have a reduced budget, the
money was withdrawn.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 42


                     Copyright 2010 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

KCCI for according recognition of formal real estate

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 297

LENGTH: 396  words


The Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) President Muhammad Haroon
Agar has emphasized to accord recognition to formal real estate investment in
the process of economic development.

While exchanging views with the delegation of Real Estate Business and
Investment Club headed by its President Zahid Iqbal,he stated that real estate
market is crucial for promoting commerce, industry, growth, employment and
poverty reduction.

Agar asserted upon the need of low cost housing projects to accommodate the work
force migrating from rural to urban areas for employment.

He highlighted the importance of real estate market encompassing all
transactions which involve dealings in rights or access to land and buildings.

KCCI chief was of the view that real estate forms the backbone of the urban
economy.

In most countries, real estate accounts for major share of national wealth.

In Pakistan about 250 ancillary industries such as cement, steel, brick, timber
and building materials, are dependent on the real estate industry.

These combined make it the second largest employer next only to agriculture, he
said.

Responding to request by President of Real Estate Business and Investment Club,
Agar said that KCCI may consider formation of Real-Estate/Construction Industry
Sub-Committee.

Presently, the Industry and Privatization Sub-Committee was looking after said
affairs, he told.

Agar invited the members to get the membership of Karachi Chamber and assured
his best co-operation and support to resolve their genuine problems.

He also welcomed the proposals by Real Estate Business and Investment Club to
incorporate in KCCI's forthcoming budget proposals.

Real Estate Business and Investment Club's President Zahid Iqbal expressed
gratitude and compliments to President KCCI for attaching importance to real
estate sector and recognizing its importance in the national economy.

He requested President KCCI to consider formation of Real Estate Investment
Sub-Committee because the sector was second highest sector to provide employment
opportunities after agriculture.

Zahid Iqbal sought support on common issues for redressal of grievances and
stressed upon mutual co-operation.

He informed that their Club is committed to highlight importance of real estate
investment sector and they have approached DHA Suffah University to offer MBA
specialization in real estate.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

KCCI for according recognition of formal real estate

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 297

LENGTH: 396  words


The Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) President Muhammad Haroon
Agar has emphasized to accord recognition to formal real estate investment in
the process of economic development.

While exchanging views with the delegation of Real Estate Business and
Investment Club headed by its President Zahid Iqbal,he stated that real estate
market is crucial for promoting commerce, industry, growth, employment and
poverty reduction.

Agar asserted upon the need of low cost housing projects to accommodate the work
force migrating from rural to urban areas for employment.

He highlighted the importance of real estate market encompassing all
transactions which involve dealings in rights or access to land and buildings.

KCCI chief was of the view that real estate forms the backbone of the urban
economy.

In most countries, real estate accounts for major share of national wealth.

In Pakistan about 250 ancillary industries such as cement, steel, brick, timber
and building materials, are dependent on the real estate industry.

These combined make it the second largest employer next only to agriculture, he
said.

Responding to request by President of Real Estate Business and Investment Club,
Agar said that KCCI may consider formation of Real-Estate/Construction Industry
Sub-Committee.

Presently, the Industry and Privatization Sub-Committee was looking after said
affairs, he told.

Agar invited the members to get the membership of Karachi Chamber and assured
his best co-operation and support to resolve their genuine problems.

He also welcomed the proposals by Real Estate Business and Investment Club to
incorporate in KCCI's forthcoming budget proposals.

Real Estate Business and Investment Club's President Zahid Iqbal expressed
gratitude and compliments to President KCCI for attaching importance to real
estate sector and recognizing its importance in the national economy.

He requested President KCCI to consider formation of Real Estate Investment
Sub-Committee because the sector was second highest sector to provide employment
opportunities after agriculture.

Zahid Iqbal sought support on common issues for redressal of grievances and
stressed upon mutual co-operation.

He informed that their Club is committed to highlight importance of real estate
investment sector and they have approached DHA Suffah University to offer MBA
specialization in real estate.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

KCCI for according recognition of formal real estate

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 251

LENGTH: 313  words


The Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) President Muhammad Haroon
Agar has emphasized to accord recognition to formal real estate investment in
the process of economic development.

While exchanging views with the delegation of Real Estate Business and
Investment Club headed by its President Zahid Iqbal, he stated that real estate
market is crucial for promoting commerce, industry, growth, employment and
poverty reduction.

Agar asserted upon the need of low cost housing projects to accommodate the work
force migrating from rural to urban areas for employment. He highlighted the
importance of real estate market encompassing all transactions which involve
dealings in rights or access to land and buildings.

KCCI chief was of the view that real estate forms the backbone of the urban
economy. In most countries, real estate accounts for major share of national
wealth.

In Pakistan about 250 ancillary industries such as cement, steel, brick, timber
and building materials, are dependent on the real estate industry. These
combined make it the second largest employer next only to agriculture, he said.
Responding to request by President of Real Estate Business and Investment Club,
Agar said that KCCI may consider formation of Real-Estate/Construction Industry
Sub-Committee.

Presently, the Industry and Privatization Sub-Committee was looking after said
affairs, he told.

Agar invited the members to get the membership of Karachi Chamber and assured
his best co-operation and support to resolve their genuine problems.

He also welcomed the proposals by Real Estate Business and Investment Club to
incorporate in KCCI's forthcoming budget proposals. Real Estate Business and
Investment Club's President Zahid Iqbal expressed gratitude and compliments to
President KCCI for attaching importance to real estate sector and recognizing
its importance in the national economy.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

Pakistan: KCCI for according recognition of formal real estate

LENGTH: 425 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Oct. 26 -- The Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry

(KCCI) President Muhammad Haroon Agar has emphasized to accord recognition to
formal real estate investment in the process of economic development.

While exchanging views with the delegation of Real Estate Business and

Investment Club headed by its President Zahid Iqbal,he stated that real estate
market is crucial for promoting commerce,industry,growth,employment and poverty
reduction.

Agar asserted upon the need of low cost housing projects to accommodate

the work force migrating from rural to urban areas for employment.

He highlighted the importance of real estate market encompassing all

transactions which involve dealings in rights or access to land and buildings.

KCCI chief was of the view that real estate forms the backbone of the

urban economy.

In most countries,real estate accounts for major share of national

wealth.

In Pakistan about 250 ancillary industries such as cement,steel,brick,

timber and building materials,are dependent on the real estate industry.

These combined make it the second largest employer next only to

agriculture,he said.

Responding to request by President of Real Estate Business and

Investment Club,Agar said that KCCI may consider formation of
Real-Estate/Construction Industry Sub-Committee.

Presently,the Industry and Privatization Sub-Committee was looking

after said affairs,he told.

Agar invited the members to get the membership of Karachi Chamber

and assured his best co-operation and support to resolve their genuine

problems.

He also welcomed the proposals by Real Estate Business and

Investment Club to incorporate in KCCI's forthcoming budget proposals.

Real Estate Business and Investment Club's President Zahid Iqbal

expressed gratitude and compliments to President KCCI for attaching

importance to real estate sector and recognizing its importance in the

national economy.

He requested President KCCI to consider formation of Real Estate

Investment Sub-Committee because the sector was second highest sector

to provide employment opportunities after agriculture.

Zahid Iqbal sought support on common issues for redressal of

grievances and stressed upon mutual co-operation.

He informed that their Club is committed to highlight importance

of real estate investment sector and they have approached DHA Suffah

University to offer MBA specialization in real estate Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 1, 1994 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

GDP'S RISE IS THE FASTEST SINCE 1985;
GROWTH SOARS TO DIZZY HEIGHTS

BYLINE: STEPHEN ELLIS

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 520 words


AUSTRALIA'S economy is now growing at the fastest rate since 1985 and at a more
rapid pace than any other industrialised economy according to yesterday's
September quarter national accounts.

The most surprising aspect of the data - hinted at in Tuesday's capital
expenditure figures - was a massive upward revision to business investment
during previous quarters, suggesting capital spending has been growing strongly
since 1991-92.

Had it not been for the drought, which sparked an 18 per cent plunge in farm
product, the higher base created by this investment and strong growth in most
sectors over the September quarter would have pushed annual growth above 7 per
cent.

In contrast, financial market expectations before Tuesday's capex data had been
for an annual rise in the Australian Bureau of Statistics' overall measure of
GDP of roughly 5.5 per cent.

The trend for overall Gross Domestic Product rose 1.2 per cent in the quarter,
while the more fickle seasonally adjusted measure showed an increase of 1.3 per
cent.

A feature of the accounts was a slight slowing in the most meaningful measure of
productivity growth, trend output per hour worked in the non-farm market sector.

This rose 0.4 per cent in the quarter and is up 4 per cent in the year - a
slower rate of annual growth than the 4.4 per cent recorded during the June
quarter, probably due to faster employment growth.

The ABS measure of GDP is an average of three gauges of economic output, based
on income, expenditure and production.

According to the expenditure measure, GDP(E), both private and public sector
consumption have grown by a strong 4.6 per cent over the past year.

Dwelling investment has risen 11.9 per cent, although this is likely to tail off
from this point onwards. Business investment has climbed a dramatic 23.5 per
cent, and public sector investment has risen 7.7 per cent.

In the September quarter the only large detraction from the expenditure measure
of activity was from net exports, which cut 0.9 per cent in trend terms, and
from public spending (which faded in the most recent three months as deficits
began to be reined in).

According to the second measure of the economy, the income-based GDP(I), growth
was driven by a 6.9 per cent increase (not adjusted for inflation) in wages over
the past year - mostly due to higher employment.

Private corporate profits are up a strong 10.5 per cent, while profits for other
enterprises are up a more modest 4.8 per cent (again, in current price terms).

The third measure of the economy, which is production-based and has grown 6.2
per cent in trend terms in the past year, reveals wide divergence between the
performance of different sectors of the economy.

A continuing boom in the manufacturing sector, where the productivity gains of
the recession are now paying off in strong expansion, and the impact of the
drought on rural industries are the chief features.

Manufacturing is up 11.2 per cent in trend terms in the past year, although it
expanded only 2 per cent in the September quarter. Rural output contracted 8.6
per cent in the latest three months and by 6.8 per cent over the year.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1994 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           BBC Monitoring World Media
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 19, 2011 Monday

Pakistan's PAKSAT-1R satellite to start operations in October

LENGTH: 699 words


Text of report by official news agency Associated Press of Pakistan (APP)

Communication satellite PAKSAT-1R will start its commercial operations in
October 2011 is expected to enhance broadcast and broadband capabilities of the
country.

The Satellite, successfully launched in August this year, will orbit at 23,000
miles above the surface of the earth. It is a great milestone in the field of
Science and Technology for the people of Pakistan and a big step towards the
economic prosperity of the country.

The communication satellite will operate from orbital location of 38 degree east
longitude and will offer C and KU band coverage in over 75 countries across
Europe, Africa, Middle East, South and Central Asia.

It will not only play important role in socio-economic development of the
country but will also provide educational opportunities, better health services,
stimulate private sector business and investment.

Communication satellite will provide telecom operators and government, a cost
effective way to extend essential telecom services to the farthest corners of
the country.

Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of medical
professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries which
often lack communication infrastructure.

Today, communication satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical care,
enhance its quality, provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery.

By enabling physicians to consult with their peers, have access to specialists,
and continue their education, tele-medicine could also increase the number of
physicians located in rural areas.

Giving further details, Secretary SUPARCO Arshad H Siraj said "This satellite
will also help to increase diversity and access to educational programmes by
providing opportunities for adult community education and in-service teacher
training". He said world has now entered a new era called the "Information
society". This era is marked by dramatic technological developments in
computers, electronic media and telecommunications and growing aspects of
information in all aspects of human life.

Access to the information and the facilities, to produce, store and transmit
information is now considered vital to development.

In this race between information needs and new information capabilities,
communication satellites give the ability to compete and maximize the use of
limited resources towards an expanding population.

For Pakistan, satellites are not only a communication tool, rather a unique
opportunity to bring meaningful change in the lives of its citizen.

Realizing the importance of extending the benefits of information revolution to
rural communities, governments the world over are implementing innovative
universal services programmes in the areas of communication, health care,e
ducation and governance.

Communication satellites have become an integral part of all such programmes
extending their reach to the remotest corners of the world and providing
reliable and cost effective means of extending the benefits of information
revolution to people living in these times.

Replying to a question, Secretary SUPARCO said, "Under the vision 2040 of
Pakistan's Space programme, many more satellites will be launched, which will
help to improve socio-economic condition of the country".

As far as launch of spaceship is concerned, he said, no such planning is in
consideration, and focus is to launch more communication satellites.

PAKSAT-1R has a design life of 15 years and will provide TV broadcasting,
Internet and data communication services across South and Central Asia, Eastern
Europe, East Africa and the Far East. The satellite will now enable the
extending of communication services to all areas of Pakistan.

There are more than 45 clients of PAKSAT-1R, including leading telecom companies
such as Mobilink, and broadcasters such as Geo and ARY.

The PAKSAT-1R weighs 5,115kg and is based on the DongFangHong-4 platform with 18
Ku-band and 12 C-band transponders onboard.

Source: Associated Press of Pakistan news agency, Islamabad, in English 0810 gmt
17 Sep 11

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

FEd's EI program distorts labour markets

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 659 words


You are likely to see more protests in the coming weeks over the federal
government's Employment Insurance (EI) reforms as individuals and communities
start to feel the full impact of the changes.

These protests will be eagerly abetted by opposition politicians at the federal
level and likely by provincial level politicians from all parties including the
ruling Tories. The political class in New Brunswick has a long memory and
nothing is grist for the political mill quite like EI reform. Just ask Angela
Vautour, Doug Young and even Bernard Valcourt, if you want testimonials.

The primary change is that users are now separated into three categories:
frequent, occasional and long-tenured. Those that use the program on a regular
basis will be under greater pressure to take "suitable employment" and/or at a
lower level of earnings compared to their previous employment income or they
could lose their EI benefits.

The critics of the reforms say they will hurt the poorest people, negatively
impact the weakest local economies and will ultimately lead to more people
moving out of rural areas, making a bad situation even worse in small towns and
rural communities.

The irony, of course, is that the EI reforms were implemented as a way to
strengthen rural economies. I know opponents are rolling their eyes as they read
this, but go back to the stated impetus for the reforms. Companies were telling
politicians and government officials how difficult it was to find and keep
employees even in communities with unemployment rates of 15 per cent and higher.

One local government said it was having a hard time finding snowplow drivers
even though there were dozens of qualified heavy-equipment operators that had
the necessary skills but preferred to collect EI over the winter.

Other firms in rural areas ended up hiring immigrant workers for year-round work
because they could not find enough employees in the local area or couldn't keep
them year-round.

In theory, if the thousands of New Brunswickers who now work seasonal jobs
migrated to year-round work (or took two or more jobs and cobbled together
year-round work) it would lead to a stronger labour market, more employment
income and increased business investment in small towns and rural communities.

The EI program, the federal government said, was actually hurting the very rural
economies it was meant to help.

While this may be true, the government made no attempt to build the case. There
was virtually no upfront consultation and no data/research released to support
the theory that changing the EI program would strengthen local economies.

Many opponents to these EI reforms believe it is perfectly legitimate to have a
supplemental income support program for seasonal workers and very little effort
should be made to force these people into year-round work. While I am not
convinced of this argument, those who are should be arguing for a separate
social support program and not hiding it under the guise of an unemployment
scheme.

As the EI system is now structured, all those people are supposedly available
for work and there is at least anecdotal evidence this pseudo-labour market has
substantially distorted local economies around the province.

If there was a separate income support program for seasonal workers, the labour
market distortions created by the EI program would disappear.

With these new changes, we will stumble along by trial and error with local
officials making judgement calls about who should be forced to work suitable
employment and at what wage level.

For those like me who want to see tangible economic renewal in rural and
northern New Brunswick, it looks like we are in for a period of even more
uncertainty.

Good luck trying to get businesses to invest in that environment.

David Campbell is an economic development consultant based in Moncton. He writes
a daily blog, It's the Economy Stupid, at davidwcampbell.com. His column appears
every Wednesday and Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Spending set to spur growth global revival and dip in oil prices cited for 4.3
per cent projectIon

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 744 words


The Nation

The Thai economy is likely to improve this year, with projected growth of 4.3
per cent, thanks to a return to more normal public and private spending, a
gradual revival in the global economy, and positive effects from plunging oil
prices, according to Krungsri Research.

However, the country should be cautious of further global economic and domestic
political crises.

Domestic and external economic drivers are likely to get better after weakening
substantially in 2014, for several reasons, KResearch says.

First, the government is speeding up its spending and launching economic
stimulus measures, which are starting to bear fruit. In particular, state
investment is expected to increase considerably in 2015 after the postponements
of last year. Investment in infrastructure projects will go forward. However,
the government's insistence on scrutinising some projects to prevent corruption
may cause public spending to miss the target.

Business investment will play an important role in driving the economy. After
being sluggish for a long time, private investment could grow significantly, by
6-8 per cent. State infrastructure projects will induce private investment and
may support growth of urbanisation with the onset of the Asean Economic
Community at the end of the year.

In addition, speedy approval of projects by the Board of Investment should boost
business investments significantly, including those by small and medium-sized
enterprises.

Household spending may return to a more normal situation, with projected growth
of 2.7-3.7 per cent in 2015 after unusual weakness over the past two years.
Supporting factors are favourable conditions of employment and non-farm income,
as well as measures to help farmers and low-income earners. Nonetheless, low
crop prices and high household debt will limit spending growth, especially in
rural areas.

KResearch expects exports to expand gradually by 2-4 per cent in 2015, compared
with no growth in 2014, backed by a moderate global recovery and the dynamic
growth of neighbouring economies. However, Thailand's export sector may be have
trouble competing with some of those same regional neighbours.

Tourism may recover further #124but not as strongly as seen in #124the past
several years.

Thailand's accommodative monetary policy may still be one of tools to nurture
the economic recovery. In spite of pressure from an upward trend of US interest
rates, the central bank's Monetary Policy Committee has noted that the plunge in
global oil prices will sharply lower inflation despite cuts in domestic
subsidies on energy prices and the impacts of a weaker baht on import costs.
Therefore, the MPC is likely to keep the policy rate unchanged at 2 per cent.

Policy-rate cut

However, if the global and Thai economies become weaker than expected, low
inflation will pave the way for a policy-rate cut.

The baht may be volatile with a downward bias in line with appreciation of the
US dollar as a result of promising economic prospects in the United States.
While other major economies are likely to increase monetary easing, the US is
set to move in the opposite direction and increase interest rates.

However, sound fundamentals of the Thai economy may restrain the weakening of
the baht. In any case, its volatility is inevitable because several
uncertainties remain, especially core countries' changes in their monetary
policies and the domestic political situation, which may periodically cause an
abrupt change in capital flows.

KResearch identifies three major themes that will have significant impacts on
Thailand's economic movements, financial markets and monetary policy.

First, diverging economic conditions and monetary policies among the world's
core countries will affect economies in emerging markets, including Thailand.
Their monetary policies and capital flows will determine exchange rates and
asset prices.

Second, plummeting global oil prices will lend support to a global economic
recovery led by oil-importing countries such as Thailand.

The third major theme is the domestic political situation, including the
drafting of a new constitution and political, economic and social reforms
mandated by the military regime. Even though the coming regulatory changes may
raise concerns for some business sectors, the significant political changes this
year may provide hope for turning the crisis into opportunities by getting rid
of hindrances and reinforcing the growth potential of the Thai economy.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

PAKSAT-1R to play important role in socio-economic development

LENGTH: 557 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 23 -- Communication satellite, PAKSAT-1R, launched by Pakistan
will not only play important role in socio-economic development of the country
but will also provide educational opportunities, better health services,
stimulate private sector business and investment.

Communication satellite will provide telecom operators and government, a cost
effective way to extend essential telecom services to the farthest corners of
the country.

Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of medical
professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries, which
often lack communication infrastructure.

Today, communication satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical care,
enhance its quality, provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery.

By enabling physicians to consult with their peers, have access to specialists,
and continue their education, tele-medicine could also increase the number of
physicians located in rural areas.

Giving further details, Secretary SUPARCO Arshad H Siraj said, "This satellite
will also help to increase diversity and access to educational programs by
providing opportunities for adult community education and in-service teacher
training".

He said world has now entered a new era called the information society. This era
is marked by dramatic technological developments in computers, electronic media
and telecommunications and growing aspects of information in all aspects of
human life.

Access to the information and the facilities, to produce, store and transmit
information is now considered vital to development.

In this race between information needs and new information capabilities,
communication satellites give the ability to compete and maximise the use of
limited resources towards an expanding population.

For Pakistan, satellites are not only a communication tool, rather a unique
opportunity to bring meaningful change in the lives of its citizen.

Realizing the importance of extending the benefits of information revolution to
rural communities, governments the world over are implementing innovative
universal services programs in the areas of communication, health care,
education and governance.

Communication satellites have become an integral part of all such programs
extending their reach to the remotest corners of the world and providing
reliable and cost effective means of extending the benefits of information
revolution to people living in these times.

Secretary SUPARCO said under the vision 2040 of Pakistan's Space program, many
more satellites will be launched, which will help to improve socio-economic
condition of the country.

As far as launch of spaceship is concerned, he said, no such planning is in
consideration, and focus is to launch more communication satellites.

PAKSAT-1R was successfully launched on August 12, 2011 and will start its
commercial operations in October 2011.

It is a great milestone in the field of Science and Technology for the people of
Pakistan and a big step towards the economic prosperity of the country.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

£830m bid to give UK the best broadband in Europe

LENGTH: 640 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Government is to spend £830m in a drive to give the UK the best
broadband network in Europe by 2015, it was announced yesterday.


An action plan entitled Britain's Superfast Broadband Future, published by
Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt, sets out the ambition to create a "digital hub"
in every community in the country by the end of this Parliament.

Linked to the nearest exchange by high-speed connections, the hubs would allow
communities to extend the internet network to every home.

Mr Hunt said the plan was aimed at stimulating private sector investment and
cutting barriers to business investment in the reliable and secure superfast
network which ministers regard as vital to the UK's economic growth.

Ministers will invest £50m in a second wave of pilot projects to test how
digital hubs can be extended to all communities, including those in remote rural
areas.

And there will be moves to cut the costs of access to communications
infrastructure and new awards of 800MHz and 2.6GHz spectrum to allow the
development of next-generation mobile services.

Already, more than 70 per cent of UK households have broadband and nearly 5 0per
cent have access to a superfast 50 Mbps service.

Mr Hunt said: "A superfast network will be the foundation for a new economic
dynamism, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs and adding billions to our GDP.

"But it is not just about the economy. Around the world there are countless
examples of superfast broadband helping to build a fairer and more prosperous
society, and to transform the relationship between government and citizens.

"And shifting government services online will save billions of pounds of
taxpayers' money.

"We want the UK to have the best broadband system in Europe by 2015. Our
strategy, backed by a £830m Government investment, will help deliver that by
stimulating private investment and competition."

Rural Affairs Secretary Caroline Spelman said that rolling out superfast
broadband to the countryside was "probably the single most important thing we
can do to ensure the sustainability of our rural communities in the 21st
Century".

She added: "Reliable internet access is vital for business and education and
will help to promote social inclusion and improve life in rural areas right
across the country."

The announcement came shortly after BT announced it was ready to contribute
further funding if it won public money in any of the Government's tenders for
work to bring fibre-optic cables to remote areas.

Mr Hunt said the development could see superfast broadband brought to 90 per
cent of the population.

The Communication Workers' Union warned that the UK would fall behind the rest
of Europe unless broadband funding and rollout was increased.

General secretary Billy Hayes said: "While the backing for superfast broadband
is welcome, the Government is still failing to match Labour's commitment on
funding of a dedicated £1.2 billion next generation fund in addition to other
money.

"This government is raiding the BBC licence fee to top up broadband funding and
relying on private investment and competition to make up the shortfall. While BT
has taken up the mantle, there is no guarantee other providers will do the same.

"We believe that £830m over the course of two parliaments is too little funding
over too long a period. It falls far short of investment by other European
countries."

In South Yorkshire, a scheme aimed at delivering the latest internet technology
to homes and businesses has been hit by problems.

The South Yorkshire Digital Region project was set up as a pilot, announced in
the 2009 budget and will use a 250 mile network of fibre optic cables to deliver
better performance. But the scheme has so far failed to attract any of the large
internet fims which would sell super-fast access to households and is now a year
on from its intended date to go live.

The project is funded by millions of pounds in loans funded by the taxpayer and
the scheme needs to succeed to safeguard that money,

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YPOS


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            August 15, 1995 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

'Cinderella State' is still at the ball;
The states under pressure

BYLINE: MARK DIXON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 529 words


WESTERN Australia was for decades dubbed the "Cinderella State".

But now it is poised on the brink of a surging economic boom as it heads for the
21st century, underpinned by billions of dollars pledged for massive projects
based on its suite of resources riches.

The huge projects commissioned in the past decade are now reaching maturity and
provide a strong basis for further development.

Among the giants which have come on stream and now are established parts of the
WA economic scene are the North-West Shelf liquefied natural gas development,
Western Mining Corp's wide-ranging nickel modernisation, including the $450
million Mt Keith

mine officially opened last month and CRA's new $350 million Marandoo project.

The gold sector, the darling of the State's short-lived boom in the 1980s,
continues to grow, to the point it is WA's chief export earner and to where
Australia is now predicted to overtake the US, the world's second biggest
producer, by the turn of the century.

Much of that would be based on new WA projects, such as the Bronzewing, Jundee
and Nimary mines, all of which will be on-stream by the end of the year.

The WA Chamber of Mines and Energy now estimates that the mining and energy
industries account for 75 per cent of WA's export income and 66 per cent of all
private investment. In round terms, that equals $11 billion of export income and
$4 billion of private investment.

A wider focus shows WA's gross State product has risen at an average rate of 5.2
per cent since 1991, faster than any other state.

WA remains Australia's leading export state, accounting for 24.2 per cent of
merchandise exports, has an international trade surplus of almost $12 billion
and has the lowest unemployment rate in Australia. And what's more, since 1992,
WA's business investment has increased by nearly 50 per cent - almost double the
rise nationally.

WA's other important sector, agriculture, has achieved a gross output of just
under $3.5 billion in the past year, coming off a record wheat harvest in
1993-94 and relatively favourable weather conditions last year which saw the
State produce more than 60 per cent of Australia's wheat crop.

More than 83 per cent of WA's rural production is destined for export this year,
contributing 17.3 per cent to total export income. The value of rural exports is
forecast at a record $2.8 billion - a rise of 6.3 per cent.

In other areas, a slowdown in retail turnover over recent months was analysed by
Chamber of Commerce and Industry economist, Ms Nicky Cusworth, to have been
always likely after WA's "extraordinary expansion" to the middle of last year.

However, she said, growth in household incomes driven by increasing employment,
rising real wages and a pick up in population growth should place a floor under
the deceleration in turnover.

But the major factor taking the sharp edges off WA's traditional boom-or-bust
economic cycle will be the $4.25 billion in resources developments in the past
year and the $3 billion now being spent on new resources projects.

Eco growth            5.6%

Job growth            5.2%

Retail sales          3.0%

Unemployment          7.3%

Business investment   18.0%

* All figures latest annual


LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Diag: WA's economic sectors Table: Economic indicators

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1995 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Making the Business Case for Rural America

LENGTH: 636  words

DATELINE: Washington


The White House has issued the following news release:

These days, it seems like it's easier than ever to turn a good idea into
reality. This is the era of Kickstarter, where entrepreneurs can connect with
potential investors at the click of a button.

Of course, it takes more than money to grow an idea. It takes an atmosphere that
fosters creativity and rewards innovation. And at a deeper, less obvious level,
it requires strong, secure infrastructure--roads and bridges, but also internet
access and community facilities like hospitals and schools--that improves
connectivity and access to information, moves products to market, and makes
communities competitive and attractive to new businesses and investments.

Part of the challenge we face in rural America is that in too many places,
infrastructure is outdated and cannot support the same kinds of opportunities
that are easily found in cities and larger towns.

USDA itself has a strong record of supporting rural infrastructure upgrades. Our
Rural Development program has a loan portfolio of over $200 billion direct and
guaranteed loans. Yet, there continues to be significant unmet demand for
investment in rural America that exceeds our capacity.

We can't address this disparity alone, which is why this week, USDA, as part of
the White House Rural Council, hosted the first-ever Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. This conference brought together key people from the
investment community, rural areas and government to make the business case for
investing in rural America.

In conjunction with the conference, we also announced a new $10 billion Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund. Supported entirely by private sector dollars
with an initial investment from CoBank, a national cooperative bank and member
of the Farm Credit System, and managed by Capitol Peak Asset Management, the
Fund offers a sustainable platform for new kinds of investors to inject billions
into rural infrastructure projects.

Up until now, we have faced a major hurdle when it comes to making the
connection between the demand for investment in rural areas and the financial
community. The new Fund serves as a proof point that rural America is a
promising investment. The financial community should look at investing in rural
America not just as a good thing to do--there is a huge opportunity for them to
see a return on their investment in rural America as well.

The Fund represents a new approach to USDA's support for job-creating projects
across the country. It allows us to act as a matchmaker between strong projects
and potential private investors and expands our capacity to facilitate rural
investment beyond what we can do alone.

Rural America needs strong, stable infrastructure in order to meet the current
demand for food and farm products, as well as the growing demand in areas such
as renewable energy, local and regional food, and the bioeconomy. To attract
young people to rural America, prevent rural "brain drain," and ensure a stable
rural workforce, we have to make sure that rural areas offer the same breadth of
opportunity that cities can offer and that starts with strong, modern
infrastructure.

These are high-potential areas that will create jobs and stimulate growth, which
makes rural infrastructure not just a rural issue--it's a national economic
issue, too.

We believe that this Fund and the communities brought together for the first
time at this week's conference are a key part of addressing the unmet demand for
rural investment. If we can inject even a small portion of the enormous amount
of available investment capital in the United States into rural projects, we can
help to foster an environment that spurs rural innovation and ensures that rural
America remains open for business.

For more information please visit: http://www.whitehouse.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Dorset Echo

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

"Freeze on EU funding is putting rural businesses at risk"

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


By Paul Millard

JUST after the referendum, the people with the job of delivering European
funding - such things as LEADER, the growth programme, the social and
development funding - were told to put things on hold, to continue the state of
"Purdah" which had been put in place during the referendum.

In a nutshell, Purdah means that nothing new can happen in the run-up to an
election - or in this case, a referendum. No new announcements, no new projects
and so on. Well, it's now over a month since we had the referendum, the decision
is taken and we're ploughing ahead down a new furrow - except we're not. In its
wisdom, Government decided that Purdah should continue as far as all European
funding is concerned.

This freeze on funding also extended to all the Pillar 2 funding from the CAP -
the money that pays for Stewardship Schemes and the other environment and
conservation schemes that we have spent the last couple of decades building up?

The reason for this continuing freeze is unclear - at the moment we're still in
Europe, so all the same rules, presumably, still apply. The money is still
there, indeed, much of it has already been allocated.

So here we are - rural businesses, landowners and farmers drifting around in
Limbo, or Purdah or Never Never Land, call it what you will - the reality is
that this Whitehall prevarication risks unravelling years of conservation work.
You cannot make business decisions or land management decisions based on a
series of ifs, buts and maybes. There needs to be certainty in all this - and
that is something only the Government can provide.

The point is that there is no justification for holding up money that is already
budgeted for - and every day the freeze continues it threatens to do serious
long term damage to the rural economy and to the delivery of vital environmental
outcomes across the countryside.

With the application window for Countryside Stewardship set to close in just two
months, the uncertainty over whether funding will be available is putting at
risk the environmental management of more than one million hectares of land. The
spending freeze also affects business investment which could lead to a drop in
confidence across the rural economy.

What we need is leadership, decisions and some kind of vision of the way forward
- the whole industry needs greater clarity from the Government and for it to
make wider commitments regarding the future of direct payments after the UK
exits the EU.

The Government needs to confirm that all spending commitments under the current
CAP will be honoured, irrespective of the date the UK leaves the EU. If this
commitment is not made soon it will have damaging long term implications for
rural businesses and for our environment.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                              March 9, 2014 Sunday

Aussie mining towns hit by slump;
Vacant shops, fewer customers amid a decline in investment in new mining
projects

BYLINE: Jonathan Pearlman For The Sunday Times In Sydney

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 834 words


At a shopping centre in rural Australia, the owner of the local butcher's shop,
Ms Angela Lindores, has looked on in dismay as many of her customers have left
town and neighbouring shops have shut.

Ms Lindores, 34, lives in Blackwater, a small town in the mining district in the
north of Queensland state that has been hit hard by the nation's recent mining
slowdown.

Some of the town's shops, such as a baker and a jeweller, have closed. Others,
like the butcher, are barely surviving, as the mining firms hire fewer workers
or use fly-in fly-out employees who work for brief stints but do not live in the
town.

"We have been really hit hard," Ms Lindores told The Sunday Times.

"There are vacant shops everywhere. People don't know if they can keep going.
There are no funds for investing in the store."

The mining slowdown in Australia, caused by easing demand from China and
flattening commodity prices, follows a decade-long boom and has caused a sharp
decline in business investment across the country. Mining investment has roughly
doubled in the past five years to almost 10 per cent of gross domestic product
and has been the fastest-growing sector in the past decade. The boom has had
flow-on effects across the economy, particularly in regions close to mines and
sectors such as logistics which service the mines.

Figures released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) last month showed
that business investment in general has collapsed, with a decline of 5.2 per
cent in the last three months of last year - the worst fall since the 2008
global financial crisis.

In particular, the figures showed that the mining investment boom has peaked, a
phenomenon with ripple effects across the economy. Mining output and exports
from operating mines are soaring - leaving resource firms with booming profits -
but there has been a slowdown in investment in new projects, which involve
large-scale construction and job creation.

This has led to anxiety among analysts as to whether businesses outside the
sector can offset the drop in mining investment. The Minerals Council of
Australia, a peak mining group, said mining investment had dropped but this was
a natural part of the boom cycle, which has moved from its investment phase to a
production phase. But it said investment could still grow again.

"The decline in the value of proposed investment in mineral development is
unsurprising given Australia's transition from historically high investment into
the production phase," a spokesman told The Sunday Times.

"Investor confidence would be significantly enhanced if the Australian
Parliament abolished the mining and carbon taxes as soon as possible."

Most analysts said the fall in mining investment was expected but expressed
concern about the lack of growth in the non-mining sector. A research note,
entitled Mining Capex: Over The Cliff We Go, by Australia's ANZ Bank said the
investment drop over the current year might be as much as 11 per cent.

"The (ABS) result was mostly driven by a sharp decline in mining investment
plans, while non-mining investment intentions remained subdued," the note said.
The investment figures came amid other worrying developments, such as a small
rise in unemployment in January to a 10-year high of 6per cent, up from 5.8 per
cent the previous month.

The strong dollar and high wages have hurt manufacturers, with Australia's
remaining car makers, Ford, Toyota and Holden, set to close their plants over
the next four years. National airline Qantas plans to cut A$2 billion
(S$2.3billion) in spending and lay off 5,000 workers over the next three years.

But the flailing economy has been showing mixed signals, with some recent signs
that - outside the mining sector - things could be picking up.

The retail sector has had a boost, with some analysts labelling it the
"breakfast recovery" because cafes, restaurants and food stores helped push up
spending. Retail sales were up 1.2 per cent in January from December, according
to figures released last week. Spending on dining out has risen almost 5 per
cent in just two months, perhaps partly thanks to tourism, which is up about 5.5
per cent in the past year, helped by a weakening of the dollar.

The head of the central bank, Mr Glenn Stevens, is uncertain whether the
non-mining sector can make up for the mining slowdown.

Noting that residential investment was strong, he told a parliamentary committee
last Friday: "Will the additional demand likely to be generated outside mining
as a result of these trends be just the right amount to offset the large decline
in mining investment spending, so keeping the economy near full employment? No
one can answer that question with great confidence."

But for those businesses near the epicentre of the mining slowdown, a bounce
seems a long way off.

"When the downturn is on, it affects everyone here," Ms Lindores said.

"I should just close my doors and walk away. But I have a responsibility to stay
for the community."

jonathanmpearlman@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Times

                             April 27, 2012 Friday

REGION - Member for Lowan, Minister Hugh

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 416 words


REGION - Member for Lowan, Minister Hugh Delahunty will join western Victoria
councils and businesses in promoting the region to Melburnians at this weekend's
Regional Victoria Living Expo at the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre
(MCEC).

Mr Delahunty said all Western Victorian councils and a host of businesses would
showcase what the region had to offer at the April 27 to April 29 Expo, which is
expected to attract up to 10,000 people.

"For anyone considering a move, Western Victoria has everything you need," Mr
Delahunty said.

"The region, which boasts 25 percent of Victoria's wetlands, offers a relaxed,
country lifestyle and is renowned for its national parks, spectacular
wilderness, historic wineries and country hospitality.

"It also offers an attractive range of lifestyle choices from urban inner city
living to peaceful rural blocks or affordable homes in smaller communities.

"Cultural events, impressive art galleries and an abundance of year-round
sporting activities contribute to a relaxed, country lifestyle.

"As far as job opportunities go, Western Victoria is Australia's best performing
grain-growing area, producing 70 percent of Victoria's grain and is home to a
vibrant manufacturing sector.

"Other employment areas include education and training, manufacturing, health
and professional services, retail, hospitality, tourism and transport.

"I congratulate all the Western Victoria organisations participating in the 2012
Regional Victoria Living Expo and I'm sure they will do our fantastic region
proud."

Mr Delahunty said the free Expo would bring together all Victoria's rural and
regional councils as well as exhibitors under one roof at MCEC, making it easy
to explore everything regional Victoria had to offer.

"The Expo will give Melbourne residents and businesses all the information they
need when considering relocating to regional and rural Victoria, including
promotion of education, housing and career opportunities," Mr Delahunty said.

"It will provide all 48 regional and rural councils with an opportunity to
promote the benefits and opportunities available in their areas so they can
attract residents, skilled workers, business and investment.

"It will also showcase career, education and business opportunities and housing
and lifestyle benefits.

"Expo visitors will discover that Victoria's regional and rural areas provide
huge advantages in livability, jobs, education and business viability that are
at least the equal of those on offer in Melbourne."

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

PAKSAT-1R to start commercial ops in Oct

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 220

LENGTH: 668  words


Communication Satellite, PAKSAT-1R will start its commercial operations in
October 2011 is expected to enhance broadcast and broadband capabilities of the
country.

The Satellite, successfully launched in August this year, will orbit at 23,000
miles above the surface of the earth. It is a great milestone in the field of
science and technology for the people of Pakistan and a big step towards the
economic prosperity of the country.

The Communication Satellite will operate from orbital location of 38 degree east
longitude and will offer C and KU band coverage in over 75 countries across
Europe, Africa, Middle East, South and Central Asia.

It will not only play important role in socio-economic development of the
country but will also provide educational opportunities, better health services,
stimulate private sector business and investment.

Communication Satellite will provide telecom operators and government, a cost
effective way to extend essential telecom services to the farthest corners of
the country. Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of
medical professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries
which often lack communication infrastructure.

Today, Communication Satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical care,
enhance its quality, provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery.

By enabling physicians to consult with their peers, have access to specialists
and continue their education, tele-medicine could also increase the number of
physicians located in rural areas.

Giving further details, Secretary SUPARCO Arshad H Siraj said "This satellite
will also help to increase diversity and access to educational programmes by
providing opportunities for adult community education and in-service teacher
training".

He said world has now entered a new era called the "Information society".

This era is marked by dramatic technological developments in computers,
electronic media and telecommunications and growing aspects of information in
all aspects of human life.

Access to the information and the facilities, to produce, store and transmit
information is now considered vital to development.

In this race between information needs and new information capabilities,
Communication Satellites give the ability to compete and maximise the use of
limited resources towards an expanding population.

For Pakistan, satellites are not only a communication tool, rather a unique
opportunity to bring meaningful change in the lives of its citizen.

Realising the importance of extending the benefits of information revolution to
rural communities, governments the world over are implementing innovative
universal services programmes in the areas of communication, health care,
education and governance.

Communication Satellites have become an integral part of all such programmes
extending their reach to the remotest corners of the world and providing
reliable and cost effective means of extending the benefits of information
revolution to people living in these times.

Replying to a question, Secretary SUPARCO said, "Under the vision 2040 of
Pakistan's Space programme, many more satellites will be launched, which will
help to improve socio-economic condition of the country".

As far as launch of spaceship is concerned, he said, no such planning is in
consideration, and focus is to launch more communication satellites. PAKSAT-1R
has a design life of 15 years and will provide TV broadcasting, Internet and
data communication services across South and Central Asia, Eastern Europe, East
Africa and the Far East. The satellite will now enable the extending of
communication services to all areas of Pakistan.

There are more than 45 clients of PAKSAT-1R, including leading telecom companies
such as Mobilink, and broadcasters. The PAKSAT-1R weighs 5,115kg and is based on
the DongFangHong-4 platform with 18 Ku-band and 12 C-band transponders onboard.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Pakistan: PAKSAT-1R to play important role in socio-economic development of
country

LENGTH: 561 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 23 -- Communication satellite,PAKSAT-1R, recently

launched by Pakistan will not only play important role in socio-economic
development of the country but will also provide educational
opportunities,better health services,stimulate private sector business and
investment.

Communication satellite will provide telecom operators and government,

a cost effective way to extend essential telecom services to the farthest
corners of the country.

Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of medical
professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries which
often lack communication infrastructure.

Today,communication satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical
care,enhance its quality,provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery.

By enabling physicians to consult with their peers,have access to
specialists,and continue their education, tele-medicine could also increase the
number of physicians located in rural areas.

Giving further details,Secretary SUPARCO Arshad H Siraj said "This satellite
will also help to increase diversity and access to educational programs by
providing opportunities for adult community education and in-service teacher
training".

He said world has now entered a new era called the information society.This era
is marked by dramatic technological developments in computers,electronic media
and telecommunications and growing aspects of information in all aspects of
human life.

Access to the information and the facilities, to produce, store and transmit
information is now considered vital to development.

In this race between information needs and new information capabilities,
communication satellites give the ability to compete and maximize the use of
limited resources towards an expanding population.

For Pakistan,satellites are not only a communication tool,rather a unique
opportunity to bring meaningful change in the lives of its citizen.

Realizing the importance of extending the benefits of information revolution to
to rural communities, governments the world over are implementing innovative
universal services programs in the areas of communication,health care,education
and governance.

Communication satellites have become an integral part of all such programs
extending their reach to the remotest corners of the wold and providing reliable
and cost effective means of extending the benefits of information revolution to
people living in these times.

Replying to a question, Secretary SUPARCO said, under the vision 2040 of
Pakistan's Space program, many more satellites will be launched, which will help
to improve socio-economic condition of the country.

As far as launch of spaceship is concerned,he said, no such planning is in
consideration, and focus is to launch more communication satellites.

PAKSAT-1R was successfully launched on 12th August 2011, and will start its
commercial operations in October 2011.

It is a great milestone in the field of Science and Technology for the people of
Pakistan and a big step towards the economic prosperity of the countr Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              June 4, 2007 Monday

5 PER CENT AGRI GROWTH BOOSTS RURAL ECONOMY: PM

LENGTH: 659 words


ISLAMABAD - Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Saturday said 5 per cent agricultural
growth achieved this year has a positive impact on the rural economy and farm
income and infused purchasing power and liquidity in the rural economy.

While talking to President of Zarai Taraqqiati Bank Limited (ZTBL), Mansoor Khan
who called on him, he said agricultural growth this year was better than the
targets and it had a very positive impact on the rural economy and farm income.

The prime minister said the increased production of wheat, sugarcane, pulses and
increase in livestock sector have given high levels of income to the farmers and
improved his living standard. Ample availability of water and subsidized
provision of fertilizers has improved the farm productivity, the Prime Minister
added.

He expressed satisfaction over improvement in the operations of the ZTBL which
plays a crucial role in meeting the needs of agricultural credit in Pakistan. He
said ZTBL should be run on professional lines and it should increase its lending
to meet the growing needs of the agricultural sector.

Aziz said agriculture is the backbone of Pakistan's economy as two third of its
population depends on agriculture and hence ZTBL has an important role to play
to improve the productivity and enhance lending facilities to farmers across the
country.

He said that the new initiatives undertaken by the government in the field of
agriculture and livestock and dairy include better seeds, use of better
irrigation techniques and improving the farm productivity by using modern
methods. In all these areas ZTBL can play a major role in funding new activities
so as to increase and enhance the farm income.

APP adds Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz Saturday said the banking industry, which
has been transformed into a vibrant private sector enterprise as a result of
market-based reforms, is playing an important role in the economic growth of the
country.

He was talking to Ahmed Khizer Khan, Chief Executive Officer of Barclays
Emerging Markets, who called on him here.

Barclays is a UK-based financial services group, with a large international
presence in the Europe, USA, Africa and Asia.

The Prime Minister said Pakistan with its growing market, strong economy and an
emerging middle class offers immense opportunities for business and investment.

Shaukat Aziz said the government as part of its financial sector reforms
encouraged consolidation of banking sector through mergers and acquisitions, so
that stronger banks provide a full range of services.

He said due to government policies of deregulation, privatization and
liberalization foreign banks are investing in Pakistan and making their presence
felt in a substantive way.

The Prime Minister said continuity in policies, coupled with an
investment-friendly and hassle-free environment is fast making Pakistan a
destination of choice for foreign investors.

The record foreign investment of 6 billion dollar this year is a vote of
confidence of the international business community in Pakistan's policies, he
said.

On the Eurobond issue, the Prime Minister said the launch of the Eurobond was
oversubscribed by seven times ($ 3.5 billion) and the pricing is better than
last year.

He said it manifests "our increased ability" to raise debt from the
international market and the confidence of foreign investors in the country's
economy.

Ahmed Khizer Khan apprised the Prime Minister of Barclays emerging market growth
and expansion plans particularly in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia. He
said encouraged by the economic stability and investment potential, Barclays has
decided to explore avenues for starting operations in Pakistan. Khizar Khan said
his company is also implementing plans to hire, train and export professional
talent from Pakistan. The Prime Minister appreciated the role of Barclays in the
financial sector throughout the world and welcomed their plans to start
operations in Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Marketing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2007 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                            December 13, 2010 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Superfast broadband is a must, says MP

BYLINE: EMMA PEARCY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 366 words


NEWTON Abbot MP Anne Marie Morris has welcomed a new national broadband
strategy. Ms Morris has given her backing to Government plans to spend
£830million in a drive to give the UK the best broadband network in Europe by
2015.

She wants to make sure rural parts of the country aren't left behind.

An action plan entitled Britain's Superfast Broadband Future, published by
Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt, sets out the ambition to create a 'digital hub'
in every community in the country by the end of this Parliament. Linked to the
nearest exchange by high-speed connections, the hubs would allow communities to
extend the internet network to every home.

Mr Hunt said the plan aimed to stimulate private sector investment and cut
barriers to business investment in the reliable and secure superfast network
which ministers regard as vital to the UK's economic growth.

Ministers will invest £50million in a second wave of pilot projects to find out
how digital hubs can be extended to all communities, including those in remote
rural areas.

Already, more than 70 per cent of UK households have broadband and nearly 50 per
cent have access to a superfast 50 Mbps service.

The announcement comes shortly after BT announced it was ready to contribute
further funding if it won public money in any of the Government's tenders for
work to bring fibreoptic cables to remote areas.

Ms Morris said: "If we want to remain economically competitive and supportive of
local commerce, then it is absolutely essential we make the necessary investment
in our broadband infrastructure.

"I am pleased the Government has recognised the importance of developing the
best broadband infrastructure we possibly can and I therefore wholeheartedly
welcome recently published national broadband strategy.

"It is important however to ensure that our superfast broadband truly is
nationwide.

"We must not allow our rural counties to be left behind, as they have been
historically.

"We simply cannot tolerate the fact that 22 per cent of people in Devon have
poor access to broadband or no connectivity whatsoever. That must change."

She pledged to continue working with her ministerial colleagues to push for
superfast speeds across Devon.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WELCOME: Anne Marie Morris

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HET


                         Copyright 2010 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              May 9, 2000 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Costello's dollar jeopardy;
Market watch on bush spending Fear that rates will rise

BYLINE: TOM ALLARD and MATT WADE

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 643 words


The sharp dive in the Australian dollar yesterday has put the Federal Government
on notice to produce a fiscally responsible Budget today or risk even higher
interest rates.

The plunge in the currency it has fallen US1c in two days came as the Treasurer,
Mr Costello, made a pre-Budget defence of his fiscal record and as details
emerged of intiatives in the $1 billion rural spending package.

Government sources told the Herald there would be "substantial" additional
places for vocational training in schools, particularly rural and regional
schools.

New funding tied to research will also be earmarked for regional tertiary
institutions, which have become increasingly important to the economies of
struggling regional centres such as Newcastle and Armidale.

It has also been confirmed that the asset test will be relaxed for farmers
applying for the youth allowance and Austudy. Only 25 per cent of their assets
will be counted in the means test, not the 50 per cent that currently stands, a
measure long demanded by asset-rich but cash-poor farmers.

And incentives for business investment in regional Australia are expected in the
Budget.

Any extra spending will be welcomed by the bush although the National Farmers'
Federation wants at least twice as much but financial markets want a tight rein
on new expenditure.

"If the Budget shows any evidence of fiscal slippage, that will reinforce
pressure on interest rates," said Mr Peter Osborne, the chief economist at the
Australian division of the world's largest investment bank, Merrill Lynch.

"Structurally the Budget will be in deficit and that's unsustainable if we
should go into a serious downturn ... it's not a very comfortable fiscal
position and markets will be discounting the impact of any mobile phone spectrum
sales on the underlying surplus." Thanks to the sale of rights to operate new
mobile telephone services, up to $10 billion could be added to the underlying
cash surplus over several years.

This underlying surplus otherwise regarded as the best measure of the true
Budget position could be inflated by as much as $3 billion for 2000-01, allowing
the Government to deliver a nominally large surplus.

The expected scrapping of the one-year Timor tax worth $900 million could easily
be afforded and a surplus still delivered.

However, the Government may lose as much as $200 million in revenue if Labor and
the Democrats succeed in forcing it to drop the excise on beer and spirits in
the Senate later this year.

Mr Costello rejected as "wrong" an Access Economics estimate that the structural
deficit, which adjusts the surplus to assume long-term average levels of
economic activity, would be $5.6 billion. Without offering an alternative
figure, Mr Costello said: "It'll be a Budget which will continue good economic
management. It will comply with the charter of Budget honesty."

It will also be more closely scrutinised by investors and traders on account of
the falling dollar, its impact in pushing up import prices and the trend to
higher interest rates.

"People are very wary about any bad news for the currency at the moment, so it
will be very closely watched," said Westpac's chief foreign exchange dealer, Mr
Peter McGrath. "The currency market will certainly be looking at the Budget
surplus numbers. If they are disappointingly low, it may put more pressure on
the Aussie."

The dollar plunged half a cent to US58.7c yesterday following the release of
weak economic data, including retail sales.

Traders will also be anxious to see if the Government has revised up its
inflation forecast for 2000-01. Some expect the figure to be raised by 0.25
points to 5.75 per cent, including the GST impact.

More than $500 million of the bush package will go to intiatives for hospitals,
doctors, pharmacies and health centres. Measures for indigenous Australians are
expected.

Dollar slammed Page 33

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2000 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            September 5, 2008 Friday
                                1 - Main Edition

Trade deficit shocks market

BYLINE: COLIN BRINSDEN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 404 words


On the back of two surpluses, the July trade balance of goods and services was
$717 million in the red. COLIN BRINSDEN reports

BAD weather and a gas explosion in Western Australia have knocked the economy
off course in being able to produce a steady run of trade surpluses, economists
say.

New data released yesterday showed the country's international trade position
slipped back into deficit in July, partly due to rising oil costs, and having
produced surpluses in two of the three previous months.

However, National Australia Bank senior economist Spiros Papadopoulos expects
the trade position will improve and that there will be regular surpluses in
coming months.

``The slowdown in domestic activity will see import growth slow,'' he said. ``On
the export side, resource exports will remain solid, while rural exports should
pick up as rural conditions improve,'' he said.

Wednesday's gross domestic product for the June quarter showed consumer spending
fell for the first time since 1993, while business investment remained strong on
the back of the ongoing resources boom.

The July trade balance of goods and services was a seasonally adjusted $717
million deficit after a downwardly revised $351 million surplus in June, the
Australian Bureau of Statistics said.

Imports jumped 4 per cent in July, largely the result of a 29 per cent increase
in fuel and oil lubricants imports.

``This is partly due to strong gains in the oil price over July,'' Commonwealth
Bank of Australia economist Sara Hoenig said.

``But the rise is also due to the Varanus Island gas explosion in June which
lifted the demand for alternative energy sources.''

Exports fell 1.0 per cent, which included a 9 per cent decline in coal exports
as a result of sea conditions in Queensland, which delayed coal shipments and
reduced exported volumes, Ms Hoenig said.

The country saw its first surplus since 2002 in April, which has since been
revised to a $630 million surplus.

This followed steep increases in coal and iron ore contract prices, prompting a
sharp turnaround in the trade position after striking a near $3 billion deficit
only a few months earlier.

Balance of payments data for the June quarter released earlier this week showed
that the first trade surplus since the March quarter 2002 helped to narrow the
current deficit to $12.8 billion.

This represented 4.5 per cent of gross domestic product, the lowest since the
September quarter of 2002.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             June 2, 2005 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Rural sector puts dent in economic growth;
Exports COSTELLO'S SOFT PATCH

BYLINE: John Breusch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 475 words


The drought-stricken rural sector has again diminished the contribution of
exports to Australia's economic growth, but economists remain confident that the
resources boom should enable overseas sales to pick up during the year ahead.

A 0.1 per cent fall in farm gross domestic product in the first three months of
the year the fourth quarterly decline in a row pushed the sector's backwards
slide over the past year out to 16.1 per cent.

Economists attributed the farm sector's woes to the drought still gripping much
of the country, along with the strong Australian dollar and weakening commodity
prices.

Treasurer Peter Costello identified the rural sector as "the worrying part" of
Australia's economic performance, noting that farm incomes are yet to return to
their pre-2002/03 drought levels.

"I'm sure those in rural Australia just know the heartbreak that, particularly
on the east coast, is occurring at the moment," he said.

"We're now seeing that in agricultural production feeding through to the
national accounts."

With a 2 per cent rise in imports outstripping an increase of just 1 per cent in
exports, net exports detracted from economic growth for the 14th time in the
past 15 quarters.

But HSBC senior economist John Edwards said this gap was at least showing signs
of closing.

"The best news in the national accounts is that the rate of growth of import
volumes is slowing and the rate of growth of export volumes increasing," he
said.

The outlook for the rural sector remains poor.

Westpac senior economist Justin Smirk said that although many parts of the rural
sector were looking healthier including rising sugar prices, a good cotton crop,
strong dairy prices and an excellent start to Western Australia's winter
cropping season these were likely to be outweighed by the debilitating drought
now centred in southern NSW and Victoria.

Still, the prospects for overall exports are far more promising, especially
because prices for key resources such as coal and iron surged sharply in April.

While resources companies are not expected to be able to maintain those massive
price increases when they negotiate future export contracts, returns should
remain at historically high levels.

But a key issue is whether Australia has the necessary infrastructure to be able
to meet strong global demand for these resources.

JPMorgan chief economist Stephen Walters said that while the rebound in exports
could only kick in if business increased investment to tackle infrastructure
capacity constraints, the 2.6 per cent drop in private business investment in
the March quarter was not promising.

But he noted that recent surveys indicate firms are planning to increase
investment spending.

"Net exports will improve because global growth is strong and the [Australian
dollar] is falling and because import growth will weaken with domestic demand,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: BITTER HARVEST. Farm GDP. Seasonally adjusted. Source: ABS.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                           October 31, 1996, Thursday

Rural exports slump drives up current account deficit

BYLINE: IAN HENDERSON

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 509 words


A SLUMP in rural exports unexpectedly drove the current account deficit up to
almost $1.7 billion in September - its highest level in five months - but the
latest result had little impact on financial markets.

Exports of meat, cereals and sugar were down last month, along with exports of
uranium, alumina and machinery. The only significant boost came from the wool
trade, but economists cautioned against reading too much into the figures for
one month.

The Treasurer, Mr Costello, said the September result "underlines the necessity
to boost national savings," attacking the Opposition's efforts to "block
billions of dollars of budget measures which would boost national savings".
While Mr Costello said the current account deficit had improved this year, he
warned "there is no room for complacency". He said the largest component - the
net income deficit, which represents the payments made to foreign investors -
"reflects the burden of servicing Australia's net foreign liabilities that
escalated under Labor's administration". But the Opposition's Treasury
spokesman, Mr Gareth Evans, argued that the current account deficit blow-out
showed the Government was "delivering a weak economy", claiming there were signs
of a deteriorating outlook for business investment.

After adjusting the figures for seasonal factors, the Australian Bureau of
Statistics estimated the deficit had increased by $220 million last month.

It attributed that change to a turnaround of $211 million, from a surplus to a
deficit, in the balance of merchandise trade.

Following previously published findings that imports had risen marginally by $28
million, the Bureau yesterday said merchandise exports had fallen by $183
million.

Most of that total - some $138 million - came from a decline in the rural
sector's trade results, reflecting decreased export values for most of the
sector's main products. Exports of cereals, meat and sugar products were all
down in September.

Falls in the volumes of uranium and alumina exports and in the value of
machinery exports added to the poorer trade performance in September. Partly
offsetting that picture was the services trade, which halved its August deficit
of $21 million to a September deficit of $11 million.

Most analysts had forecast a current account deficit for September of about
$1.2-1.4 billion, but they yesterday played down the importance of the actual
$1.7 billion figure, noting that the Reserve Bank no longer based changes to
official interest rates on the current account deficit.

Neither the currency markets nor the bond markets were significantly affected by
the latest deficit. The dollar ended the day fractionally up against the
greenback - at about 79.11 US cents.

The next important indicator of the state of the economy and likely to be a key
input into the Reserve's thinking on monetary policy will come tomorrow, with
the ABS's publication of retail turnover figures for September.

TABLE AVAILABLE / CURRENT ACCOUNT DEFICIT

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 2, 2010 Thursday
                                 Second Edition

RBA can now afford to wait;
Comment

BYLINE: Geoff Winestock

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 540 words


Unexpectedly weak economic growth in the September quarter will give the Reserve
Bank of Australia some extra comfort that it can pause over the long summer
break.

Arithmetically it will now be difficult for growth to hit the RBA's forecast of
3.5 per cent this calendar year. With growth still below trend and mortgages
rates, including the extra tacked on by the private banks, now slightly above
average, the RBA can afford to wait.

Governor Glenn Stevens said as much before the parliamentary economics committee
last week.

But the RBA is unlikely to give too much weight to this one number and a rate
rise is still on the menu for the next six months. Remember that growth slowed
to 0.1 per cent in the March quarter of 2006 before leaping dangerously to 4.5
per cent over the subsequent year.

Likewise in the next few quarters growth should be much stronger, thanks to the
surge in prices for mining exports and the rural rebound, which have already
boosted real net national disposable income by 7.3 per cent in the past year.

Mining sector company profits and government revenues are surging. Big long-term
mining projects will drive business investment for the next Â­several years.
Significantly, private business investment expenditure rose 2.1 per cent in the
quarter, despite the weak office construction market. Mining export volumes will
continue to grow after a hiccup last quarter. House construction, one of the
major weak spots so far this year, will recover.

Moreover, a major revision by the Australian Bureau of Statistics has changed
our understanding of the behaviour of the household sector since the start of
the global financial crisis. The effect of the revisions is to raise the scope
for household spending to rise fairly quickly in coming Â­quarters.

It now emerges that household disposable income was much higher than the ABS
previously calculated and that households saved much more.

In the past year, household disposable income, that is after-tax income, grew
6.4 per cent as unemployment fell, hours worked rose and the tax cuts in July
boosted take-home pay. On the other hand, household consumption grew much more
slowly at just 3.2 per cent, with spending soft in most sectors except cars.

The household saving rate is now 10.1 per cent, compared with the unrevised
estimate for June of 1.5 per cent. If these new numbers are to be believed, and
Mr Stevens said last week that he believes them, then households have become
much thriftier.

This is good news because it will reduce the debt burden, leaving the economy
less exposed in the event of another slowdown. On the other hand, as the labour
market improves and wealth rises, history suggests households will spend a
higher percentage of their income. The savings rate was negative during the
debt-fuelled Â­housing boom of the past decade. If households return to their
old ways, consumption demand and inflation will rise much faster.

For now, the measure of annual consumer inflation in the national accounts, the
household price deflator, was a benign 2 per cent.

But the RBA will raise rates quickly if consumers change their habits
Â­dramatically and retail spending surges. The resources boom on its own will be
enough to push the economy to its Â­limits.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Daily Advertiser

                                  May 13, 2016

Docker Medical: A healthy future

SECTION: BUSINESS-FEATURE

LENGTH: 345  words


Advertising feature

Docker Medical has emerged over the past two years to become the premier medical
consulting suite development in Wagga.

Construction of the four-storey Docker Medical building combines the best
elements of a modern, state-of-the-art commercial facility in the heart of the
city's medical community.

The consulting rooms are situated close to the new Wagga Rural Referral
Hospital, Calvary Hospital and the recently established Riverina Day Surgery.

Dr Richard Harrison said the opening of Docker Medical in 2016 was the
culmination of many years planning, determination and vision to build the $15
million construction and office fit-out amid continued growth within the city's
medical community.

'When I came to Wagga in 1997 there were 50 specialists ' now there are 100,' Dr
Harrison said. 'Wagga has the potential to see 150 specialists in the city in
the next 10 years.

'A regional city this size, attracting that number of specialists, deserves a
precinct fit to accommodate the medical community.'

Dr Harrison said the new $452 million Wagga Rural Referral Hospital cemented
confidence in business investment across the region.

'No doubt that huge investment in the city's public hospital has a flow-on
effect which instils confidence across all professions and industries,' Dr
Harrison said.

Southern Cross Developers was engaged for the construction and sub-contracted
numerous Riverina businesses to carry out works throughout the build.

'John Tyrrell and the team at SCD did a fantastic job bringing this construction
to life. It's a magnificent building,' Dr Harrison said.

Mr Tyrrell said the building is built to a high standard using the latest and
best products to achieve a high star energy rating for efficiency.

He said features of the building included Argon filled double glazed windows to
all external walls, insulation to all unglazed walls, insulated concrete slab, a
state-of-the-art airconditioning system, solar panels, two lifts, high-tech
security system and the best quality fit-out for 22 office spaces.

Read more about Complete Skin:

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           January 12, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Exports flat as economy softens

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 387  words


AUSTRALIA'S trade surplus narrowed in November as exports stayed flat and
imports rose 3 per cent.

The balance of goods and services was a surplus which fell to $1.925 billion in
November, seasonally adjusted from a downwardly revised surplus of $2.561
billion in October, Australian Bureau of Statistics figures show.

JP Morgan economist Ben Jarman said the fundamentals for exports were positive
in November, despite being flat.

"The rural and non-rural sectors posted fairly decent gains, but that was offset
in the end by gold," Mr Jarman said.

Gold mining exports were down 21 per cent, while exports in rural products rose
1 per cent and non-rural goods rose 2 per cent.

Mr Jarman said export numbers were still supportive and were at historically
high levels.

"That's obviously going to change fairly significantly in the first quarter of
this year, particularly on the coal exports side," he said yesterday.

As a result, JP Morgan had downgraded its Australian economic growth forecasts
by 0.2 per cent for the fourth quarter of 2011.

Mr Jarman also said the strength in the trade balance was likely to be
temporarily unwound in early 2011 after the widespread destruction being caused
by flooding in Queensland. "The flooding in Queensland has left many coal mines
underwater; it is unclear how long it will take for production to come back
online." Mr Jarman said that, while the effect would be temporary, the Reserve
Bank of Australia would keep the cash rate on hold in February.

"We still don't know what the fallout of these floods is going to be,
growth-wise. It will have inflationary consequences later down the line but in
the near term the RBA has to sit on the sidelines." ICAP economist Adam Carr
said the surplus had come in broadly as expected.

"I think the more positive features are on the imports side," Mr Carr said.

"It's showing domestic demand is pretty solid in the fourth quarter.

"We've got a big surge in imports of goods related to business investment.
Consumer goods imports have picked up and they've been strong.

"Imports are strong across the board; exports are strong across the board. It's
a good set of numbers.

"It shows the outlook for the economy continues to be very positive." Mr Carr
said the 3 per cent rise in imports of consumption goods should translate in
better retail sales figures.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                           January 12, 2011 Wednesday
                           1 - First Edition Edition

Floods will hurt balance

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 467 words


AUSTRALIA'S trade surplus narrowed in November as as exports stayed flat and
imports rose three per cent.

The balance of goods and services was a surplus which fell to $1.925 billion in
November, seasonally adjusted from a downwardly revised surplus of $2.561
billion in October, Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) figures show.

JP Morgan economist Ben Jarman said the fundamentals for exports were positive
in November, despite being flat.

``The rural and non-rural sectors posted fairly decent gains, but that was
offset in the end by gold,'' Mr Jarman said.

Gold mining exports were down 21 per cent, while exports in rural products rose
one per cent and non-rural goods rose two per cent.

Mr Jarman said export numbers were still supportive and are at historically high
levels.

``That's obviously going to change fairly significantly in the first quarter of
this year, particularly on the coal exports side,'' he said.

As a result, JP Morgan had downgraded its Australian economic growth forecasts
by 0.2 per cent for the fourth quarter of 2011.

Mr Jarman also said the strength in the trade balance was likely to be
temporarily unwound in early 2011 after the widespread destruction being caused
by flooding in Queensland.

``The flooding in Queensland has left many coal mines underwater; it is unclear
how long it will take for production to come back online.''

Mr Jarman said that, while the effect would be temporary, the Reserve Bank of
Australian (RBA) would keep the cash rate on hold in February.

``We still don't know what the fallout of these floods is going to be,
growth-wise.

``It will have inflationary consequences later down the line but in the near
term the RBA has to sit on the sidelines.''

ICAP economist Adam Carr said the surplus had come in broadly as expected.

``I think the more positive features are on the imports side,'' Mr Carr said.

``It's showing (that) domestic demand is pretty solid in the fourth quarter,''
Mr Carr said.

``We've got a big surge in imports of goods related to business investment.
Consumer goods imports have picked up and they've been strong.

``Imports are strong across the board; exports are strong across the board. It's
a good set of numbers.

``It shows the outlook for the economy continues to be very positive.''

Mr Carr said the three per cent rise in imports of consumption goods should
translate in better retail sales figures.

``If you look at a broad array of indicators, household consumption is very
solid.

``The monthly (ABS) retail sales survey is the probably the only official data
that points to any softness,'' he said.

The November trade data showed imports of capital goods rose eight per cent,
which Mr Carr said was also encouraging.

``More broadly, plant and machinery equipment investment is picking up as well.
It's a good set of numbers.''

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                               September 5, 2000

DPM: Major renewable energy programme to be launched next year

SECTION: National; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: Kuala Lumpur


KUALA LUMPUR, Mon. - A major renewable energy programme will be launched
early next year aimed at connecting in grid form small renewable energy
generation plants, Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
said today.

The programme also seeks to provide five per cent of the country's total
electricity demand by the year 2005, Abdullah said.

"While increasing the renewable energy share of our total energy
consumption is the primary objective of this programme, a key motivation
for pushing this programme is to promote distributed generation," he said.

Abdullah said this in a speech at the official opening of the "Business
and Investment Forum for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency in Asia
and the Pacific 2000" at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel here.

His speech was read by Energy, Communications and Multimedia Minister
Datuk Leo Moggie.

(Renewable energy comes in one form or another from the sun and is clean
and relatively non-polluting.)

Abdullah said palm oil mill wastes had been identified as the biggest
renewable energy resource in the country.

"Although a quarter of this waste is being sent back to the oil palm
fields to serve as soil conditioners and fertilisers, a significant number
of mills face disposal problems due to stringent environmental
regulations.

"Many of these mills are located at rural sites, and they provide a
realistic scope for rural electrification," he said.

Abdullah said under the current five-year development plan which ends
this year, almost half a billion ringgit had been spent for rural
electrification alone.

A third of this, he said, was spent on alternative systems where
stand-alone solar home systems took the biggest share.

"Total coverage today stands at about 98 per cent in Peninsular
Malaysia, 75 per cent in Sarawak and 70 per cent in Sabah.

"More money will be allocated in the next five-year plan beginning next
year, and we hope the lessons learnt through the implementation of
renewable energy systems over the last five years will provide the scope
for better services in the next five years," Abdullah said.

He said Malaysia had to continuously up-grade energy services provided
to rural communities to not only fulfill increasing household needs as
end-use appliances became more affordable but also to bring about more
possibilities in education, health, social services and income-generation.

Rural electrification, Abdullah said, was the key to the provision of
many essential services and central to integrated rural or village
development.

However, the high connection and distribution costs of rural
electrification and poor economies of scale put a very high cost on rural
electification, he said.

Abdullah said it was recognised that rural electrification could not
wholly be based on extension of the main grid and that in many cases
decentralised solutions were cost-effective choices.

"In many of these cases, renewables like modern bio-mass, solar
photovoltaics, wind, mini and micro hydros and other renewables would be
most suited," he said.


LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Winning poster ... Moggie appears delighted with the winning
poster of Lee Kok Yew, who won first prize in the national level (Form 1-3)
category poster contest in conjunction with the forum.

            Copyright 2000 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                            April 2, 2003 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Risks shown by deficit

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 374 words


THE monthly trade deficit leapt by a third in February, highlighting Australia's
exposure to a slowing world economy just as the worst of the drought appears to
be over.

New figures released yesterday also showed a further slump in building
approvals, while the Reserve Bank board held its first meeting on interest rates
since the war in Iraq began.

Economists were unanimous in predicting rates would remain on hold for the 10th
month in a row, the longest rates freeze in more than three years, as the
central bank waited to see the outcome of the war.

The Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) said the trade deficit jumped to $1.9
billion in February from an adjusted $1.3 billion the previous month, although
nowhere near December's $3 billion high.

But this time the drought was not the main driver, although rural exports fell
another $1 million in the month and have slipped $2.5 billion in the first eight
months of the financial year.

The ABS said non-rural exports fell 10 per cent, driven by a collapse in exports
of coal, coke, briquettes and mineral fuels.

Treasurer Peter Costello said the weak world economy was to blame, although a
rise in capital goods imports showed strong local business investment.

"Exports of non-rural goods fell in February after January's very strong result,
and continue to be restrained by the weak world economy," he said.

Separate data showed a four per cent drop in building approvals for new homes on
the back of a 12 per cent plunge in apartment and townhouse approvals.

The figures show investors appear to be heeding Reserve Bank warnings about an
overheated investment property market, but also highlight the concerns it raised
in February about the weak global economy.

The Housing Industry Association said record activity in the multi-unit market
had cooled and the housing industry was heading for a slowing in the second half
of the year.

"With new home sales remaining robust and renovation activity high, HIA is
expecting a soft landing into 2003-04 before recovering strongly in 2004-05,"
senior economist Caroline Lemezina said.

Meanwhile, a new survey showed Australia's manufacturing sector held up well in
the early part of the war although there were signs of softening to come in
future months.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2003 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday

NY Governor Paterson supports changes to Power for Jobs

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 373  words


Gov. David A. Paterson on Thursday announced that proposed changes to the
Energize New York Program, which appear to have bipartisan support in the state
Senate, also have received the endorsement of some business and agriculture
groups.

The program, which will begin accepting applications on Jan. 31, 2011, is
designed to reform the state's Power for Jobs and Energy Cost Savings Benefit
Programs.

A release from the governor's office states that New York lost more than 330,000
jobs between July 2008 and December 2009, including 73,000 manufacturing jobs,
but that Energize New York could "be a valuable tool to retain our existing
workforce, particularly in manufacturing, and will also be used to attract new
business investment in the state. "

Rochester Tooling and Manufacturing Association and Buffalo Niagara Partnership
have indicated their support for proposed program, according to the governor's
office, and Sen. George Maziarz, who helped to initiate the program, said
support appears to be growing.

"Hopefully this momentum will carry the bill through the Assembly and into law,"
he said.

Last week, however, Assemblyman Joe Morelle said the changes would not benefit
upstate utility ratepayers.

The Power for Jobs changes, in part, would redeploy 455 megawatts of Rural and
Domestic Power to create a new and permanent 910-megawatt blended-rate economic
development program that will reduce rates in seven-year contracts with
businesses and institutions that meet certain selection criteria. At least 320
megawatts would be limited to the service territories that served the Rural and
Domestic customers including those with Rochester Gas & Electric.

Selection criteria will include the applicant's payroll, the number of jobs that
would be created or retained, the risk the applicant would otherwise leave the
state and the significance of electricity costs to the applicant.

Permanent electricity bill mitigation for Rural and Domestic customers would be
stepped down from $100 million in the first year of the program to $30 million
per year on a permanent basis. Farmers who receive Rural and Domestic benefits
would be eligible for $8 million per year to carve out to support electricity
discounts under the current legislation.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            March 8, 2006 Wednesday

Low prices and infrastructure make Meath a good place to do business

SECTION: COMMERCIAL PROPERTY; Other Stories; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 672 words


Business Location Meath today launches a concerted effort to change people's
perceptions of the county. A day long conference in central Dublin will hear
from three Government ministers and leading businessmen, not just about Meath
but about doing business generally.

The goal is to put the Royal County on the business investment map, explains the
county's economic development officer, Frank Fitzmaurice.

"We are challenging the perception of Meath as a rural location," says
Fitzmaurice. "We are up against this perception of Meath in the Dublin-based
business community."

The county has decided to fight back with a most unusual day-long conference
today entitled "Meath - A better Business Direction". Some of Ireland's leading
business people will speak during the event's three main sessions at 8am, 12
noon and 5pm.

The three blocks will cover financial services, information and communications
technology, and general business investment, and will be addressed respectively
by Government Ministers Dick Roche, Noel Dempsey and Micheal Martin.

The event includes displays extolling the advantages of doing business and
setting up ventures in the Royal County.

These will describe the developing road infrastructure, the spread of broadband
and will look at property and rental costs, which the organisers say are
substantially cheaper than in Dublin. The current skills pool will also be
described.

Sponsored and organised by the county council, the overall goal is to attract
companies to locate in Co Meath, says Fitzmaurice. Yet the speakers will not be
doing a hard sell on behalf of the county. Rather they will be discussing
business trends and challenges, he says. "We are hoping that in the process,
Meath will be associated with business activity," he adds.

It is remarkable to have three ministers but there are other big names for the
conference, which is free of charge.

The line up includes Sean Fitzpatrick, chairman of Anglo Irish Bank; Tom Healy,
CEO of the Irish Stock Exchange; Lorcan Tiernan, Partner, Dillon Eustace; Tom
Carson, MD, BT Networked Solutions; Frank Ryan, CEO, Enterprise Ireland; Sean
Dorgan, CEO, IDA Ireland; Prof John Hughes, President, NUI Maynooth; Jim Power,
Friends First; and Kieran Wallace, Partner, KPMG.

Meath County Council chairman, Cllr Brian Fitzgerald, and county manager, Tom
Dowling, will also be on hand to address the 400 to 500 people expected to
attend during the day. The assumption is that people will sign on for the
session of particular interest to them but they may attend all the sessions,
says Fitzmaurice.

Improved roads and broadband access make the county an attractive alternative to
nearby Dublin, he believes. But price is where it comes into its own. "That is
the advantage we have," he says.

Prime commercial accommodation in Dublin costs an average EUR 478 per square
metre (EUR 44.50 per sq ft) but the average is only EUR 178 (EUR 16.50) in Co
Meath, a 64 per cent reduction. Private accommodation is also better value and
is typically 33 per cent cheaper than comparable homes in the capital, according
to figures provided by Fitzmaurice.

There are similar savings right across the commercial property board, with prime
industrial in Dublin EUR 112 (EUR 10.40) compared to Meath at EUR 70 (EUR 6.50).
Purchased industrial space for units under 500sq m show Dublin at EUR 1,720 (EUR
160) with Meath at EUR 1,200 per sq m (EUR 111.50 sq ft).

The county went to some lengths to prove its case, even to carrying out a survey
among Meath-based workers who have to commute to work in Dublin. Nine out of 10
surveyed said they would take a job in Meath in preference if it came up. Even
more striking was the finding that a full two thirds of respondents said they
would take a lower paid job in Meath if they didn't have to commute.

Meath - A better Business Direction takes place today at the new chq building on
Custom House Quay, Dublin. Those wishing to attend can either drop in, register
online at www.workinmeath.ie or register by calling Lisa Hines on 01 6694900.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                            July 19, 2000, Wednesday

Beattie's flat-line poll blueprint / QUEENSLAND BUDGET 2000

BYLINE: STEFANIE BALOGH

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 592 words


* Queensland political reporter

THE Beattie Government will head into next year's state election with a jobless
rate flat-lining at 8per cent and Queensland's traditional economic dominance
over the rest of Australia eroded.

Labor's third Budget signals an end to Queensland's position as the nation's
growth state, with the key indicators of business investment and jobs growth
forecast to be below national trends.

The state's fiscal blueprint for the next 12 months yesterday left the
Opposition and economists claiming Premier Peter Beattie was not doing enough to
generate jobs and saying his promised mid-2003 target of achieving 5per cent
unemployment was unattainable.

Delivering what is likely to be the last Budget before the state poll, Treasurer
David Hamill said there was no electoral war chest and the Budget underlined the
Government's responsible economic stewardship and showed Queensland was "living
within our means".

He said the $18.1billion Budget, with a net operating surplus of $29million,
would cement Queensland's AAA credit rating.

The Budget has been propped up by a $150million raid on the government-owned
ports corporations.

The document forecasts economic growth at 3.75per cent next year, on par with
the national rate. Last year, Queensland recorded a better-than-predicted rate
of 4.25 per cent, underpinned by the pre-GST housing boom.

But business investment is predicted to plummet 5.75per cent against a national
forecast of a rise of 3.25per cent.

Most of Queensland's Budget spending has been earmarked for capital works,
including roads and energy projects. Two-thirds of the $5.285billion program
will be spent in rural and regional areas, and overall will sustain 61,000 jobs.

On employment, the Budget predicts the creation of 31,000 jobs. Last year, the
Government fell short of its target of 41,000 jobs, delivering 39,000. Mr
Hamill's Budget forecasts an average unemployment rate of 8per cent for the next
12 months using trend figures. The national average is predicted to drop to
6.5per cent.

The Budget focuses on education, community services and health spending, with an
extra 357 police, 1000 healthcare workers and 800 teachers over four years

Opposition Leader Rob Borbidge said the Budget forecasts showed Queensland would
not be able to "reassert its natural position of leadership in terms of economic
growth" and was the "final deserting of Mr Beattie's core election promise of
5per cent unemployment".

Michael Knox, chief economist for Morgan Stockbroking, said Queensland had been
underperforming compared with the national economy in the past year. "It's
difficult to see on the forecasts in the Budget papers how we're going to
improve," he said.

Farmers group Agforce welcomed the capital injection in the bush, but the
Brisbane-based Property Council said that if the Government wanted to produce
jobs, it was misguided to spend the bulk of its capital works budget on
one-third of the population that accounted for one-fifth of the state's growth.

The Australian Industry Group described it as a "steady as it goes" Budget.

MAIN POINTS

* $18.1 billion Budget with net operating surplus of $29 million

* Unemployment to average 8 per cent compared to national forecast of 6.5 per
cent.

* Economic growth 3.75 per cent, same as national forecast

* Business investment to fall 5.75 per cent compared with rise nationally of
3.25 per cent.

* No new or increased taxes

* Record capital works program of $5.3 billion

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                            July 19, 2000, Wednesday

Beattie's flat-line poll blueprint / QUEENSLAND BUDGET 2000

BYLINE: STEFANIE BALOGH

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 592 words


* Queensland political reporter

THE Beattie Government will head into next year's state election with a jobless
rate flat-lining at 8per cent and Queensland's traditional economic dominance
over the rest of Australia eroded.

Labor's third Budget signals an end to Queensland's position as the nation's
growth state, with the key indicators of business investment and jobs growth
forecast to be below national trends.

The state's fiscal blueprint for the next 12 months yesterday left the
Opposition and economists claiming Premier Peter Beattie was not doing enough to
generate jobs and saying his promised mid-2003 target of achieving 5per cent
unemployment was unattainable.

Delivering what is likely to be the last Budget before the state poll, Treasurer
David Hamill said there was no electoral war chest and the Budget underlined the
Government's responsible economic stewardship and showed Queensland was "living
within our means".

He said the $18.1billion Budget, with a net operating surplus of $29million,
would cement Queensland's AAA credit rating.

The Budget has been propped up by a $150million raid on the government-owned
ports corporations.

The document forecasts economic growth at 3.75per cent next year, on par with
the national rate. Last year, Queensland recorded a better-than-predicted rate
of 4.25 per cent, underpinned by the pre-GST housing boom.

But business investment is predicted to plummet 5.75per cent against a national
forecast of a rise of 3.25per cent.

Most of Queensland's Budget spending has been earmarked for capital works,
including roads and energy projects. Two-thirds of the $5.285billion program
will be spent in rural and regional areas, and overall will sustain 61,000 jobs.

On employment, the Budget predicts the creation of 31,000 jobs. Last year, the
Government fell short of its target of 41,000 jobs, delivering 39,000. Mr
Hamill's Budget forecasts an average unemployment rate of 8per cent for the next
12 months using trend figures. The national average is predicted to drop to
6.5per cent.

The Budget focuses on education, community services and health spending, with an
extra 357 police, 1000 healthcare workers and 800 teachers over four years

Opposition Leader Rob Borbidge said the Budget forecasts showed Queensland would
not be able to "reassert its natural position of leadership in terms of economic
growth" and was the "final deserting of Mr Beattie's core election promise of
5per cent unemployment".

Michael Knox, chief economist for Morgan Stockbroking, said Queensland had been
underperforming compared with the national economy in the past year. "It's
difficult to see on the forecasts in the Budget papers how we're going to
improve," he said.

Farmers group Agforce welcomed the capital injection in the bush, but the
Brisbane-based Property Council said that if the Government wanted to produce
jobs, it was misguided to spend the bulk of its capital works budget on
one-third of the population that accounted for one-fifth of the state's growth.

The Australian Industry Group described it as a "steady as it goes" Budget.

MAIN POINTS

* $18.1 billion Budget with net operating surplus of $29 million

* Unemployment to average 8 per cent compared to national forecast of 6.5 per
cent.

* Economic growth 3.75 per cent, same as national forecast

* Business investment to fall 5.75 per cent compared with rise nationally of
3.25 per cent.

* No new or increased taxes

* Record capital works program of $5.3 billion

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            August 31, 1995 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Australia's still heading for a soft landing;
THE ECONOMY: CRUISING TO A POLL COMMENT

BYLINE: ALAN MITCHELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 495 words


JUNE quarter GDP growth may have been at the low end of market expectations, but
it was strong enough to keep the economy headed towards the 3-4 per cent soft
landing predicted by the Government for 1995-96.

Consumer spending continued to grow solidly in the quarter - and from
yesterday's July retail trade numbers is in the process of putting on another
strong performance in the September quarter. Seasonally adjusted retail sales
were up a strong 1.1 per cent in July, with the trend rate of growth estimated
to be 0.7 per cent.

Business investment in plant and equipment also appears to be growing at a solid
rate, and while non-dwelling construction was recorded down, this may be just a
reflection of the "lumpiness" of the activity being measured rather than the
underlying trend.

Consumption and investment seems to provide a strong base for the September
quarter, which will include the statistician's first estimates of the rural
recovery.

The coming quarters should also see a positive contribution from net exports as
imports slow and rural exports gather strength, which will be handy in view of
yesterday's June quarter data on foreign debt and other liabilities.

There will be some downward adjustment in stocks in the coming quarters, but in
the current fairly buoyant economic circumstances it probably will be a fairly
mild adjustment.

The national accounts and the retail and investment data are consistent with the
Budget estimate of 3.75 per cent year-average growth predicted in the May
Budget. And while the data certainly does not exclude the possibility of growth
being closer to 3 per cent, or even a little less, it does rule out the
possibility of the economy falling into a hole.

That, of course, is not why the bond market was so relieved to see yesterday's
national accounts. The market was pleased because growth in the June quarter was
not higher - as an earlier estimate of investment in business stocks had led
economists to expect.

Slower GDP growth, even if it comes from a more even distribution of investment
in stocks, is translated by the markets to mean less pressure on inflation and
interest rates.

In fact, yesterday's June quarter numbers added very little to what we know
about the pressures on prices.

The private-consumption (fixed-weight) deflator rose by 1.2 per cent in the June
quarter. That's broadly consistent with the CPI, which is not surprising because
to a large extent they are based on the same data.

At the same time, there is evidence of acceleration in wages and a decline in
labour productivity.

Growth in output per hour worked dropped from 0.4 per cent in the March quarter
to 0.2 per cent in the June quarter. This decline in measured labour
productivity was expected as the economic growth slowed. It is purely cyclical,
and while it will put pressure on production costs and prices in the short-term,
it says nothing about the Government's chances of meeting its 2-3 per cent
inflation target in the medium term.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1995 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

Farm Managers Comment on Proposed 1031 Exchange Reform

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  This coming year may see more reform and changes than we've seen in quite some
time. Tax reform related to 1031 tax-deferred exchanges can affect your clients,
especially if they're planning to sell income-producing property.





 1031 tax-deferred exchanges have existed since 1921. These exchanges allow
owners of business and investment properties to defer paying capital gains taxes
if they reinvest all proceeds from the sale of a currently owned property
(relinquished property) into a like-kind property (replacement property). Taxes
on capital gains are not recognized on the property sale if the money is used to
purchase another property. The payment is deferred until property is sold with
no reinvestment.



 What It Means for the ag community



 Many farm managers use tax-deferred exchanges to better manage their clients'
portfolios of land holdings, and they take advantage of opportunities to
consolidate land parcels to enhance synergies and resource use. Agricultural
properties, triple-net-lease investment properties, vacant and undeveloped land,
oil and gas interests, mineral rights, water rights, air rights and easements in
perpetuity are all examples of real property asset classes. Typically, these
qualify as like-kind property for tax-deferred exchanges.



 Changing this portion of the tax code could have significant effects on
landowners, the demand for farmland and rural economies.



 "Reducing this capital source equates to lower land values," says Howard
Halderman, AFM and president of Halderman Farm Management. "Lower land values
negatively impact real estate taxes (lower assessed valuations) and rural
counties as a result. This reduction will also hurt some producers' balance
sheets and impact their loans."



 Although no legislation has been introduced yet, members of Congress have
expressed interest in a tax system overhaul, including repealing 1031
tax-deferred exchanges.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 17, 2010 Saturday

Donna hopes federal grant jumpstarts small business

BYLINE: Neal Morton, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


July 17--DONNA -- Government officials here hope a new, $114,200 grant from a
federal rural development agency will spur small business investment in their
city.

Donna Mayor David Simmons said the grant, announced last week, will establish a
revolving loan fund to assist business owners who need help paying for
infrastructure, landscaping, signs and parking lots.

"The key is we want them to employ people in our community," Simmons said. "Of
course, we want the businesses in town to pay into our taxes, but we would like
our citizens to work."

The mayor said some businesses have expressed interest and the city is already
accepting applications.

City Manager Oscar Cuellar said conservative estimates suggested the fund could
create close to 25 jobs, but he expects more once loans are issued around
October.

This is the first year Donna applied for the grant, though the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Rural Development agency has awarded grants such as these to
cities like La Joya and San Juan, Cuellar said. Donna had requested $300,000 but
will pad the $114,200 with about $45,000 from the city's own coffers.

"These loans will go to flower shops, restaurants, beauty shops ... no chains or
national brands," Cuellar said. "All the costs small businesses face pile onto a
business and make it hard to stay successful."

U.S. Rep. Ruben Hinojosa, D-Mercedes, played an integral part in securing the
grant for Donna.

According to Salomon Torres, Hinojosa's district director, the congressman
rewrote population maximums that typically reserve the grant for rural, more
agriculturally based communities.

Torres said Hinojosa also introduced the city to a funding system that would
help it in the long run.

"It's our intent to help them empower themselves," Torres said. "Hopefully, they
develop their own internal expertise to provide loans and business incentives to
attract other funds."

Simmons said the city has already done that.

"We never had anybody on staff to help us with these grants previously," he
said. "Now our group is very young and intelligent. We are stressing active
reaching-out to get these types of funds."

Cuellar said the city would re-apply for the grant the moment the first loans
are issued.

____

Neal Morton covers Mission and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at (956)683-4472.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100717-MC-Donna-hopes-federal-grant-jumpstarts-small-business-20100717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2010 The Monitor


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Daily Press

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

'Enterprise zones' give food £100,000 boost in the region

BYLINE: BY SIMON COPP; simon.copp@westerndailypress.co.uk

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 461  words


Somerset food's economy stands to get £50,000 in grants after the announcement
of nine food enterprise zones, one of which will be centred on the Bath & West
Showground at Shepton Mallet.

Defra Secretary of State made the announcement this morning, also promoting
zones at Newquay in Cornwall, Worcestershire, South Downs; Cumbria;
Lincolnshire; Worcestershire; Leicestershire; Cheshire and West Sussex.

The two West Country schemes, both of which are in Liberal Democrat
constituencies targeted by the Tories, are intended to boost the UK's food
production sector, which is worth £100 billion to the UK each year and of
particular importance in the South West.

In Somerset, the Heart of the the South West LEP was behind the bid for Food
Enterprise Zone status and plans to create a new food business centre at the
Bath and West Showground, Shepton Mallet.

Helena Davidson, communications manager for the LEP, said: "The Royal Bath and
West Showground site is already an important regional venue attracting over one
million visitors a year.

"The additional investment will facilitate an additional eight to 10 hectare
site to be developed with potential to accommodate up to 23,000 sqm of
commercial premises for food and rural business.

"As well as encouraging new business investment and growth, Heart of the South
West LEP and our partners at Mendip District Council aim is to create a centre
of excellence for agri-tech & rural innovation  at the showground site. This
announcement is the latest success in our delivery of the key aims in the Heart
of the South West LEP's Strategic Economic Plan: Creating the conditions for
growth, maximising employment opportunities and building on our
distinctiveness."

The Secretary of State said: "Food Enterprise Zones will help unlock the
potential of local food and farming businesses, boosting local economies and
attracting more investment.  Consumers both here and abroad want to buy Great
British food. These zones will ensure we can grow more top quality produce and
expand our food industry, which is worth more than £100 billion a year to the UK
economy - more than cars and aerospace combined.

"Food and farming is at the heart of our long-term economic plan and vital to
securing Britain's economic future."

The announcement was enthusiastically welcomed in Cornwall where food and
farming employs 33 per cent of the local population and is worth more than £1.5
billion a year.

Sandra Rothwell, chief executive of the Cornwall & Isles of Scilly LEP, said:
"We know from setting up an Enterprise Zone with a Local Development Order at
Newquay Cornwall Airport that it can speed up investment and job creation. It
make sense to create something similar for the food sector and we are pleased
our bid has been accepted."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               December 15, 1999

Pressure grows on executive to put up promised Abis cash

BYLINE: By Alastair Mcneill And Joe Watson

SECTION: Agriculture: Grants, Pg.18

LENGTH: 563 words


PRESSURE continued to mount on the Scottish Executive yesterday to honour a
pledge to meet applications for cash under the Agricultural Business Improvement
Scheme (Abis).

Highlands and Islands farmers and crofters are out of pocket for improvement
work they thought would be covered by the troubled initiative.

A GBP 22.6million Abis deficit emerged last month following the submission of
4,000 applications for capital grants.

However, the Scottish Executive only has GBP 2.2million in the Abis kitty.

Politicians and farmers reacted with anger earlier this month when executive
Rural Affairs Minister Ross Finnie - pressed by backbench and opposition MSPs -
refused to lobby the Treasury for more cash to cover the shortfall.

Highlands and Islands politicans had been led to believe that the Government
would be able to meet demand.

In February this year, Mr Finnie's predecessor, Lord Sewel, told Orkney and
Shetland Lib Dem MSP Jim Wallace, now Depute First Minister, by letter that
resources would be applied to Abis "to ensure all outstanding commitments would
be met, as well as accommodating any upsurge in applications as a consequence of
the improvements to the scheme".

Now, Inverness East, Nairn and Lochaber SNP MSP Fergus Ewing is calling for a
Holyrood debate as a matter of urgency.

He hopes to keep the heat on the executive as Abis applications have to be
approved by December 31.

"Time is now pressing for those crofters and farmers who were encouraged by the
Government to apply for funding from the ABIS scheme," he said yesterday.

Dictatorship

"They were given a promise by a Government minister that was clear, specific and
unequivocal.

"It was a Westminster-based politician who made the promise and that promise
must be honoured. Democratic governments do not tear up the rules as they go
along. That is the hallmark of dictatorship."

The Scottish Parliament's Rural Affairs committee is currently drafting a report
on the administration of the Abis scheme and its consequences.

Mr Finnie told a delegation from the Scottish Landowners' Federation there would
be no more money for the Abis scheme, despite the shortcomings in its
administration.

Michael Gibson, the SLF's vice-convener and chairman of its agriculture
committee, said after the meeting he was still disappointed with the minister's
attitude to those who had applied to Abis in the belief they would receive grant
assistance.

Mr Gibson added: "The minister told us there were equally deserving cases for
help in Wigtownshire and Stranraer. With a finite budget under his control, he
said he could not justify releasing further sums to the Highlands and Islands to
the detriment of other areas."

Mr Gibson also raised fears about funding for the replacement Abis scheme under
the new Highlands and Islands rural development programme.

The new scheme would not be the business -investment program many had first
thought.

He said: "There is not the funding in the new scheme to pick up all the
disappointed Abis applicants, nor to provide any new form of investment scheme.

"The reality of the situation now is that, if Ross Finnie puts his head down and
keeps it down for the next 10 days, the shutters go down on Abis anyway."

Mr Gibson said industry had to ensure that any schemes similar to Abis put into
effect in the future did not meet the same fate.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             June 1, 1994 Wednesday

FARMERS GREET $80M SUPPORT OVER DROUGHT

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: COLLIE G

LENGTH: 484 words


KEYWORD-HIT Farmers greet $80m support over drought By GORDON COLLIE MORE than
$80 million will be available for drought and related aid measures for primary
producers in 1994-95. Details of state and federal commitments outlined in
yesterday's State Budget were welcomed by the rural sector. The support measures
show the high cost of the drought which still grips one third of Queensland. Key
drought spending in the coming year includes $15 million in freight subsidies,
$13 million in loans to local authorities to offset rate arrears and $14 million
for crop replanting and restocking schemes. Almost $30 million in Rural
Adjustment Scheme funds will mostly be provided by the Federal Government. Up to
$16 million will be provided for a productivity enhancement scheme in areas such
as farm build-up. Other key rural initiatives announced yesterday include a $2.4
million agribusiness export strategy, $8.9 million in state funding for sugar
industry infrastructure, and $5.85 million for catchment management and Landcare
programmes. The Primary Industries Department gets a $33.9 million budget
increase to $606 million. Queensland Farmers Federation executive officer
Michael O'Neill said the Budget was responsible and contained positive
initiatives. But there was concern about increased revenue-raising targets in
the Primary Industries, Transport and Lands departments. ""The user-pays
philosophy could impact heavily on primary producers," he said. The continuing
programme of national park acquisition with no increase in staff to manage parks
was also a concern. An average fall of 8 percent in electricity charges would be
good news for farmers, Mr O'Neill said. United Graziers Association president
Larry Acton said the Primary Industries budget had not increased in real terms
while costs and charges on producers had risen significantly. Mr Acton said most
of the Government's capital works programme was concentrated in heavily
populated coastal regions. ""We want to ensure that people living west of the
dividing range receive their fair share," he said. Mr Acton said funding for
drought assistance and Landcare were welcomed. ""On balance the Budget is a
responsible document," he said. Canegrowers general manager Ian Ballantyne said
the Budget's forecast of 5.4 percent economic growth and 19 percent growth in
business investment were extremely optimistic. Sugar producers were encouraged
by the state's $9 million commitment to infrastructure spending and the
reduction in electricity charges. Cattlemen's Union Queensland chairman Hazle
Marland said the level of drought funding would give producers heart for another
12 months. ""From the Budget and last week's $46 million rural communities
package, it is clear that the Queensland Government wishes to re-build its
bridges with rural Queensland," she said.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1994 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                            October 4, 1996, Friday

FARM WOMEN LEAD FIGHT BACK

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: THOMAS M

SECTION: ACCENT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 626 words


KEYWORD-HIT

Farm women lead fight back

FAMILIES in rural Australia have been buffeted by prolonged drought,

fluctuating commodity prices and a brutal restructuring that has cut

services to the country.

But amid the turmoil it appears that the long-suffering,

ever-silent farmer's wife has become a new potent political force in

the bush.

According to a study published in a Central Queensland University

journal ""Social Change in Rural Australia", the rise of the women's

rural movement in recent years has given a fresh and effective new

political voice to country areas.

The movement has successfully raised awareness of a raft of social,

environmental and community issues that have largely been ignored by

farmer organisations.

Such achievements are spectacular given the crippling pressures

that rural families are facing.

The rate of male youth suicide in rural Australia is spiralling.

There also is evidence emerging that there has been a rise in the rate

of domestic violence.

Added to this is the fact that services in many country areas are

being slashed as rural populations shrink, making family life in the

country extremely difficult.

In fact, the figures suggest that the pressures of life on the land

are just too much for many families. The number of farm families has

declined from 200,000 in the 1950s to 120,000 today. And it is

estimated that in another 10 years, that figure will be 70,000.

But the report's author, Margaret Alston, a senior lecturer in

social work and an associate director of the Rural Social Research

Centre at Charles Sturt University in Wagga Wagga, warns that the

women's rural movement is approaching somewhat of a crossroads.

Ms Alston, who was the organiser and co-ordinator of the first

National Rural Women's Forum at Parliament House in 1995, says there is

opposition to the movement among some male conservative leaders.

"T HE action by women is challenging the gender stereotyping which ha

s characterised the public face of agriculture and which has ensured

women have been invisible players," the report says.

""Yet, without government action and support, this challenge

cannot shift the dominant male hegemony endemic to rural society.

""The response from some traditional bodies and rural commentators

indicates a gender backlash and suggests that the future of the women's

movement remains in the balance and may yet be overturned by

deteriorating conditions and/or a change of government."

In short, the gains made by the women's rural movement are in

danger of being unwound, Ms Alston says.

In coming to terms with the problems confronting the bush, women

surely have an important role to play, especially in raising social and

family issues that in many cases have reached crisis point.

Two other reports in the same journal illustrate just how daunting

the challenges facing family farms are.

One concludes that the place of the farmer is of diminishing

importance in determining the fate of rural

regions.

The second report says that there is a leadership vacuum in the

country which is greatly affecting rural Australia's abilty to win

government support for local initiatives and services and to attract

business investment.

And it says it will only be through finding effective leaders that

the country can hope to maintain existing populations and a level of

well-being.

Things are definitely very difficult in the bush and there is

undeniably a need to encourage effective leadership in the bush for the

sake of families and entire communities.

Even if this ""encouragement" does not come from government, at

the very least, it should be in abundance in rural communities who now

need all the voice they can get.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                            July 19, 2000, Wednesday

No election war chest for Beattie - QUEENSLAND BUDGET 2000

BYLINE: STEFANIE BALOGH

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 593 words


* Queensland political reporter

THE Beattie Government will head into next year's state election with a jobless
rate flat-lining at 8per cent and Queensland's traditional economic dominance
over the rest of Australia eroded.

Labor's third Budget signals an end to Queensland's position as the nation's
growth state, with the key indicators of business investment and jobs growth
forecast to be below national trends.

The state's fiscal blueprint for the next 12 months yesterday left the
Opposition and economists claiming Premier Peter Beattie was not doing enough to
generate jobs and saying his promised mid-2003 target of achieving 5per cent
unemployment was unattainable.

Delivering what is likely to be the last Budget before the state poll, Treasurer
David Hamill said there was no electoral war chest and the Budget underlined the
Government's responsible economic stewardship and showed Queensland was "living
within our means".

He said the $18.1billion Budget, with a net operating surplus of $29million,
would cement Queensland's AAA credit rating.

The Budget has been propped up by a $150million raid on the government-owned
ports corporations.

The document forecasts economic growth at 3.75per cent next year, on par with
the national rate. Last year, Queensland recorded a better-than-predicted rate
of 4.25 per cent, underpinned by the pre-GST housing boom.

But business investment is predicted to plummet 5.75per cent against a national
forecast of a rise of 3.25per cent.

Most of Queensland's Budget spending has been earmarked for capital works,
including roads and energy projects. Two-thirds of the $5.285billion program
will be spent in rural and regional areas, and overall will sustain 61,000 jobs.

On employment, the Budget predicts the creation of 31,000 jobs. Last year, the
Government fell short of its target of 41,000 jobs, delivering 39,000. Mr
Hamill's Budget forecasts an average unemployment rate of 8per cent for the next
12 months using trend figures. The national average is predicted to drop to
6.5per cent.

The Budget focuses on education, community services and health spending, with an
extra 357 police, 1000 healthcare workers and 800 teachers over four years

Opposition Leader Rob Borbidge said the Budget forecasts showed Queensland would
not be able to "reassert its natural position of leadership in terms of economic
growth" and was the "final deserting of Mr Beattie's core election promise of
5per cent unemployment".

Michael Knox, chief economist for Morgan Stockbroking, said Queensland had been
underperforming compared with the national economy in the past year. "It's
difficult to see on the forecasts in the Budget papers how we're going to
improve," he said.

Farmers group Agforce welcomed the capital injection in the bush, but the
Brisbane-based Property Council said that if the Government wanted to produce
jobs, it was misguided to spend the bulk of its capital works budget on
one-third of the population that accounted for one-fifth of the state's growth.

The Australian Industry Group described it as a "steady as it goes" Budget.

Main points

* $18.1 billion Budget with net operating surplus of $29 million

* Unemployment to average 8 per cent compared to national forecast of 6.5 per
cent

* Economic growth 3.75 per cent, same as national forecast

* Business Investment to fall 5.75 per cent compared with rise nationally of
3.25 per cent

* No new or increased taxes

* Record capital works program of $5.3 billion

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                            July 19, 2000, Wednesday

No election war chest for Beattie - QUEENSLAND BUDGET 2000

BYLINE: STEFANIE BALOGH

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 593 words


* Queensland political reporter

THE Beattie Government will head into next year's state election with a jobless
rate flat-lining at 8per cent and Queensland's traditional economic dominance
over the rest of Australia eroded.

Labor's third Budget signals an end to Queensland's position as the nation's
growth state, with the key indicators of business investment and jobs growth
forecast to be below national trends.

The state's fiscal blueprint for the next 12 months yesterday left the
Opposition and economists claiming Premier Peter Beattie was not doing enough to
generate jobs and saying his promised mid-2003 target of achieving 5per cent
unemployment was unattainable.

Delivering what is likely to be the last Budget before the state poll, Treasurer
David Hamill said there was no electoral war chest and the Budget underlined the
Government's responsible economic stewardship and showed Queensland was "living
within our means".

He said the $18.1billion Budget, with a net operating surplus of $29million,
would cement Queensland's AAA credit rating.

The Budget has been propped up by a $150million raid on the government-owned
ports corporations.

The document forecasts economic growth at 3.75per cent next year, on par with
the national rate. Last year, Queensland recorded a better-than-predicted rate
of 4.25 per cent, underpinned by the pre-GST housing boom.

But business investment is predicted to plummet 5.75per cent against a national
forecast of a rise of 3.25per cent.

Most of Queensland's Budget spending has been earmarked for capital works,
including roads and energy projects. Two-thirds of the $5.285billion program
will be spent in rural and regional areas, and overall will sustain 61,000 jobs.

On employment, the Budget predicts the creation of 31,000 jobs. Last year, the
Government fell short of its target of 41,000 jobs, delivering 39,000. Mr
Hamill's Budget forecasts an average unemployment rate of 8per cent for the next
12 months using trend figures. The national average is predicted to drop to
6.5per cent.

The Budget focuses on education, community services and health spending, with an
extra 357 police, 1000 healthcare workers and 800 teachers over four years

Opposition Leader Rob Borbidge said the Budget forecasts showed Queensland would
not be able to "reassert its natural position of leadership in terms of economic
growth" and was the "final deserting of Mr Beattie's core election promise of
5per cent unemployment".

Michael Knox, chief economist for Morgan Stockbroking, said Queensland had been
underperforming compared with the national economy in the past year. "It's
difficult to see on the forecasts in the Budget papers how we're going to
improve," he said.

Farmers group Agforce welcomed the capital injection in the bush, but the
Brisbane-based Property Council said that if the Government wanted to produce
jobs, it was misguided to spend the bulk of its capital works budget on
one-third of the population that accounted for one-fifth of the state's growth.

The Australian Industry Group described it as a "steady as it goes" Budget.

Main points

* $18.1 billion Budget with net operating surplus of $29 million

* Unemployment to average 8 per cent compared to national forecast of 6.5 per
cent

* Economic growth 3.75 per cent, same as national forecast

* Business Investment to fall 5.75 per cent compared with rise nationally of
3.25 per cent

* No new or increased taxes

* Record capital works program of $5.3 billion

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                             August 9, 2009 Sunday
                                 First Edition

'Raising the white flag': Premier accused of giving up on state goals;
EXCLUSIVE

BYLINE: LISA CARTY NSW POLITICAL EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 565 words


THE NSW Government has been accused of giving up on making the state a better,
smarter, safer place by abandoning or rewriting its targets for cutting crime,
providing better education and improving service.

In the same way it redefined "on time" to include trains that were up to five
minutes late, the Government has taken the axe to the State Plan to abolish or
amend targets that were hard to meet.

A draft of the new plan shows the aim of achieving "increased satisfaction with
government services" has disappeared, as have the targets of reducing child
abuse and neglect, increasing vocational education and training, and increasing
business investment in rural and regional NSW.

A target to "reduce problems with louts, noisy neighbours, public drunkenness
and hoons" has been rewritten to "reduce the proportion of the NSW population
who perceive problems with louts, noisy neighbours, public drunkenness,
vandalism and hoon driving".

Goals of increasing literacy and numeracy have been watered down. By 2016, there
will be a 20 per cent reduction in the number of poor-performing students,
compared with the original goal of a 30 per cent reduction.

In health, a target to "achieve national benchmarks for timely access to
emergency departments and surgical treatment by 2008" has been rewritten to
delete the reference to 2008, and acknowledge the issue of "rising demand".

The Opposition Leader, Barry O'Farrell, accused the Government of "raising the
white flag" on improvements to basic services such as trains, roads and
hospitals. â[#x20ac]oeBy removing the target to report on satisfaction with
State Government services, [the Premier] Nathan Rees has admitted Labor has run
out of ideas and offers no hope to families, pensioners and businesses of any
improvement. It's also a glaring admission of failure and incompetence from a
State Government that's had 14 years to get it right.

"Just when you thought Labor couldn't lower the bar any further, Nathan Rees has
removed it altogether."

The latest annual report on the State Plan, released quietly in May, showed the
Government was failing to meet targets ranging from reducing drunkenness to
improving air quality. The report, released on the same day as the Federal
Budget, also showed targets in relation to property crime, recidivism, child
abuse and hospital admissions were not met.

The State Plan was released by the former premier Morris Iemma in November 2006
with the promise it would "set the priorities and goals" of the NSW government
for the next 10 years.

It cost $1.9 million to produce â[#x20ac]" including sending ministers on a
travelling roadshow of community consultation â[#x20ac]" and was backed by a
$2.6 million advertising campaign which ran just months before the March 2007
election.

An earlier advertising campaign inviting submissions to the plan cost $1
million. Mr Rees said the revised State Plan would remain focused on priorities
such as education, health, community safety and the environment.

"When the State Plan was launched ... the Government promised a full review
after three years to ensure the plan continues to remain relevant and
effective," he said. "Around 75 per cent of the targets remain the same, while
others have been adjusted to meet changing needs and demands. Homelessness has
become a greater concern and is a new priority area."

He said ministers were on community consultation tour again this month.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             August 30, 2002 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Costello upbeat on economy but business tightens its belt

BYLINE: Matt Wade

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 414 words


Australian companies are winding back their investment plans in the wake of the
world's sharemarket woes but the Federal Treasurer, Peter Costello, says
business investment will still be strong enough to protect the economy from a
looming housing slump.

Although business capital spending was up 5.6 per cent in the June quarter to
$10.37 billion, companies have downgraded their investment intentions for the
remainder of this financial year, the Bureau of Statistics said.

Some economists believe this is a worrying sign, because official economic
forecasts have assumed business investment will take over as a key driver of
economic growth in the months ahead as the housing sector cools.

Housing construction has underpinned Australian growth since recovering from a
slump due to the introduction of the GST in 2000, but the sector is expected to
slow in the months ahead.

Analysts attributed the weaker-than-expected business investment intent- ions to
concerns about the health of the world economy and recent sharemarket
volatility, especially in the United States.

The senior economist with Macquarie Bank, Brian Redican, said the hurdles facing
the domestic economy over the next year were getting more challenging.

"In particular, the extent to which firms have scaled back planned investment
spending raises questions about the extent to which investment will be able to
sustain domestic growth."

But Mr Costello told Parliament yesterday that capital investment would still be
sufficiently vigorous to offset a weakening housing sector.

"[It] is consistent with the Government's Budget forecast that business
investment would be strong and take up some of the slack from the [expected
downturn in the] housing cycle," Mr Costello said.

The Commonwealth Bank's chief economist, Michael Blythe, echoed Mr Costello,
saying the capital expenditure figures were reasonably good considering the
questions over global growth.

"Spending plans took a hit from the global turmoil," he said.

"But there was enough resilience in those plans to indicate that double-digit
business investment growth is still on the cards for 2002-03."

Meanwhile, Australia registered its ninth trade deficit in a row last month,
although the gap narrowed to $653 million from the $1 billion blow-out in June.

Exports were up almost3 per cent, led by non-rural goods, especially crude oil,
natural gas and metals.

Despite the rise in exports last month, economists said the string of trade
deficits was likely to continue.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Mr Costello

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Govt focusing on creating business & investment friendly policies: Awais

LENGTH: 382  words


Pakistan and Japan are good by trading partner & the bi-lateral relationship
will grow under the leadership of Prime Minister, Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif.

The present government is focusing on creating business & investment friendly
policies. This was stated by Awais Ahmad Khan Laghari Chairman Standing
Committee on Foreign Affairs National Assembly, welcoming Mitsuyoshi Kawasaki,
Chief Representative of JICA.

While Briefing Mitsuyoshi Kawasaki, about the achievement of the Standing
Committee Laghari said that the Standing Committee is now operating as a think
tank for the government of Pakistan on the issue relating the Foreign Policy. It
advises the government on issues of relationship of major contributions and its
views and taking seriously by the government. All major parties are represented
by the senior parliamentarians.

The government of Pakistan is looking for building constructive relationship
with the donor's country which contributed to the economy. The need to be
recognized by the civil society and by the government, Laghari appreciated the
contribution & Cooperation of JICA fund in Pakistan.

In his remarks Mitsuyoshi Kawasaki said that Pakistan & JICA enjoy 60 years of
Cooperation. JICA wishes to bring Japanese technology to Pakistan & focus
technology operation for big project simply for power &agriculture sector. The
Japanese add agencies invested more than 50 million US $ in the power sector and
also contributed 50 million US $ for Polio eradication through W.H.O. Laghari
while highlighting the visionary leadership of the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Said the 1st year of government has strengthened the business & Economy in the
country.

The Prime Minister is taking personal interest in empowering the youth and women
along with other marginalized section of the society. According to Mitsuyoshi
Kawasaki, Japanese is single donor to Pakistan and gives special importance to
its operation in Pakistan. Both sides agreed to hold a seminar in Islamabad
attended by the JICA & Members of National Assembly Standing Committee on
Foreign Affairs.

In order to attract more Japanese investment in Pakistan Laghari lead special
emphasis community participation in development in Micro-Financing schemes at
gross roots level and Rural Areas need to be developed.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Govt focusing on creating business & investment friendly policies: Awais

LENGTH: 382  words


Pakistan and Japan are good by trading partner & the bi-lateral relationship
will grow under the leadership of Prime Minister, Mian Muhammad Nawaz Sharif.

The present government is focusing on creating business & investment friendly
policies. This was stated by Awais Ahmad Khan Laghari Chairman Standing
Committee on Foreign Affairs National Assembly, welcoming Mitsuyoshi Kawasaki,
Chief Representative of JICA.

While Briefing Mitsuyoshi Kawasaki, about the achievement of the Standing
Committee Laghari said that the Standing Committee is now operating as a think
tank for the government of Pakistan on the issue relating the Foreign Policy. It
advises the government on issues of relationship of major contributions and its
views and taking seriously by the government. All major parties are represented
by the senior parliamentarians.

The government of Pakistan is looking for building constructive relationship
with the donor's country which contributed to the economy. The need to be
recognized by the civil society and by the government, Laghari appreciated the
contribution & Cooperation of JICA fund in Pakistan.

In his remarks Mitsuyoshi Kawasaki said that Pakistan & JICA enjoy 60 years of
Cooperation. JICA wishes to bring Japanese technology to Pakistan & focus
technology operation for big project simply for power &agriculture sector. The
Japanese add agencies invested more than 50 million US $ in the power sector and
also contributed 50 million US $ for Polio eradication through W.H.O. Laghari
while highlighting the visionary leadership of the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Said the 1st year of government has strengthened the business & Economy in the
country.

The Prime Minister is taking personal interest in empowering the youth and women
along with other marginalized section of the society. According to Mitsuyoshi
Kawasaki, Japanese is single donor to Pakistan and gives special importance to
its operation in Pakistan. Both sides agreed to hold a seminar in Islamabad
attended by the JICA & Members of National Assembly Standing Committee on
Foreign Affairs.

In order to attract more Japanese investment in Pakistan Laghari lead special
emphasis community participation in development in Micro-Financing schemes at
gross roots level and Rural Areas need to be developed.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 15, 2017 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

SUNDAY ISSUE: LEGISLATIVE AGENDA 2017;
Awareness that should yield action

BYLINE: Andre Jackson, for the Editorial Board.; Staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 624 words


Success can be seen as successfully managing the intersection of challenges,
opportunities and action. Each affects the other.

That insight seems especially clear heading into this year. And it carries
implications for both this nation and Georgia.

A hard-fought, divisive clash of an election year yielded decisive results and
substantive changes in elected leadership across the country. The message
delivered was quite clear.

Voters demand a strong shift in how government operates. At the core of that
desire is a cry for increased prosperity, especially among those at risk of
being left further behind as the American economy continues to morph as only
free-enter-prise systems can do.

That sentiment is felt just as strongly in Georgia. And there are encouraging
signs that the state's elected and business leaders both seem attuned to
shortcomings that demand corrective work. That was evident during last week's
rounds of speechifying that traditionally serve as a debut for what the Georgia
General Assembly's annual agenda will revolve around.

The Georgia Chamber of Commerce's Eggs & Issues breakfast usually begins this
process of table-setting for the big issues. Chamber President and CEO Chris
Clark wisely pointed out the need to improve economic conditions across Georgia,
especially in struggling rural areas. "We can't have a healthy economy if half
of our counties lose population and rural hospitals close," he told the
audience.

Clark raises an excellent point for Georgia, one that deserves concerted, swift
action by state lawmakers on the economic-impact levers that government
controls. Improving sub-par K-12 schools and addressing the state's health care
shortcomings top that list, in our view.

Lawmakers should quickly begin work toward reinforcing the financial situation
of struggling rural hospitals. Dawdling will only continue to leave these areas
overtaxed when it comes to luring investment that creates jobs and bolsters tax
bases -- or enhancing the health of citizens by reducing unnecessary suffering
from inadequate health care.

In his Eggs & Issues remarks, Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle noted that, "for those who do
have health insurance, the choices are too few and the costs are too high."
True. In addition, it should be unacceptable that more than 500,000 Georgians
lack any form of health insurance. Creating the attractive environment for
business and investment that state officials constantly claim as Job 1 demands
much more than that.

Fixing Georgia's failing schools is also vital to maximizing our human
potential. Doing so will also increase our economic performance. The two are
tightly intertwined.

With that recognition broadly shared by lawmakers of both parties, we eagerly
await legislative proposals this year to address entrenched problems in the
state's worst public schools. Given the defeat of the Opportunity School
District in November, devising and enacting new fixes is critical.

Ultimately, Georgia stands the best chance at solving its public policy problems
creatively, efficiently and effectively if empathy is part of our toolkit. More
than one Eggs & Issues speaker mentioned the need to address poverty and the
corrosive effects it spills over onto opportunity and potential.

Lt. Gov. Cagle told attendees that, "as a child of a single mom, I know what
it's like to live in a trailer, I know what it's like to live in an apartment
and I know what it's like to live in a house."

His experience is one that is distressingly common, even in today's Georgia that
has come a long way in a relatively short time.

This year's legislative session should see decisive new solutions that will push
us further toward greater economic opportunity for all who're willing to jump in
and do their part.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2017 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                             March 13, 2009 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

Banks get fund for rainy day

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 213 words


CANBERRA: The Federal Government has introduced to Parliament draft laws setting
up a $4 billion contingency fund with the four major banks to refinance
commercial properties if money from foreign lenders dries up.

The Commonwealth will hold a 50 per cent share in the $4 billion Australian
Business Investment Partnership (ABIP), while the four major banks -- ANZ,
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Westpac and NAB each will take a 12.5 per cent
share.

The Australian Business Investment Partnership Bill 2009 would provide $2
billion, while each of the banks would supply $500 million. The partnership
would be able to issue up to $26 billion in debt if additional financing beyond
the $4 billion was needed.

But it would only be able to issue debt with the unanimous agreement of all
shareholders.

The debt would be Government guaranteed and would attract a fee on a sliding
scale of up to about 150 basis points.

Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner said the partnership would only fund commercial
property where the underlying assets, and income streams from those assets, were
financially viable.

Property outside Australia, land banks, speculative development assets and rural
property would not be financed.

The Government would wind up the deal if credit markets improved, Mr Tanner
said.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (Pakistan)

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

PAKSAT-1R to start commercial operations

LENGTH: 278 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 18 -- Communication satellite, PAKSAT-1R will start its
commercial operations in October 2011 is expected to enhance broadcast and
broadband capabilities of the country.

The Satellite, successfully launched in August this year, will orbit at 23,000
miles above the surface of the earth.

It is a great milestone in the field of Science and Technology for the people of
Pakistan and a big step towards the economic prosperity of the country.

The communication satellite will operate from orbital location of 38 degree east
longitude and will offer C and KU band coverage in over 75 countries across
Europe,Africa,Middle East, South and Central Asia.

It will not only play important role in socio-economic development of the
country but will also provide educational opportunities,better health
services,stimulate private sector business and investment.

Communication satellite will provide telecom operators and government, a cost
effective way to extend essential telecom services to the farthest corners of
the country.

Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of medical
professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries which
often lack communication infrastructure.

Today, communication satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical
care,enhance its quality,provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery. Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
Statesman. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 MASHRIQ GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday
                              CourierMail Edition

POLICY IN FOR A LOW IMPACT

BYLINE: MATTHEW KILLORAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 394  words


THE majority of the Palas-zczuk Government's economic election commitments would
have a low impact on job creation and the economy, accor-ding to independent
public service assessment.

Leaked Cabinet documents of the Queensland Economic Action Plan included
examination of 61 election commitments from Labor, but only nine were listed as
having higher than a "low" impact on job creation.

This is despite Labor's "jobs, jobs, jobs" mantra during January's election
campaign.

Less than half the policies were rated as having a medium impact on business
investment.

Despite the document listing the election commitments, Treasurer Curtis Pitt
distanced himself from the policies.

"This is not the Palaszczuk Government economic policy. It says clearly it's not
government policy," he said.

Even the new Townsville stadium, to which the Government has committed $100
million and predicted to create 1000 jobs, was ranked as having a low impact on
employment and business confidence.

The Government's Budget centrepiece, Advance Queensland, also scored
consistently low across the board.

Job programs specifically aimed at stimulating employment, including creating
the Rural Jobs Agency and Skilling Queenslanders for Work, also failed to
impress the assessors.

This is despite Skilling Queenslanders pegged to cost $240 million over four
years and promising to create 32,000 jobs.

Election promises to score at least a medium rating for job creation included
creating the Jobs Queensland agency, establishing a red-tape reduction council
and a fund for infrastructure projects in provincial cities and rural areas.

Asked about the low job creation rating for Labor's election commitments, a
spokesman for Mr Pitt referred to employment figures released yesterday.

The figures show unemployment remained static at 6.3 per cent for the September
quarter, while Mr Pitt said that it shows 34,500 new jobs had been created since
January.

"The total number of un-employed people in Queensland has fallen since the state
election as our positive economic agenda helps more Queenslanders back to work,"
he said in a statement.

Opposition Leader Lawrence Springborg said the report provided by the public
service was objective and painted a poor picture of the policies."The majority
of the Government's own commitments have very, very limited positive economic
impact on the state," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Concerns for secondary cities

BYLINE: Asit K. Biswas and Kris Hartley

LENGTH: 1243  words


Urbanization is vital to China's development over the next decade. The secondary
cities will be just as important as the first-tier cities.

Urbanization is vital to China's development over the next decade. In fact, the
secondary cities will be just as important as the first-tier cities, if not more
so, because they will play a key role in fueling China's inland growth.

With a combined population of 43 million, nearly the size of Spain's, and a
combined GDP of $550 billion, which would rank 20th in the world, China's two
flagship cities have often determined the economic fate of the rest of the
country. They are also prime examples of the challenges for megacities, such as
escalating house prices, traffic gridlock, extensive air and water pollution,
and overcrowding.

Sanyuanzhu village is a demonstration village for Weifang's "new countryside", a
key part of ongoing government efforts to promote urbanization. Provided to
China Daily

However, the megacities are no longer the only story. It is estimated that in
the coming decades China's urban population will grow by 250 million.

The accelerating rural-to-urban population migration will increasingly impact
China's secondary cities, those with populations between 1 and 10 million (some
135 cities in total). It is these cities that are expected to absorb much of the
country's growth in the coming years.

The global emergence of the inland secondary cities in China is a result of
shifting patterns of business investment, the lower costs of living, their
healthier environments and ambitious local leadership. Reforms to the household
registration system, such as those proposed by Chengdu, are also facilitating
rural to inland urban migration as benefits are extended to the families of
migrant workers.

In September, Premier Li Keqiang emphasized the importance of economic expansion
in inland China, describing these areas as the "biggest space" for development.

The majority of China's rapidly growing second-tier cities are in the central
and western provinces, and their proximity to large rural populations and low
land costs will drive growth, as workers seek industrial jobs closer to their
home regions.

This opportunity is already recognized in the international business
environment. For example, since 2005, more than one-third of Changsha's foreign
direct investment has come from Western countries.

This growth is partly the result of a new policy model. A common vision for
urbanization is growth driven by the consumption of the middle- and high-income
groups. Rising disposable incomes are expected to support domestic demand for
locally manufactured products. According to the World Bank, domestic consumption
accounted for only 36 percent of China's GDP in 2011. It accounted for 72
percent in the United States that year, 65 percent in the United Kingdom, and 59
percent in India. China's domestic markets have the potential to sustain the
economic growth of secondary cities, even if the global economy continues to
stagnate.

What makes secondary cities different from primary cities? Aside from being
smaller and having less economic activity, second-tier cities represent unique
opportunities. First, they can learn from the mistakes of the congested, crowded
and poorly planned first-tier cities. These lessons include preserving historic
buildings, planning for congestion, creating green spaces to enhance the urban
environment, and maintaining clean air and water.

Second, they have greater flexibility to seize potential economic opportunities:
They are closer to the untapped inland consumers and the inland labor markets,
and their land costs are significantly lower than megacities. They also have
more recently constructed infrastructure, which is better designed and more
up-to-date. Communications technology, commercial parks, institutional
structures, or enabling entrepreneurship, whatever it is, secondary cities are
often in the early planning stages and do not have to work around legacy
infrastructure and entrenched institutional and political systems. The inland
cities are now witnessing the relocation of heavy industries from coastal areas
and growth in the high-value technology sector.

However, such growth is not always rosy for secondary cities. In central areas
large real estate projects spring up where much-loved historical neighborhoods
once stood. At the suburban edges, a new wave of modern development is
encroaching on farmland and villages. And as property values rise in the
secondary cities, conversion of land into taxable residential and commercial
properties is a common way for local governments to raise revenue.

Also rapid city-level economic growth is not always sustainable. Cities
capturing fast growth at the margins of economic expansion risk losing it just
as quickly. For example, Yantian, once an agricultural town on the fringes of
the Pearl River Delta, experienced high growth from foreign industrial
investment throughout the 1990s. Today, however, fewer than half of its
manufacturing facilities are still operating. The faltering global economy,
rising wages, and a stronger renminbi (up 34 percent against the US dollar since
2005) drove many local manufacturers to bankruptcy.

Cities losing manufacturing can experience rapid population decline, which
weakens the consumer base. This is especially true for cities that fail to
address the pitfalls of the household registration system, as workers denied
social support services are increasingly transient.

China's secondary cities will also suffer a widening infrastructure deficit as
population growth - both native and migratory - strains existing systems.
Nearsighted urban planning strategies emphasizing speed over prudence have
exacerbated this problem.

The benefits of urban real estate development are uncertain. Some inland cities
are now experiencing an oversupply of housing. This undermines the strategy of
"building to grow." Additionally, some farmers have aggressively protested at
the seizure of agricultural land for commercial purposes when they were not been
paid the market prices.

Finally, an ageing workforce and slowing population growth rate are creating
economic headwinds in China, impacting not only secondary cities but all cities.
Indeed, the UN projects that China's labor force is expected to shrink by 67
million between 2010 and 2030. By 2030, China will have more elderly people than
the current population in the US.

Secondary cities must have diversified growth strategies and a sustainable
competitive position to survive inevitable economic slowdowns.

Economic growth will produce many job opportunities in China's inland cities, as
producers in the coastal megacities suffer lower productivity due to congestion
and higher labor and land costs.

However, wise planning can help to mitigate these inevitable impact of problems
in the inland cities. Decision-makers should start by heeding the lessons to be
learned from the development experiences of the country's megacities.

China's inland secondary cities have a roadmap to achieve this goal, but it will
require visionary leadership and comprehensive policies that address all
dimensions of urban society.

Asit K. Biswas is the distinguished visiting professor at the Lee Kuan Yew
School of Public Policy, Singapore, and co-founder of the Third World Centre for
Water Management. Kris Hartley is a doctoral student at the Lee Kuan Yew School
of Public Policy.

(China Daily 11/12/2013 page9)

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2013 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday
                                   Edition 2

After 60 years of ups and downs, rolling hills of Sussex are newest national
park

BYLINE: Valerie Elliott

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 623 words


Its gently rolling chalk uplands, wooded greens and river valleys are vastly
different to the wilderness and upland terrain of Britain's longstanding
national parks.

But 60 years after it was first mooted, the South Downs - whose 627 square miles
(1,624 sq km) are surrounded by some of southern England's most congested
settlements - is to join them as Britain's newest national park.

The South Downs, a favourite beauty spot for millions that stretches from
Winchester to Eastbourne and includes Beachy Head and the stunning Seven Sisters
Cliffs, is to be protected in perpetuity for walkers and wildlife. Rare species
inhabiting the downland and heath include colonies of barbastelle and
Bechstein's bats, woodland butterflies such as the pearl-bordered fritillary and
the wood white, birds such as woodlark and nightjar and plants such as musk
orchid, rock rose and harebell.

Its special conservation status was approved yesterday by Hilary Benn, the
Environment Secretary, and a new national park authority is to be set up in
April next year, to become fully operational by 2011.

The park will also include the western Weald, Lewes and the village of Ditchling
inside the boundary - a move seen as a victory for rural campaigners, such as
Sir Martin Doughty, the former chairman of Natural England who died three weeks
ago, and the writer Bill Bryson, president of the Campaign to Protect Rural
England (CPRE).

The planning inspector initially rejected this area from the park but after
influential pressure agreed to a U-turn. The move also has powerful critics -
especially local councils who fear that they will be blocked from building roads
and houses by strict new planning rules. Many householders may benefit from an
eventual increase in property prices but some farmers and landowners are
concerned that new business ventures will fall foul of the new park authority.

Nick Herbert, the Conservative rural affairs spokesman and MP for Arundel &
South Downs, opposes the move and said yesterday that a future Tory
administration would keep it "under review". The issue is certain to be a
battleground for votes at the local and European elections in June.

The creation of a South Downs national park has been a long haul. It was first
suggested 60 years ago and it is more than a decade since John Prescott, the
former Deputy Prime Minister, won a standing ovation at a Labour Party
conference promising to bring it about.

The approval comes after a 19-month public inquiry. Mr Benn said: "It is fitting
that, in this year, the 60th anniversary of the radical legislation that gave
birth to national parks, we are celebrating an addition to the family.

"National park status can be a real boost to the rural economy, attracting new
visitors, businesses and investment, but above all, the South Downs' wonderful
countryside will be protected for ever for the enjoyment of everyone."
Campaigners are now keen to persuade ministers to offer similar protection to
other important pieces of landscape. The status of the Howgill hills and land
between Sedbergh and Kendal is already being reviewed by Natural England, the
Government's landscape advisers, as a possible extension to the national parks
in the Lake District and the Yorkshire Dales.

Tom Oliver, the rural policy adviser at the CPRE, said hoped that the Black
Mountains in Herefordshire, which are part of the Brecon Beacons National Park,
would also gain protection.

A statement from the CPRE congratulated the Government on providing such "a
great gift to the nation".

Britain's National Parks

Brecon Beacons Cairngorms Dartmoor Exmoor Lake District Loch Lomond and the
Trossachs New Forest Northumberland North York Moors Peak District Pembrokeshire
coast Snowdonia Yorkshire Dales

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Some walkers think there is little to the Downs but a nice stroll - but
old hands say there are plenty of surprises
ANDREW HASSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1

After 60 years of ups and downs, rolling hills of Sussex are newest national
park

BYLINE: Valerie Elliott

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 621 words


Its gently rolling chalk uplands, wooded greens and river valleys are vastly
different to the wilderness and upland terrain of Britain's longstanding
national parks.

But 60 years after it was first mooted, the South Downs - whose 627 square miles
(1,624 sq km) are surrounded by some of southern England's most congested
settlements - is to join them as Britain's newest national park.

The South Downs, a favourite beauty spot for millions that stretches from
Winchester to Eastbourne and includes Beachy Head and the stunning Seven Sisters
Cliffs, is to be protected in perpetuity for walkers and wildlife. Rare species
inhabiting the downland and heath include colonies of barbastelle and
Bechstein's bats, woodland butterflies such as the pearl-bordered fritillary and
the wood white, birds such as woodlark and nightjar and plants such as musk
orchid, rock rose and harebell.

Its special conservation status was approved yesterday by Hilary Benn, the
Environment Secretary, and a new national park authority is to be set up in
April next year, to become fully operational by 2011.

The park will also include the western Weald, Lewes and the village of Ditchling
inside the boundary - a move seen as a victory for rural campaigners, such as
Sir Martin Doughty, the former chairman of Natural England who died three weeks
ago, and the writer Bill Bryson, president of the Campaign to Protect Rural
England (CPRE).

The planning inspector initially rejected this area from the park but after
influential pressure agreed to a U-turn.

The move also has powerful critics - especially local councils who fear that
they will be blocked from building roads and houses by strict new planning
rules. Many householders may benefit from an eventual increase in property
prices but some farmers and landowners are concerned that new business ventures
will fall foul of the new park authority.

Nick Herbert, the Conservative rural affairs spokesman and MP for Arundel &
South Downs, opposes the move and said yesterday that a future Tory
administration would keep it "under review". The issue is certain to be a
battleground for votes at the local and European elections in June.

The creation of a South Downs national park has been a long haul. It was first
suggested 60 years ago and it is more than a decade since John Prescott, the
former Deputy Prime Minister, won a standing ovation at a Labour Party
conference promising to bring it about.

The approval comes after a 19-month public inquiry. Mr Benn said: "It is fitting
that, in this year, the 60th anniversary of the radical legislation that gave
birth to national parks, we are celebrating an addition to the family.

"National park status can be a real boost to the rural economy, attracting new
visitors, businesses and investment, but above all, the South Downs' wonderful
countryside will be protected for ever for the enjoyment of everyone."
Campaigners are now keen to persuade ministers to offer similar protection to
other important pieces of landscape. The status of the Howgill hills and land
between Sedbergh and Kendal is already being reviewed by Natural England, the
Government's landscape advisers, as a possible extension to the national parks
in the Lake District and the Yorkshire Dales.

Tom Oliver, the rural policy adviser at the CPRE, said hoped that the Black
Mountains in Herefordshire, which are part of the Brecon Beacons National Park,
would also gain protection.

A statement from the CPRE congratulated the Government on providing such "a
great gift to the nation".

Britain's National Parks

Brecon Beacons

Cairngorms

Dartmoor

Exmoor

Lake District

Loch Lomond and the Trossachs

New Forest Northumberland

North York Moors

Peak District

Pembrokeshire coast

Snowdonia

Yorkshire Dales

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Some walkers think there is little to the Downs but a nice stroll - but
old hands say there are plenty of surprises
ANDREW HASSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 1999 State Bar of Nevada
                                 Nevada Lawyer

                                 November, 1999

                               7 Nevada Lawyer 14

LENGTH: 2465 words

FEATURE: FOCUS: IMMIGRATION LAW: ENTERING THE UNITED STATES

by Jack C. Juan, Esq.

Jack C. Juan graduated from the college of law at the University of Utah. He is
currently an associate at the law firm of Marquis & Aurbach. Mr. Juan's practice
includes immigration law, eminent domain, litigation.

TEXT:

    [*14]  The United States of America, home of the free and land of the brave.
Each year, thousands of people seek to enter this great country to visit and
sample our culture, for business and investment purposes, or to immigrate in the
hope of a better life. To legally enter the United States, a visa is needed.

I. Petitioning and Applying for a United States Visa

   Obtaining a visa is a two-step process. First, the person seeking the visa
(generally referred to as an "alien") n1 or someone on the alien's behalf must
file a petition with the local Immigration and Naturalization Service ("INS")
office or the United States Consulate's office in the alien's home country. n2
The petition is a formal request to the United States government for permission
to go on to step two -- filing a visa application. The petition consists of
specific immigration forms, supporting documents, and, if needed, a labor
certification from the Department of Labor ("DOL").


n1 8 U.S.C.A. § 1101(a)(3)(1985).
n2 Id. § 1154 (Supp. 1998) (petitioning for immigration visas) and § 1184(c)
(Supp. 1998) (petitioning for non-immigrant visas).

   If the petition is approved, then a date will be set as to when an
application may be submitted. The application date is known as the priority
date. An application can not be submitted before the priority date. Like the
petition, the application consists of specific immigration forms, supporting
documents, and a possible DOL certification.

   Depending on the circumstances and type of visa sought, sometimes a petition
is enough or both the petition and application may be submitted at the same time
to obtain the visa. The particular procedure for obtaining a visa will depend on
the type of visa sought, the United States Consulate's office in the alien's
home country, and/or the local INS office. It is always best to contact the
place where the petition and application will be filed for the proper procedures
on obtaining the desired visa.

II. Types of Visas

   There are two general visa categories -- immigrant n3 and non-immigrant. n4
The two visas are further sub-divided depending on the basis for obtaining the
visa. Keep in mind that the United States government grants a certain number of
visas each year. This annual limit depends on the particular visa sought and the
alien's home country.


n3 Id. § 1153 (Supp. 1998).
n4 Id. § 1101(a)(15) and 1184 (Supp. 1998).

A. Immigrant Visas ("Green Cards")

   Immigrant visas are officially known as alien registration receipt cards or
popularly known as green cards, because they used to be a green color. An
immigrant visa grants its holder permanent residency status in the United States
and allows the holder to live and work here. Immigrant visas also allow the
holder of the visa to travel in and out of the country without having to reapply
for another visa.

   Immigrant visas are awarded based on family and employment. They also can be
obtained through the green card lottery. In addition, refugees, asylums, people
from select countries, and certain classes of individuals may qualify for
immigrant visas.

1. Family-Based

   Immigrant visas can be based on family members who are citizens or green card
holders. A United States citizen can petition for immigrant visas on behalf of a
parent, spouse, or sibling. Green card holders also are eligible to petition for
family-based visas, but only for their spouses and children.

   Family-based visas are divided into two general preferential categories:
immediate relatives n5 and other preferred family members. n6 There are key
differences between the two categories. For example, unlike other family
preferred  [*15]  visas, there is no quota on immediate relative visas.
Moreover, there is no waiting list for immediate relatives and the visas are
granted as soon as the papers are processed.


n5 Id. § 1151(b)(2)(A)(I) (Supp. 1998).
n6 Id. § 1153(a) (Supp. 1998).

   Those eligible for immediate relative-based visas are: spouses of United
States citizens; parents of United States citizens if the citizen is 21 years or
older; widows/widowers of United States citizens, who were married to the
deceased for at least 24 months and widowed within 24 months of the visa
petition; unmarried children under 21 years of age, with at least one United
States citizen parent; adopted children of a United States citizen if the child
was formally adopted before his or her 16th birthday; and stepchildren or
stepparents of United States citizens if the family relationship started before
the stepchild's 18th birthday.

   The remaining family visas are based on other preferred family relationships.
There are yearly quotas on these preferential visas and sometimes a waiting list
of several years. If an immigrant visa is obtained under the family preference
category, the visa holder's spouse and unmarried children under 21 years old can
also obtain the same visa as a beneficiary of the visa holder. The preferred
family member visas fall into the following categories:

     1) First Family-Based Preference immigrant visas: available for adult
     (age 21 or older), unmarried sons and daughters of a United States
     citizen. To obtain this visa, the son and daughter must have never
     been married or must be divorced or widowed.
     2) Second Family-Based Preference immigrant visas: available for
     spouses and unmarried children of green card holders. (Unmarried
     children under 21 years old have preference over those 21 years of age
     or older).
     3) Third Family-Based Preference immigrant visas: available for
     married sons and daughters of United States citizens.
     4) Fourth Family-Based Preference immigrant visas: available for
     brothers and sisters of United States citizens, age 21 or older.

2. Employment-Based

   Another way to obtain an immigrant visa is based on employment. n7 With some
exceptions, these visas usually require a definite job offer from a United
States employer. The employer may have to file a labor certification with the
DOL and a petition with the INS or the United States Consulate in the alien's
home country. Thereafter, an application for an employment-based visa can be
filed. Like family-based visas, employment-based visas are divided into
preferences.


n7 Id. § 1153(b) (Supp. 1998).

   The First Employment-Based Preference (EB-1) visas are for priority workers.
These workers include persons of extraordinary ability in arts, sciences,
business, education, or athletics. They must show documentation of national or
international acclaim or recognition in their particular field of ability.
Executives  [*16]  and managers of multinational companies and acclaimed or
recognized professors and researchers also may qualify as priority workers for
employment-based visas. EB-1 visas allow the worker to obtain permanent
residence, without going through the labor certification process.

   The Second Employment-Based Prelerences (EB-2) visas are for those with
graduate or professional degrees. Workers with advanced degrees or exceptional
ability in the arts, sciences, or business may qualify for this visa. EB-2 visas
allow professionals who hold advanced degrees and aliens with exceptional
ability to obtain a green card. The professional or alien will not need a job
offer or labor certification if it can be established that his or her entry is
in the national interest of the United States.

   The Third Employment-Based Preferences (EB-3) visas are for professionals
with baccalaureate degrees, workers with at least two years training or
experience and workers capable of filling positions  [*17]  requiring less then
two years training or experience.

   The Fourth Employment-Based Preferences (EB-4) visas are for religious
workers. EB-4 visas grant religious workers permanent residence if they are
members of a religious denomination for at least two years immediately preceding
the EB-4 visa application. A religious worker seeking an EB-4 visa must be
coming to the United States solely for the purpose of acting as a minister;
working in a professional capacity in a religious location or occupation for a
religious organization at the organization's request; or working in a religious
vocation or occupation for a religious organization or an affiliated
organization.

   The last employment-based preference visa is known as an "EB-5" visa. EB-5
visas are for investors willing to invest at least $ 1,000,000 in a United
States business or $ 500,000 in a business located in a rural or economically
depressed area. The business must create employment for at least ten
individuals.

3. Green Card Lottery

   The United States each year randomly awards green cards in its lottery (or
diversity visa) program. n8 Approximately 55,000 visas are given out in the
lottery. These visas, which are called DV-1 visas, seek to diversify the United
States immigrant population. To be eligible for the lottery, the Alien must be
from a qualifying country (usually a country with low immigration to the United
States). The hopeful immigrant also must have a high school diploma or at least
two years of training experience in a job requiring such standards.


n8 Id. § 1153(c) (Supp. 1998).

4. Refugees, Asylums, People of Select Countries, and Certain Classes of
Individuals

   The United States also provides visa opportunities for refugees, asylums,
people of select countries, and certain classes of individuals. n9 For example,
visas are available for refugees and those seeking asylum because they will face
or have faced persecution in their home country. People of a particular country
in turmoil due to man made events, such as war, or natural disasters, such as
hurricanes, can seek a visa. Depending on the circumstances, visas also can be
given to certain classes of individuals as special immigrants or workers.


n9 Id. § 1157-60 (Supp. 1998).

   As one can see, there are various ways to obtain an immigrant visa. Depending
on which type of visa is sought and the alien's home country, the process of
obtaining an immigrant visa could take several years. Accordingly, in some
circumstances, it may be more appropriate and efficient to obtain a
non-immigrant visa.

B. Non-Immigrant or Temporary Visas

   A non-immigrant visa n10 entitles the holder to temporarily stay in the
United States, either to work or visit. These visas have time limitations,
although some of them can be extended. Obtaining a non-immigrant visa depends
upon proof that the applicant for the visa will return to the home county when
the visa expires or is not extended. The most common non-immigrant visas are
obtained based on investments, employment, or job training, and as a business,
tourist, or student visitor. n11


n10 Id. § 1101(a)(15) and 1184 (Supp. 1998).
n11 There are several types of non-immigrant visas. This article discusses only
those which are most common.

1. Investment Visas

   Temporary visas are available for those desiring to work and live in the
United States by investing in a United States business. n12 These visas last for
two years and can be renewed with an unlimited number of extensions. There is no
limit on the number of temporary visas the government may award for investment
purposes. However, to qualify for an investment visa, the investor must be a
citizen of a country with an investor treaty with the United States. Moreover,
the investor must: 1) be a key employee of the business; 2) invest at least $
100,000; 3) own at least 51% of the business; and 4) have an income outside of
the invested business. In  [*18]  addition, the business must be in active
operation; passive investments, such as holding vacant properties, do not
qualify.


n12 8 U.S.C.A. § 1101(a)(15)(H) (Supp. 1998).

2. Employment Visas

   Non-immigrant visas also are granted to individuals with employment in the
United States. Temporary visas can be granted to degreed professionals who plan
to work for a United States employer in a specialty occupation n13 and to
individuals with specialized knowledge who are transferring from a non-United
States employer to that employer's United States branch or affiliate. n14
Temporary or seasonal workers also may qualify for non-immigrant visas. n15


n13 Id. § 1101(a)(15)(H)(1)(b), 1184(1) (Supp. 1998).
n14 Id. § 1101(a)(15)(L) (Supp. 1998).
n15 Id. § 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii), 1184(g) (Supp. 1998).

3. Job-Training Visas

   H-3 visas are non-immigrant visas which allow the holder to temporarily stay
in the United States for job-training purposes. n16 To qualify, the job training
must be performed by a United States company and must be required to further the
individual's careet in the home country. Moreover, the visa holder must have a
background in the particular job training at issue. There are no quotas for
these visas. Although the length of stay with an H-3 visa is limited to eighteen
months, this time period may be extended one year at a time.


n16 Id. § 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii) (Supp. 1998).

4. Business and Tourist Visas

   There are an unlimited number of non-immigrant visas for tourist and business
travel purposes. n17 Business travel visas, known as B-2 Visitor Visas, allow
the holder to stay in the United States for one year. The business visitor can
engage in limited business and investment opportunities and perform temporary
work for non-United States employers. On the other hand, a tourist visitor can
not engage in any business-related activity and the stay is limited to six
months.


n17 Id. § 1101(a)(15)(B) (1990).

5. Student Visas

   Like business and tourist visitor visas, there are no quotas on visas for
full-time academic or language students n18 and vocational or non-academic
students. n19 To qualify for a student visa, the student must be enrolled
full-time in a United States accredited school or recognized non-academic
institution. The student further is required to have enough financial resources
to study full-time without working. These visas last for the duration of the
educational or vocational program.


n18 Id. § 1101(a)(15)(E) (Supp. 1998).
n19 Id. § 1101(a)(15)(M) (Supp. 1998).

III. Conclusion

   Regardless of which visa is sought, the process of obtaining a visa is very
document intensive. The documents which are needed and the procedures to be
followed will vary depending on the type of visa which is sought. Individuals
hoping to legally enter the United States will have a better chance of doing so
if they are aware of and select the most appropriate visa for their situation.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Immigration LawAdmissionVisasIssuanceImmigration LawDuties & Rights of
AliensRegistration & ReportingImmigration LawImmigrantsFamily-Sponsored
Immigrants


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

Arkansas: Governor Asa Hutchinson on the Passage of Government Efficiencies
Initiative

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson has issued the following news release:

Governor Asa Hutchinson's government efficiencies initiative (HB 1001 and SB 1)
has passed both chambers of the Arkansas General Assembly with unanimous consent
and will head to the Governor's desk for his signature. (See below for
"Efficiencies Fact Sheet.")

Governor Hutchinson released the following statement upon final passage:

"I'm very pleased with the broad-based, bipartisan support for our efficiencies
measures. It signals to the taxpayers of Arkansas that the executive and
legislative branches of government are of one mind when it comes to finding
smarter, more efficient ways to deliver services. It makes sense. If we can do a
better job for the taxpayers at less cost, we should."

Governor Asa Hutchinson's Efficiency Initiative

Merging
Arkansas Department of Rural Services ("Rural Services")
Receiving
Arkansas Economic Development Commission ("AEDC")
Mechanism
Type 2 transfer of Rural Services and the eleven-­-member Arkansas Rural
Development Commission (ACA 15-­-6-­-105 et seq.); transfer entire Rural
Services department, along with all of its powers, duties, functions, budget,
records, and personnel into AEDC.
Information
Rural Services is responsible for promoting cooperative and integrated efforts
among various public, private, and nonprofit sector organizations that are
designed to address rural issues and development.
Justification
AEDC's Global Business Division's responsibilities include community development
through attracting businesses to invest in the State, including its rural
communities.
Potential Savings
$175,599 in immediate annual state general revenue through the elimination of
two positions. This represents an 8.4% reduction in agency operating costs and a
33% reduction in agency personnel.

Merging
Arkansas Science and Technology Authority ("ASTA")
Receiving
Arkansas Economic Development Commission ("AEDC")
Mechanism
Type 2 transfer of ASTA and its Board of Directors (ACA 15-­-3-­-101 et seq.);
transfer entire department, along with all of its powers, duties, functions,
budget, records, and personnel into AEDC.
Information
ASTA is responsible for leading a broad spectrum of programs and services that
are designed to gain benefits and opportunities through advanced science and
technology development. ASTA currently leases space in the same building as
AEDC.
Justification
AEDC's Global Business Division's responsibility is to support technology
development through the use of existing business resources and developing
opportunities for outside business investment in the State.  Science,
technology, and economic development go hand-­-in-­-hand.
Potential Savings
$450,808 in state general revenue immediately through the elimination of six
vacant positions. This represents a 14.4% reduction in general revenue and a 20%
reduction in agency personnel. An additional $272,464 (not general  revenue)
could be saved through attrition.

Merging
Division of Land Survey ("Land Survey")
Receiving
Arkansas Geographic Information Office ("AGIO")
Mechanism
Type 2 transfer of Division of Land Survey and the Land Survey Advisory Board
(ACA 15-­-21-­-201 et seq.); transfer entire Land Survey department, along with
all of its powers, duties, functions, budget, records, and personnel into AGIO.
Information
Land Survey is a division of the Department of Agriculture and is responsible
for investigation of consumer complaints and the maintenance of minimum
standards for survey plats.  The Division currently leases space in southwest
Little Rock and is not co-­-located with any other state agency.
Justification
There is very little nexus between Land Survey and the Agriculture Department.
However, there are a number of commonalities and service overlaps with AGIO,
such as website design, hosting, and data utilization. A merger would facilitate
greater cooperation and efficiencies in service delivery.
Potential Savings
$166,880 in state general revenue immediately through the elimination of two
positions. This represents a 37% reduction in agency operating costs and a 50%
reduction in agency personnel.

Merging
Arkansas Building Authority ("ABA")
Receiving
DFA - Management Services ("DFA")
Mechanism
Type 2 transfer of ABA and the Board (ACA 22-­-2-­-101 et seq.); transfer entire
department, along with all of its powers, duties, functions, budget, records,
and personnel into DFA.
Information
ABA acts as the State's agent in all lease negotiations, assists with capital
projects, and actively maintains and operates ABA-­-owned or managed buildings.
Justification
A merger would utilize existing DFA departmental administrative support and
resources to provide efficiency and eliminate possible duplications of duties.
Potential Savings
$416,069 immediately with the elimination of nine vacant positions. This
represents a 2.4% reduction in agency operating costs and a 9.7% reduction in
agency personnel. An additional $717,291 could be saved through attrition. This
would increase the total reductions in revenues and positions to 6.7% and 22.5%,
respectively.

Approximate Savings over 5 Years:
$10,000,000 to $12,000,000

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Statesman

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

PAKSAT-1R to start commercial operations

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 82

LENGTH: 242  words


Communication satellite, PAKSAT-1R will start its commercial operations in
October 2011 is expected to enhance broadcast and broadband capabilities of the
country.

The Satellite, successfully launched in August this year, will orbit at 23,000
miles above the surface of the earth.

It is a great milestone in the field of Science and Technology for the people of
Pakistan and a big step towards the economic prosperity of the country.

The communication satellite will operate from orbital location of 38 degree east
longitude and will offer C and KU band coverage in over 75 countries across
Europe, Africa, Middle East, South and Central Asia.

It will not only play important role in socio-economic development of the
country but will also provide educational opportunities, better health services,
stimulate private sector business and investment.

Communication satellite will provide telecom operators and government, a cost
effective way to extend essential telecom services to the farthest corners of
the country.

Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of medical
professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries which
often lack communication infrastructure.

Today, communication satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical care,
enhance its quality, provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           February 20, 2010 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Farmland's a cash cow as fields turn a handy profit

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 382 words


FARMLAND in Wales is becoming an attractive investment as demand increases and
supply levels fall, says the latest Rural Market Survey published by the Royal
Institution of Chartered Surveyors.

The survey showed that landowners' reluctance to sell pushed supply to
exceptionally low levels in the second half of 2009, with residential land in
shortest supply.

Those with land are very keen to hold on to it, which is driving up prices.

According to the survey, 27% more surveyors reported a drop than a rise in the
supply of residential land, with 7% more in commercial land.

The demand for residential farmland also started to rise, with 13% more
surveyors reporting demand rising rather than falling, in contrast to the first
half of the year when 25% more reported a fall.

Demand is coming from investors who view farmland as a stable venture,
reflecting the fact that prices have remained resilient during the recession.

Established farmers are also looking to capitalise on rising livestock prices
and greater optimism by acquiring land close by so that they can expand their
existing operations.

RICS Wales director Cathy McLean, said: "When prices were rising two years ago
it was mainly fuelled by hobby farmers, buying up rural retreats with city bonus
money and inflating the market.

"However, these results indicate that it is now farmers looking to expand and
investors who see it as a viable business or investment class that are fuelling
the rise in demand.

"Interest rates are expected to stay low for the foreseeable period, which means
there is expected to be increasing interest in farmland from non-commercial
buyers seeking higher returns on alternative assets."

The next 12 months could see a real turnaround in the market, says McLean.

"The fall in supply means the market is thin, with surveyors expecting the
market conditions to persist, which in turn will help drive prices during the
rest of the year.

"Those with land are loath to dispose of it, and those without, or with limited
supply, are keen to get into the market and capitalise on its rising value.

"Couple this with the fact that farmers are increasingly optimistic about the
outlook for agriculture and suddenly an investment in either pasture or arable
land is a very attractive prospect."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Partnership for inclusive economic growth project

LENGTH: 473  words


Commissioned by: German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and
Development (BMZ)
Country: Namibia
Lead executing agency: Namibian Ministry of Trade and Industry, Ministry of
Finance, Ministry of Regional and Local Government, Housing and Rural
Development and National Planning Commission
Overall term: 2005 to 2014
Project Status - Active
Project Phase: Execution
Context: With per capita income of around USD 7,000 (2012) Namibia is considered
a middle-income country, but is marked by a substantial disparity in income: the
Gini-coefficient of 0.58 (2010) is one of the highest in the world. At 29 per
cent (2012) the rate of unemployment is relatively high; particularly
unemployment among young people, which is over 50 per cent, and among women,
which is over 30 per cent, pose great challenges. The country  s economic
structure (among other things, a low number of manufacturing companies
represented in the value creation chain) causes problems for small and
medium-sized enterprises (SME) in particular.


In addition, the legal and administrative frameworks are cumbersome and access
to financial services for small and medium-sized enterprises is very limited,
particularly in rural areas.
Objective: The general conditions for private-sector growth and employment have
improved. Improved access to financial services, implementation of local
business support strategies and an enabling environment for business
undertakings are leading to intensified economic activities on the part of small
and medium enterprises and to higher employment.
Approach: GIZ is working jointly with business associations and chambers of
industry and commerce to identify and document barriers to economic development
and to incorporate measures to break down and eliminate these hindrances within
appropriate government strategies, while also helping the government to
implement these measures.
The advisory services are aimed at enabling institutions in the private sector
to represent their members

interests in a structured and targeted way, for instance through annual
assessments of the business and investment climate. At the same time the
government is being supported in developing and implementing strategies to
encourage economic development. Moreover, financial and business services are
being strengthened, in particular through the development of appropriate
products for SMEs.
Project completion date : 2014-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : NAMIBIAN MINISTRY OF TRADE AND INDUSTRY


Address : National Upgrading Office
Goethe/Uhland Street
Private Bag 13340
Windhoek

Country :Namibia
Financier : Deutsche Gesellschaft für Technische Zusammenarbeit (GTZ) GmbH,

Financier address : GTZ(Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit)

Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 40
53113 Bonn, Germany
Phone: +49 228 44 60-0

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             May 12, 2011 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Skilled boost 'too small'

BYLINE: CLANCY YEATES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 388 words


BUSINESS groups and economists say the government's plan to import more skilled
workers may not solve the skills shortages caused by the mining boom. With a
record $76 billion in mining-led business investment expected in the next year,
Tuesday's budget earmarked 16,000 skilled migrants for rural areas and pledged
$558 million to create more training places. Although businesses supported both
moves, the main employer group for mining companies yesterday said they might
not be enough to satisfy the huge demand for workers in the coming years.

Economists also said much larger increases in migration would be needed,
including a boost in annual net migration to the controversial record level
reached in 2008. Australian Mines and Metals Association chief executive Steve
Knott said the need for overseas workers was a "stark reality" confronting the
country's fastest growing businesses. "Even with the migration reforms announced
. . . there remains a very real risk of there being a shortfall of skilled
workers available to some industry sectors," Mr Knott said. After the boost in
migration to rural areas, net overseas migration is expected to rise slightly to
180,000, well below the peak of more than 300,000 reached in the previous phase
of the boom in 2008. Meanwhile, the expected annual investment from mining
companies has almost doubled since then, suggesting the need for labour will be
much greater this time around. ANZ chief economist Warren Hogan said he believed
annual net migration might need to rise by a further 120,000 people in years to
come. "The increase is really pretty small given that in 2008 we got to 315,000.
And this is a significantly larger investment boom than anything we saw in
2007-08." NAB head of Australian economics Rob Brooker said the need for more
workers was especially strong because the boom seemed to be long-lasting. "It
seems relatively small to me, given the magnitude of investment that's likely to
be coming in mining," he said. Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry chief
executive Peter Anderson said using migrant workers was only a "limited
solution" in any case. "It's quite possible the increase will be insufficient,
and the government will need to keep an open mind about the circumstances facing
industry as the economy strengthens," Mr Anderson said.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Boom workers needed in far greater numbers. PICTURE: LOUISE
KENNERLEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                 June 20, 2002

Countryside body urges MPs to back cash for environment

SOURCE: Yorkshire Post

BYLINE: Robert Benson Agricultural Correspondent

LENGTH: 408 words


PROMINENT Yorkshire MPs are being urged to put pressure on Chancellor Gordon
Brown to finance recommendations made in the Curry Report on the Future of Food
and Farming,

The move comes ahead of next month's Comprehensive Spending Review when the
Government will spell out its allocation of funding for each department.

A letter from Dorothy Fairburn, the regional director of the Yorkshire branch of
the CLA, the Country Land and Business Association which lobbies for the
interests of private landowners and rural businesses, urges MPs to support the
report's key recommendation on environmental stewardship.

This part of the Curry proposals will require full match funding from the
Treasury because payments to all farmers for the delivery of environmental and
cultural landscape services will be a key aspect of a new Common Agricultural
Policy, she said.

For the UK, with a scheme including most of the farmed land, the cost would be
(GBP)200m. We would like to see the cost of the new scheme shared fairly between
farmers in the form of cuts in their direct payments and new match-funding from
the Treasury.

Miss Fairburn said the CLA was willing to support this approach provided it was
applied across the EU, that direct payment cuts were a flat rate cut for all,
were fully match-funded and done at a pace the industry could stand.

The whole point of the scheme the CLA is backing is that it marks a significant
step in recognising that production-related support cannot be justified in
perpetuity, she said.

A letter to all MPs has also gone out from the CLA's London offices.

Association president Sir Edward Greenwell said: As the decision on Government
spending approaches it is a choice between breathing new life into the
countryside and irrevocable decline.

Farming must be profitable to survive. Jobs, business, investment, services and
tourism all follow from profitable farming. If it needs a new direction to
achieve that, so be it but the Government must play its part.

Sir Edward said that by putting a fully-funded, broad environmental stewardship
scheme at the centre of future rural policy, the Government would be securing
the foundations for the rural economy.

Miss Fairburn added that after the devastation caused by foot and mouth, this
part of the Curry Report offered the quickest and most effective way to engage
most land managers in environmental matters and boost the rural economy.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2002

                       Copyright 2002 Johnston Press Plc


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 July 09, 2013

President Wants Land Use Act Repealed

BYLINE: Adebiyi Adedapo

LENGTH: 658 words


President Goodluck Jonathan through the Presidential Committee on Land Reform is
working out modalities to repeal the Land Use Act, 1978.

The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, made
this known Monday in Abuja, at a summit on "Realising the Potentials of
Agriculture in Africa," organised by the Rockefeller Foundation (RF) as parts of
the foundations centenary celebration.

Adesina said the presidential committee was given the task to ensure that
Nigerians would have land titles.

"Mr. President has said we should remove the Land use Act from the constitution,
there is a presidential committee on land reforms that has been put in place and
the committee has been given the task to ensure that Nigeria can begin to have
land titles because of what can have land titles because if you want to do
agriculture and you don't have titles to land, you cannot not use it as
collateral for lending or accessing funds," he said.

Adesina also stated that the federal government was doing a lot on land
registration in the country, adding that the government would land cadastral
survey, mapping out of lands at the same time guarantee that anybody who wants
lands for agricultural purposes accesses it.

The minister also disclosed that the federal government through the Nigeria
Agricultural Entrepreneurs (NAGRO-preneurs)'s initiative has concluded plans
change the labour composition of the country's agricultural sector by recruiting
760, 000 for agricultural production and processing before the end of the year.

Adesina said the empowerment strategy would cover provision of access to land,
which according to him, would be accomplished in conjunction with the state
governments, technical skills, business investment skills and provision of
funds.

According to him, the country was at the verge of going into agricultural
extinction if young farmers were not empowered.

"The structure of the population of our farmers are old, a lot of them are aging
rapidly, so we are essentially one generation away from extinction in
agriculture if we don't change the labour composition so we are creating this
programme which would be launched sometime this year, it is called Nigeria
Agricultural Entrepreneur (Nagro-preneurs) this will be about 760, 000 young
commercial farmers, they will be graduates universities, that particular
programme will provide the following, access to land with which we are going to
work with the state government, technical skills, business management skills and
finance.

"This new generation of farmers will take Nigeria well into the future and a
production affective, efficient and comparative agricultural sector, we are
building that dream around them. It is a presidential initiative," he said.

Meanwhile, President Jonathan at the summit observed that Nigeria's economy
would not grow without massive investment in agriculture.

The president noted that there was an unprecedented transformation in the
Nigeria's agriculture through the Agricultural Transformation Agenda of the
federal government, said the country must look towards agriculture to feed her
people and earn foreign exchange.

"Unless we transform agriculture, our economy can't grow, millions our people
depend agriculture for livelihood not oil, we must look elsewhere if we will
continue to feed our people, agriculture has a new frontier for growth, with
abundant land and water resources and vibrant labour force, Nigeria has all it
takes to use agriculture as its new frontier for growth," he said.

The president added that Nigeria had no reason to be an exporter of food items
due to its vast arable land and favourable ecology.

"There is no reason why Nigeria should be a net importer of food, we should be
exporting because of our ecological zone, this is why I launch the Agricultural
Transformation Agenda to make agric a driver of our economy just like it used to
be in the 1960's before oil was discovered," the president added.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 13, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Federal programs facing elimination

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1174 words


The 154 programs that President Bush wants to eliminate or cut in his 2006
budget proposal. Bush would terminate 99 programs and make major spending
reductions in 55. Separately, the administration listed eight major reforms Bush
proposed that also would produce spending cuts.

Of the terminations, Bush has recommended 59 of them before.

TERMINATIONS

Agriculture Department

AMS Biotechnology Program

Forest Service Economic Action Program

High Cost Energy Grants

NRCS Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations

Research and Extension Grant Earmarks and Low Priority Programs

Commerce Department

Advanced Technology Program

Emergency Steel Guarantee Loan Program

Public Telecommunications

Facilities, Planning and Construction Program

Education Department

Comprehensive School Reform

Educational Technology State Grants

Even Start

High School Program Terminations:

Vocational Education State Grants

Vocational Education National Activities

Tech Prep State Grants

Upward Bound

Talent Search

GEAR UP

Smaller Learning Communities

Perkins Loans: Capital Contributions and Loan Cancellations

Regional Education Laboratories

Safe and Drug Free Schools State Grants

Small Elementary and Secondary Education Programs:

Javits Gifted and Talented Education

National Writing Project

School Leadership

Dropout Prevention ProgramZ

Close Up Fellowships

Ready to Teach

Parental Information and Resource Centers

Alcohol Abuse Reduction

Foundations for Learning

Mental Health Integration in Schools

Community Technology Centers

Exchanges with Historic Whaling and Trading Partners

Foreign Language Assistance

Excellence in Economic Education

Arts in Education

Women's Educational Equity

Elementary and Secondary School Counseling

Civic Education

Star Schools

Smaller Higher Education Programs:

Higher Education Demos for Students w/Disabilities

Underground Railroad Program

Interest Subsidy Grants

Small Job Training and Adult Education Programs:

Occupational and Employment Information

Tech-prep Demonstration

Literacy Programs for Prisoners

State Grants for Incarcerated Youth

Small Postsecondary Student Financial Assistance Programs:

LEAP

Byrd Scholarships

B.J. Stupak Olympic Scholarships

Thurgood Marshall Legal Opportunity

Small Vocational Rehabilitation Programs:

Vocational Rehabilitation Recreational Programs

Vocational Rehab (VR) Migrant and Seasonal Workers

Projects with Industry

Supported Employment

Teacher Quality Enhancement Program

Energy Department

Hydropower Program

Nuclear Energy Plant Optimization

Nuclear Energy Research Initiative

Oil and Gas Programs

Health and Human Services Department

ACF Community Service Programs

ACF Early Learning Opportunities Fund

CDC Congressional Earmarks

CDC Preventive Health and Health Services Block Grant

CDC Youth Media Campaign

Direct Service Worker Delivery Grants

HRSA Emergency Medical Services for Children

HRSA Health Facilities Construction Congressional Earmarks

HRSA Healthy Community Access Program

HRSA State Planning Grant Program

HRSA Trauma Care

HRSA Traumatic Brain Injury

HRSA Universal Newborn Hearing Screening

Real Choice Systems Change Grants

Housing and Urban Development Department

HOPE VI

Interior Department

BLM Jobs-in-the-Woods Program

LWCF State Recreation Grants (NPS)

National Park Service Statutory Aid

Rural Fire Assistance (BLM, NPS, FWS, BIA)

Justice Department

Byrne Discretionary Grants

Byrne Justice Assistance Grants

COPS Hiring Grants

COPS Interoperable Communications Technology Grants

COPS Law Enforcement Technology Grants

Juvenile Accountability Block Grants

National Drug Intelligence Center

Other State/Local Law Enforcement Assistance Program Terminations

State Criminal Alien Assistance Program (SCAAP)

Labor Department

Migrant and Seasonal Farm Worker Training Program

Reintegration of Youthful Offenders

Transportation Department

National Defense Tank Vessel Construction Program

Railroad Rehabilitation Infrastructure Financing Loan Program

Enviromental Protection Agency

Unrequested Projects

Water Quality Cooperative Agreements

National Aeronautics and Space Administration

Hubble Space Telescope Robotic Servicing Mission

Other Agencies

National Veterans Business Development Corp.

Postal Service: Revenue Forgone Appropriation

SBA: Microloan Program

SBA: Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) Participating Securities Program

MAJOR REDUCTIONS

Agriculture Department

Federal (In-House) Research

Forest Service Capital Improve and Maintenance

Forest Service Wildland Fire Management (incl. supp. and emergency funding)

Biomass Research and Development

Broadband

CCC - Bioenergy

CCC - Market Access Program

Farm Bill Programs (EQIP)

Farm Bill Programs (CSP)

Farm Bill Programs (WHIP)

Farm Bill Program (Farm and Ranchland Protection)

Farm Bill Programs (Ag. Management Assistance)

IFAS

Renewable Energy

Rural Firefighter Grants

Rural Strategic Investment Program

Rural Business Investment Program

Value-added Grants

Watershed Rehabilitation

NRCS Conservation Operations

NRCS Resource Conservation and Development Program

Water and Wastewater Grants and Loans

Commerce Department

Manufacturing Extension Partnership

Education Department

Adult Education State Grants

State Grants for Innovation

Energy Department

Environmental Management

Health and Human Services Department

HRSA Children's Hospitals GME Payment Program

HRSA Health Professions

HRSA Rural Health

SAMHSA Programs of Regional and National Significance

State, Local & Hospital Bioterrorism Preparedness Grants

Housing and Urban Development

Department

Housing for Persons with Disabilities

Native American Housing Block Grant

Public Housing Capital Fund

Interior Department

Bureau of Indian Affairs School Construction

National Heritage Area Grants

Payments in Lieu of Taxes

USGS, Mineral Resources Program

Justice Department

Federal Bureau of Prisons Construction Program

High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program

Juvenile Justice Law Enforcement Assistance Programs

Labor Department

International Labor Affairs Bureau

Office of Disability Employment Policy

Workforce Investment Act Pilots and Demonstrations

State Department

Assistance for the Independent States of the Former Soviet Union

Transportation Department

FAA - Facilities and Equipment

FAA - Airport Improvement Program (Oblim)

FRA - Next Generation High Speed Rail

Treasury Department

Internal Revenue Service - Taxpayer Service

Environmental Protection Agency

Alaska Native Villages

Clean Water State Revolving Fund

National Aeronautics

and Space Administration

Aeronautics: Vehicle Systems Program

Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter

Other Agencies

Archives: National Historical Publications & Records Commission

U.S. Institute of Peace: Construction of New Building

MAJOR REFORMS

Agriculture: Rural Telephone Bank

Commerce: Economic and Community Development Programs

Homeland Security: State and Local Homeland Security Grants

Homeland Security: Transportation Security Administration, Recover Aviation
Security Screening Costs Through Fees

Labor: Job Training Reform, Consolidate Grants Program

Transportation: Amtrak

Army Corps of Engineers (Civil Works): Performance Guidelines for Funding
Construction Projects

U.S. Agency for International Development and Department of Agriculture:
International Food Aid

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                            October 22, 2010 Friday

Region delegates join mission to lure investors in Chinese cities

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 314  words


WHITSUNDAY mayor Mike Brunker and Mackay regional councillor Dave Perkins
embarked on a business investment mission to China yesterday.

They are among 12 delegates charged with showing what the
Mackay-Isaac-Whitsunday region can offer Chinese investors on the mission, led
by the Regional Economic Development Corporation (REDC).

REDC chief executive officer Narelle Pearse said delegates would gain first-hand
market information, develop invaluable relationships with business and
government officials, solidify business strategies and advance specific projects
while in China.

"The main objective of the mission is to promote Mackay-Isaac-Whitsunday
regional investment opportunities and develop commercial ties between Shandong
province and the Mackay-Isaac-Whitsunday region," Ms Pearse said.

"This in turn will stimulate bilateral trade and investment in areas where
mutual interest exists today and into the future.

"In the current post-GFC economic climate, project proponents are finding it
difficult to access finance, and if we are to ensure that this region stays
ahead of, or at least keeps up with, the predicted growth curve, we need to
think outside the box and source new avenues of finance."

Ms Pearse said the business and investment mission itinerary had been developed
to meet the investment attraction goals of all attending.

The agenda included meetings with high-level national and local government
officials, networking opportunities and city and region briefings, she said.

"The delegation will visit Beijing, which offers unparalleled access to
policy-makers, key government agencies and business leaders and Yantai - a
prefecture-level city in north-eastern Shandong Province in the People's
Republic of China."

REDC said the strong Chinese interest in regional investment opportunities had
prompted the mission.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                            October 22, 2010 Friday

Region delegates join mission to lure investors in Chinese cities

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 314  words


WHITSUNDAY mayor Mike Brunker and Mackay regional councillor Dave Perkins
embarked on a business investment mission to China yesterday.

They are among 12 delegates charged with showing what the
Mackay-Isaac-Whitsunday region can offer Chinese investors on the mission, led
by the Regional Economic Development Corporation (REDC).

REDC chief executive officer Narelle Pearse said delegates would gain first-hand
market information, develop invaluable relationships with business and
government officials, solidify business strategies and advance specific projects
while in China.

"The main objective of the mission is to promote Mackay-Isaac-Whitsunday
regional investment opportunities and develop commercial ties between Shandong
province and the Mackay-Isaac-Whitsunday region," Ms Pearse said.

"This in turn will stimulate bilateral trade and investment in areas where
mutual interest exists today and into the future.

"In the current post-GFC economic climate, project proponents are finding it
difficult to access finance, and if we are to ensure that this region stays
ahead of, or at least keeps up with, the predicted growth curve, we need to
think outside the box and source new avenues of finance."

Ms Pearse said the business and investment mission itinerary had been developed
to meet the investment attraction goals of all attending.

The agenda included meetings with high-level national and local government
officials, networking opportunities and city and region briefings, she said.

"The delegation will visit Beijing, which offers unparalleled access to
policy-makers, key government agencies and business leaders and Yantai - a
prefecture-level city in north-eastern Shandong Province in the People's
Republic of China."

REDC said the strong Chinese interest in regional investment opportunities had
prompted the mission.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          November 10, 2010 Wednesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Treasury bets investment boom will plug budget hole

BYLINE: Scott Murdoch

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 554  words


THE federal government has forecast that a business investment boom will help
Australia repair the budget erosion caused by the strong Australian dollar and
lower tax revenue.

The mid-year economic and fiscal outlook prepared by the Treasury and published
yesterday found that business investment will become one of the major driving
forces of economic growth as the commodities supercycle continues.

The annual review, published at the mid-point of the budget cycle, delivered a
brighter economic picture with Treasury upgrading the predictions it made in
July before the election.

It now believes the Australian economy will grow by 3.25 per cent this financial
year, compared with its earlier call of 3 per cent.

It maintained its 2011-12 forecast of 3.75 per cent.

The unemployment rate is predicted to fall from 4.75 to 4.5 per cent by June
next year as the economy nears full-employment.

Some 380,000 new jobs are expected to be created in the next 18 months. Despite
the improved forecasts, the government's revenue stream is under pressure.

The budget is still expected to be back in the black by 2012-13 -- meeting the
government's time line -- but the surplus will be down from the projected $3.5
billion to $3.1bn.

The projected surplus in the following year has been reduced from $4.5bn to
$3.3bn.

The government's total revenue has taken a $10bn hit, primarily because of the
high Australian dollar and an associated $3.1bn decline in tax receipts.

However, the weakness could be covered by the expected unprecedented business
investment

Continued on Page 33

Continued from Page 25

boom, riding on the back of the mining industry remaining the No 1 sector in
Australia.

The Treasury predicts the terms of trade will increase by 15.5 per cent this
financial year before softening by 4.5 per cent as increased supply from
competing countries hits world commodities markets.

In the current financial year business investment is expected to grow by 8 per
cent and then 13 per cent a year later.

It will be the highest level of business investment, as a percentage of GDP, in
four decades.

``High prices for Australia's non-rural commodity exports are driving a
mining-led investment boom,'' Treasury said.

``With previous investment in mining capacity and transport infrastructure
already underpinning strong growth in commodity exports, the mining industry is
planning an additional $55bn of investments -- five times the level leading up
to the boom.''

The majority of the investment is likely to take place in new and existing
liquefied natural gas and iron ore projects.

JPMorgan economist Helen Kevans said the Treasury's forecast of business
investment growth of up to 13 per cent was consistent with market economists'
predictions.

But Ms Kevans said the rush of investments risked putting more pressure on wage
inflation.

Wages in Australia are currently growing at 3 per cent, but are forecast to
expand by up to 4 per cent in the coming year.

``The investment cycle always has a strong correlation with the employment
cycle,'' Ms Kevans she said.

``Given that we are almost at full employment now and the government has said
there will be 180,000 new jobs in 18 months, that means the labour market is
going to become even tighter.

``That is going to have significant implications for wage growth and wage
inflation as a result.''

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

KCCI for recognition of formal real estate investment

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Oct. 26 -- The Karachi Chamber of Commerce Muhammad Haroon Agar has
emphasized to accord recognition to formal real estate investment in the process
of economic development.

While exchanging views with the delegation of Real Estate Business and
Investment Club headed by its President Zahid Iqbal,he stated that real estate
market is crucial for promoting commerce, industry, growth, employment and
poverty reduction. Agar asserted upon the need of low cost housing projects to
accommodate the work force migrating from rural to urban areas for employment.

He highlighted the importance of real estate market encompassing all
transactions which involve dealings in rights or access to land and buildings.
KCCI chief was of the view that real estate forms the backbone of the urban
economy.

In most countries,real estate accounts for major share of national wealth.

In Pakistan about 250 ancillary industries such as cement,steel,brick, timber
and building materials,are dependent on the real estate industry. These combined
make it the second largest employer next only to agriculture,he said.

Responding to request by President of Real Estate Business and Investment
Club,Agar said that KCCI may consider formation of Real-Estate/Construction
Industry Sub-Committee.

Presently,the Industry and Privatization Sub-Committee was looking after said
affairs,he told.

Agar invited the members to get the membership of Karachi Chamber and assured
his best co-operation and support to resolve their genuine problems.

He also welcomed the proposals by Real Estate Business and Investment Club to
incorporate in KCCI's forthcoming budget proposals.

Real Estate Business and Investment Club's President Zahid Iqbal expressed
gratitude and compliments to President KCCI for attaching importance to real
estate sector and recognizing its importance in the national economy. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Post. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Crabb follows Rebecca's Daughters in fight for social justice in Wales

BYLINE: Martin Shipton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16,17

LENGTH: 744 words


WELSH Secretary Stephen Crabb invoked the spirit of the Rebecca rioters as
freedom fighters during a speech to business leaders in Cardiff.

The rioters, mostly farmers and agricultural workers and often dressed as women,
attacked toll gates in rural Wales as a protest against the burden of high
taxation. They were active between 1839 and 1843.

Mr Crabb, the Conservative MP for Preseli Pembrokeshire, referred with approval
to the rioters' campaign for social justice.

He said: "In 2008, in St Clears, Carmarthenshire, a sculpture by the artist
Simon Hedger was unveiled. "Hewn from Welsh wood, it depicts three figures
bearing axes smashing down a gate.

"It commemorates the Rebecca Riots of 1839 when parts of the Welsh rural
community rose up against extortionate toll gates - which taxed their trade and
the free movement of people between villages and markets.

"The sculpture bears the inscription: 'Cyfiawnder A Charwyr, Cyfi-awnder Ydym
Nioll' - 'Justice and Lovers of Justice are we all'.

"The Merched Becca [Rebecca's Daughters] were a manifestation of the strong
sense of economic and social justice that is hard-wired into the Welsh psyche.
This flame of economic and social justice is a Welsh flame and it burns in me
too. And it defines how I am trying to carry out the role of Secretary of State
for Wales."

Mr Crabb claimed that 2014 had been the best year for Wales since devolution in
1999, describing it as the year of "recovery and renewal". Business investment
was up 5%, unemployment was below 100,000 and 26,000 more businesses were
functioning than in 2010, when the coalition came into office.

Mr Crabb stressed how the UK and Welsh governments had "stood shoulder to
shoulder" in working together to improve Wales' prosperity - a consensual
position he said people wanted, business demanded and Wales needed.

But he said there was a "lost generation" of people in Wales who did not have
the skills to take advantage of fresh job opportunities that would come as the
economy improved. Improving the skills of the workforce had to be a major
priority.

Adopting a more combative tone, he criticised the "get rich quick" and "bonus
culture" he claimed had flourished under the previous Labour Government,
reminding his audience that former Labour Cabinet Minister Peter Mandelson had
once said he was "intensely relaxed about people getting filthy rich".

Mr Crabb also indicated that in the run-up to May's General Election, he would
be "calling out" political opponents who sought to portray a "grotesque
caricature" of Wales as an impoverished country with low pay and Dickensian
working conditions.

He said wage growth in Wales was higher than in most other parts of the UK, and
that the rise in the National Minimum Wage had helped many workers in Wales.

He nevertheless accepted there were challenges caused by such events as last
year's closure of the Murco oil refinery in Milford Haven. While it was
important to create vibrant city regions centred on Cardiff and Swansea,
prosperity had to be rolled out to other parts of Wales - which covered much
more than just Cardiff and Swansea.

Mr Crabb said it was essential that Wales had a long-term plan for economic
growth.

But he told his audience: "None of this - GDP growth, levels of investment,
productivity - is an end itself. An economic vision for Wales has to be about
more than these things. Economic renewal, for me, is also about social renewal
and cohesion.

"Economic stagnation hollows out communities, and worklessness creates a vicious
cycle of dependency that impacts not just on one generation, but on future
generations too.

"We have seen this first hand in Wales in too many of our towns. Communities
where we have seen more than one third of adults out of work and dependent on
benefits.

"So what does economic recovery mean for communities in Wales? It means tens of
thousands more children in Wales growing up seeing a mum or a dad go out to work
for the first time. We now have 39,000 more children seeing their mum or dad
going out to work for the first time since 2010.

"I know just how important it is for a child growing up at home where things are
tough seeing a parent going out to work bring home a regular wage, providing
inspiration, a role model, someone who shows you can smash down barriers that
hold back social mobility, "So I say there is nothing caring or compassionate
about ducking the challenge of economic renewal, of welfare reform and getting
Wales back to work."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Secretary of State for Wales Stephen Crabb has said that the flame of
economic and social justice burns in him and <B defines how he is trying to
carry out his role

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                            February 12, 2016 Friday
                               TasCountry Edition

Many off-farm options to lift failing finances

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 498 words


Cash flow or lack thereof, debt level, and the size of one's agribusiness can
lead to a need to explore off-farm income opportunities.

In this, our fifth Forum of Rural Stakeholders instalment, we look at what
income streams are available and what some of the key opportunities and options
are for securing cash away from your core business. Investments or supplementary
employment options may help ensure long-term viability of the main farming
enterprise.

"A good starting point is to assess and list what skills could be of value, and
could become an earner off the property," said Rural Business Tasmania rural
financial counsellor Roly Chugg. "Undertaking a skills audit is a great way of
identifying the type of work that could be pursued. As an exercise too, this
will formalise thinking around the types of businesses that could be targeted
for employment." There is a plethora of employment websites such as seek.com.au
where one can specify location, types of work sought, desired industry sector
and base salary range.

Local papers have "position vacant" sections advertising jobs, mainly on
Saturdays and to a lesser extent Wednesdays.

"Subcontracting through operators that you may have used yourself is an option,"
Mr Chugg said. "Be it spraying, harvesting, shearing, fencing, do not be afraid
to ask the question of people you know who work in these areas, as you just do
not know what skills shortage they may have and are seeking." Through Centrelink
there are a couple of options to be considered, including the Farm Household
Allowance.

Similar to the New Start Allowance, the FHA can be accessed for a total of three
years, but under the proviso that a farm improvement program is prepared and
actioned. If eligible, as part of the allowance the recipient also receives a
concession card that can deliver savings on utilities, medical costs and public
transport.

"Depending on one's age the pension may be an option for some," Mr Chugg said.
"This is means and income tested, but if cash-flow is light on, it is at least
worth seeing if you qualify for it." With the two main state and federally
funded low-interest, concessional loans on offer at this seasonal challenged
time, refinancing and reviewing how investments are working is something that
should be reviewed and, where appropriate, rejigged.

For future security, reviewing options for extra off-farm investment or
superannuation is a must for all businesses.

"If you are struggling with cash and access to funds for daily needs, Rural
Business Tasmania can assist," Mr Chugg said. "And if things are really dire,
there is the Rural Relief Fund, which can provide grants of up to $2500 of
crisis relief.

"Key here is to know that there are a number of options, and there are people
that can point you in the right direction with knowledge about eligibility, tax
implications, and income sources that you may have never considered."For a
confidential discussion about the above Rural Business Tasmania on 1300 88 3276.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Tasmanian Country


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 16, 2005 Monday
                                 First Edition

Forecasts didn't add up

BYLINE: David Bassanese

SECTION: MARKET WRAP; Economic Briefing; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 901 words


The budget reveals why Treasury got its estimates wrong, writes David Bassanese.

For economists, last week's federal budget was intriguing in several respects.

It's clear Treasury got it horribly wrong on the economy. Economic growth in
2004-05 now looks like being a measly 2 per cent, compared with a forecast in
last year's budget of 3.5 per cent.

Nominal output growth held up largely as expected, but only because of an
unforeseen surge in export commodity prices, which drove up domestic incomes.

At the same time, revenue exceeded expectations by more than $10 billion,
prompting Treasury to finally admit its revenue forecasting methodology needed
updating.

Let's consider the economy first.

This financial year was supposed to be all about economic "rebalancing" from
overly strong domestic spending to a greater growth contribution from exports.

But only one leg of the rebalancing act seems to have taken place: private final
demand (that is, domestic spending) is estimated to have slowed broadly in line
with Treasury expectations from a feisty 6.2 per cent pace in 2003-04, to 3.75
per cent this financial year.

That's only a bit slower than the 4 per cent expected growth in last year's
budget.

This was helped by the expected soft landing in the housing sector, which is so
far still playing out. Dwelling investment is estimated to have fallen only 2
per cent this financial year, close to the forecast in last year's budget for a
3 per cent decline.

And despite weaker house prices through the year, consumer spending held up
well, no doubt helped by the offsetting strength in equity wealth, and stronger
than expected growth in incomes and employment.

Business investment is also tracking in line with expectations.

The big disappointment has been export volumes. Treasury now estimates growth of
only 2 per cent this financial year, against expected growth of 8 per cent in
last year's budget.

With hindsight, Treasury appears to have underestimated the negative drag from
strength in the Australian dollar, rising productivity among Asian competitors
and local capacity constraints particularly in the resources and rural sectors.

Indeed, due to stubbornly dry conditions, the post-drought rebound in farm
output has been much weaker than expected.

But the unmet expectations for overall economic growth did not stop the
government receiving yet another revenue bonanza: "parameter changes" added $9.2
billion to revenue estimates for 2004-05 since last year's budget estimates.

As noted above, this in part reflects higher export commodity prices. But a more
important story appears to be Treasury again underestimating the sensitivity of
revenue to national income.

In the budget, Treasury indicated it has revised its forecasting methodology
such that revenue forecasts are "more responsive to changes in forecast and
projected income".

That should mean the continual upward revisions to revenue projections evident
in recent years won't be repeated especially if incomes grow only in line with
expectations.

But it also means that if and when economic growth does disappoint, the impact
on revenue could be much larger than previously estimated.

This brings us to the coming year's economic outlook. Treasury is again counting
on a big bounce in exports, although this time the task should be made easier by
the increase in mining capacity that is expected to come on stream.

Treasury also anticipates only a mild further slowing in domestic spending, with
the net result being an overall lift in economic growth to 3 per cent.

That said, risks remain. Since dry conditions still persist, there's the
possibility of a relapse into full-blown drought.

And wealth expectations could be further damaged now that share prices have
recently joined house prices in turning down.

On the upside, expected further strength in commodity prices may lead to
stronger than anticipated business and consumer spending.

COUNTING ON EXPORTS (AGAIN)
2004-05 Treasury forecasts
   May 04 budget  May 05 budget
Household consumption 4.25  4
Dwelling investment  Â¿3.00  Â¿2.00
Business investment 7  8
Private final demand 4  3.75
Public expenditure  3.5  6
Inventories  Â¿0.25  Â¿0.50
Exports   8  2
Imports   9  10
GDP   3.5  2
Farm   4  Â¿8.00
Non-farm   3.5  2.25
Employment  1.75  2.75
Unemployment  5.75  5.25
GDP deflator  2.5  4
Comment
The weaker than expected GDP result for this financial year largely reflects
the failure of exports to capitalise on strong global conditions, and lingering
 drought conditions for the rural sector. The housing sector had a soft
landing as expected, meaning domestic demand held up pretty well. A big
surprise was surging employment growth, and the commodity price boost to the
GDP deflator.

2005 Treasury forecasts
   2004-05   2005-06
Household consumption 4  3.25
Dwelling investment  Â¿2.00  Â¿2.00
Business investment 8  6
Private final demand 3.75  3.5
Public expenditure  6  3.75
Inventories  Â¿0.50  0.25
Exports   2  7
Imports   10  8
GDP   2  3
Farm   Â¿8.00  5
Non-farm   2.25  3
Employment  2.75  1.75
Unemployment  5.25  5
GDP deflator  4  4.5
Comment
In the coming financial year, Treasury is again counting on a belated bounce
back in exports to drive economic growth.
Increases in mining capacity should help this time.
The other critical assumption is that domestic spending will ease only
modestly. Commodity prices are expected to
hold up through much of the year.

Source: Budget papers


LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 476  words

Rural firies have a win

 THE report into firefighter cancer was released on Tuesday and the
discriminatory 150 fire attendance for volunteer firefighters has been dropped
to the same number that paid and part-time fire firefighters need to attend,
which is one.

This is a great achievement on behalf of the 36,000 volunteer firefighters in
Queensland and will be the driver for profound change within rural fire, with
the supporting conversations of improved PPE, support equipment and facilities
being driven from this recommendation.

Compared to all other states and territories in Australia, the rural fire
service in Queensland has been historically starved of funding and support for
over 20 years through successive governments and this recommendation is the
platform that is needed for major improvements in brigade support and equipment
to be based.

With rural fire brigades attending over 200 structure fires last financial year,
another discussion to be had is the re-introduction of compressed air-breathing
apparatus sets to brigades that have an identified community need.

This re-introduction would not only increase community safety and increase the
capacity of the QFES as a whole, but also provide a safer working environment
for volunteer firefighters.

The RFBAQ would like to thank every MP who made this recommendation possible and
Jarrod Bleijie MP specifically for tabling his private members bill for
firefighter protection.

JUSTIN CHOVEAUX

Rural Fire Brigades

Association Queensland

general manager

What sort of a deal is free trade agreement?

THE current government says that if we do not except this china FTA we will
never have another opportunity.

I finished school in the mid '80s and started an apprenticeship. We were told
back then Australian wages were too high and investment in Australia would never
go ahead.

Since finishing my apprenticeship I have worked on million-dollar and
multi-billion dollar projects around Australia all my life.

It is 2015 and the world is still coming to Australia and investing in our great
country. Not just mining and construction but science and technology.

The majority of our senior government officials went to a free university in the
"~80s and when I started my trade career at the end of the "~80s there was a
recession. What came out the other end of it was 75% of the people that were
millionaires in Australia were actually blue-collar workers. They had good
skills, knowledge, wages and started businesses and investment in our great
country.

To be told by a government that this is our last and only opportunity to survive
the global economy and there is no plan b seems to be a great concern to me. It
scares me that someone can sign an agreement and not consult Australians to
approve or fine-tune it. Dictatorship is a thing of the past. Communication is
the future.

SHANE KENNEDY

Gladstone

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                             August 18, 1991 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

COUNTRY VIEW;
NSW FARMERS

BYLINE: SOurce: From the NSW Farmers' Association

SECTION: REAL AUSTRALIA; Pg. 91

LENGTH: 462 words


IT'S Ag-Quip time again with all eyes centred on the paddock outside Gunnedah
that attracts thousands of people on each of the three days of this first major
Field Day.

The mood of people at Ag-Quip will be a test of the economic outlook of rural
NSW. Last year the mood was sombre. If there is an upturn in rural Australia it
will show up as a glimmer of optimism.

Recently I spoke simultaneously with a farmer from the north and one from the
south and both said they felt more confident than they did last February.

Australia is a rural nation. John Kerin and his bureaucrats did not quite break
the sheep's back, so Australia still has a back to ride on to prosperity.

The National Accounts figures that came out during the week showed that
Australia recorded negative growth over the past year.

Mr Keating had been reluctant to use the "R" word, "recession" while others
suggested the "D" word "depression" was more appropriate.

Leaving the semantics out, the economy is sick. A letter has just been sent to
every senator by the Chairman of the Economics Committee of the NSW Farmers'
Association, John Crosby of Moree, calling for an immediate drop in interest
rates to encourage an investment-led recovery.

"Real" interest rates are the key to growth. "Real" rates are the gap between
stated bank interest rates, or nominal rates, and inflation.

While the nominal rates have been falling, so has inflation, so real interest
rates are still above 10 per cent.

Mr Crosby suggested that the Federal Parliament should exert pressure on the
Reserve Bank to cut interest rates, and to stop using the rates for
macro-economic policy purposes as this had a massive cost to the nation in
rising foreign debt, higher

unemployment and falling living standards.

He pointed out that a fall in real interest rates would encourage investment in
plant and equipment. People will be needed to make this plant and equipment as
well as to run it. Jobs are therefore created.

Mr Crosby's letter pointed out that the economy would not recover from a
recession without a major increase in business investment.

Australia badly needs an investment-led recovery, especially in its
international trading sector to lift us above the stop/go economic performance
that ensures another downturn in the near future after a period of false
economic improvement based solely on a consumer spending recovery.

There will be no investment in long-life projects, capital intensive industries
or industries that rely on longer delivery times, such as export industries, if
our interest rates do not come down and stay down.

The export sector will also be looking for interest rates to put downward
pressure on the exchange rates to make our products more competitive at time of
order and still competitive at time of sale.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Port: JOHN KERIN: Hasn't broken the sheep's back, yet.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1991 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                March 6, 2003 Thursday All-round Country Edition

Triple whammy slugs economy

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Christine Wallace, Jeremy Roberts

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 648 words


GROWTH has slowed to its lowest level in two years as domestic spending carried
the economy through the triple shock of drought, war uncertainty and oil price
hikes.

At 0.4 per cent, economic growth for the December quarter was less than half
that of the previous quarter, according to national account figures released
yesterday.

For the year to December, seasonally adjusted growth was 3 per cent.

In the wake of the slowdown, the Reserve Bank held interest rates steady, the
all ordinaries index tumbled 37.3 points, to a four-year low of 2749.7, and the
dollar rose US0.21c to US61.64c, a three-year high. The dollar was boosted by
comments from US Treasury Secretary John Snow suggesting he was not concerned
about a weak US dollar.

Australian households spent more than they earned in the December quarter for
the first time since the collection of household savings figures began in 1959.

The long-run downward trend in household savings finally broke into the red
under the weight of weak earnings among drought-stricken rural families.

Treasurer Peter Costello welcomed the figures as evidence of extraordinary
economic resilience in the face of what he described as the worst drought for a
century.

"If the drought breaks, and there are signs, then we should get a positive
contribution towards the end of this year," Mr Costello said. "But we have taken
a very big impact in both the September and December quarters, and there is at
least one other quarter of impact (to come)."

Business investment made the major contribution to growth, followed by
government and private spending.

Business machinery and equipment investment was the highlight of the national
accounts, up 14 per cent in the three months to December.

However, more than half of this was due to the importation of planes.

The Opposition accused the Howard Government of presiding over a "savings
collapse".

The national accounts tell

Continued -- Page 2

From Page 1

the story of two economies: a robust non-farm sector (up 0.8 per cent), and a
stricken farm sector (down 15 per cent).

The farm sector was hit in the December quarter by a drop in farm employment by
19,000 following a 40,000 drop in the previous quarter; a 14 per cent fall in
farm production; a 30.8 per cent fall in grain exports; and a 3.3 per cent drop
in rural exports overall.

The impact of the impending hostilities with Iraq was also evident, with
government spending rising 2.6 per cent driven mainly by new "defence weapons
and platforms".

Inflationary pressures remained modest.

On the day the Reserve Bank kept official interest rates unchanged, assistant
governor for economics Malcolm Edey said the economy would perform well this
year in a "difficult international environment".

But he said the pace of growth was likely to slow through the year.

"Looking ahead, some rebalancing of growth is expected, with domestic demand
slowing and net exports (increasing) gradually," Mr Edey told an Australian
Industry Group conference.

"This is likely to mean the pace of growth being a bit slower then we have been
accustomed to recently."

He said domestic demand, which had underpinned economic growth for the past 18
months, was slowing.

Dollar steps on the gaffe

-- Page 21

Car sales surge; Household debt up -- Page 28

Toughing it out

Seasonally adjusted

Quarterly % change Sept to Dec 02 ___  Annual % change Dec 01 to Dec 02 ___ %
contribution to GDP growth Sept to Dec 02

Government expenditure ___ 2.6 ___ 5 ___ 0.5

Household consumption ___ 0.6 ___ 4.1 ___ 0.4

Dwellings ___ 4.2 ___ 20.6 ___ 0.3

Business investment ___ 7. 4 ___ 19 ___ 0.9

Government investment ___ 10.2 ___ 1 ___ 0.4

Gross national expenditure ___ 2.4 ___ 6.5 ___ 2.4

Exports ___ -0.4 ___ 2.1 ___ -0.1

Imports ___ 7 ___ 17. 1 ___ -1.6

Gross domestic product ___ 0.4 ___ 3 ___ 0.4

Source: ABS

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Uttoxeter Advertiser

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Farmland prices top £10,000 in the area

BYLINE: Rob Smyth

SECTION: NEWS:ENVIRONMENT; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 466  words


THE value of farmland in East Staffordshire has topped £10,000 an acre.

Farmers will be rubbing their hands after learning that they can get a
five-figure sum for their land following new research by agricultural
specialists Smiths Gore which showed that the price was at a record high.

It was also revealed that land which could be use for housing developments is
now said to be worth around £11,000 an acre.

"Investors continue to move their money into the 'safe haven' of farmland as an
investment, with its obvious tax advantages, but farmers remain the dominant, if
slightly more cautious, buyers, which makes lotting and marketing land
attractively even more important than usual", Ed de Lisle, of Smiths Gore, told
the Advertiser.

"Demand from both investors and farmer buyers is supporting competition for land
and driving capital growth."

Despite the price boom, there has actually been less land put up for sale in the
area compared to 2013, which has exacerbated the demand and competition for land
across the entire West Midlands.

In the year to date, 68,200 acres have been advertised, compared with 73,500
acres in 2013.

Despite the high levels of value in farmland, there are no sites currently up
for sale in Burton or in neighbouring South Derbyshire.

Harry Cotterell (pictured), president of rural campaigns CLA, welcomed the
announcement.

He said: "Investment is vital if the rural economy is to continue to grow and
recover.

"It is a major boost that the survey shows investment is expected to rise in
both the farming sector and non-farming businesses."

Dr Jason Beedell, head of research at Smiths Gore, said:  "Farming businesses
continue to recover from a challenging 2012, and the balance now expect sales
and profits to be higher in the next year.

"Just under 40 per cent of the non-agricultural rural businesses reported higher
sales over the past six months and 58 percent expect sales growth next year -
fantastic news for the rural economy as a whole."

Data from the Rural Economy Index for the first half of 2014 shows more farming
and non-agricultural businesses are  expecting to increase investment in the
next 12 months.

For agricultural businesses, optimism is up six per cent reaching a net balance
of  more than 42 per cent - the highest high since the survey started - as the
farming sector continues to recover from its dip in 2012. More farming
businesses expect to invest further in their businesses - a net balance of more
than 36 per cent, up from six per cent.

Non-agricultural businesses have also become more positive about business
investments, with a net balance of  more than 46 percent expecting higher
investment in the next 12 months, again the highest level recorded by the REI.

More information is available by heading online and visiting www.cla.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                           December 1, 1993 Wednesday

NATION BOUNCES BACK

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: BROWN W

LENGTH: 546 words


KEYWORD-HIT

Investors shrug

off hard times

Nation

bounces

back

By WALLACE BROWN national affairs editor AUSTRALIA is bouncing off the

ropes of recession

according to business, rural and industrial indicators released

yesterday.

The latest national account figures showed a pick-up in private

sector investment, the most important cog in Australia's economic

engine; and a Queensland Farmers Federation survey of producers showed

the rural depression had ""bottomed out".

Statistics Bureau national accounts figures for the September

quarter showed a 3.4 percent increase in business investment in

seasonally adjusted terms and a 6 percent increase in private sector

spending on plant and equipment.

Overall growth in gross domestic product was a relatively weak 0.4

percent in the quarter, but this put the annual growth rate at 3.4

percent _ compared with a Budget estimate of just 2.75 percent.

Embarrassed Statistics Bureau officials last night were forced to

upgrade an earlier published growth rate figure of 0.3 percent to the

0.4 percent mark after admitting they had omitted $200 million in

production.

The bureau said all components of private capital expenditure

had increased substantially.

Better times _ but only for those Australians with jobs _ also were

reflected in a 1.5 per-

cent increase in household disposable income.

In Queensland signs of a gradual rural recovery also emerged.

Queensland Farmers Federation executive officer Michael O'Neill

said the organisation's survey showed ""the primary industry

sector in Queensland is not dead".

Mr O'Neill said the survey of farmers around the state revealed

strong performances in sectors such as sugar, dairy, horticulture and

chicken meat.

Graingrowers and western graziers were still badly affected by poor

seasons.

""But there is some hope beginning

to show through," Mr O'Neill said.

He said lower interest rates had relieved debt and the lower dollar

had boosted exports and there were early signs of investor interest in

rural

property.

More than half the farmers surveyed were still reporting falling

profits in the September quarter, but the result was a 6 percent

improvement on the June quarter.

Rural employment appeared to have stabilised.

The outlook for general employment throughout Australia remained

grim despite the boost in private

sector investment.

Federal Treasurer John Dawkins warned the national accounts did not

point to major

reductions in unemployment.

Government advisers also said the projected recovery meant no

further interest rates cuts were likely.

Mr Dawkins said there had now been modest growth in gross domestic

product for the past eight quarters which indicated the economy was

continuing to strengthen.

""These numbers indicate that the improvement in business

confidence evident in recent quarters is now being translated into

actual investment," he said.

Mr Dawkins also said the Japanese Government's announcement of an

economic package to stimulate its economy was encouraging

for Australia.

But several Treasury economists were cautious about Tokyo's

moves as they waited to see the results reflected on the

highly-volatile Japanese stock market.

Leahy's view, Editorial, Page 8

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                           December 1, 1993 Wednesday

NATION BOUNCES BACK

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: BROWN W

LENGTH: 514 words


KEYWORD-HIT

Investors shrug

off hard times

Nation

bounces

back

By WALLACE BROWN national affairs editor AUSTRALIA is bouncing off the

ropes of recession

according to business, rural and industrial indicators released

yesterday.

The latest national account figures showed a pick-up in private

sector investment, the most important cog in Australia's economic

engine; and a Queensland Farmers Federation survey of producers showed

the rural depression had ""bottomed out".

Statistics Bureau national accounts figures for the September

quarter showed a 3.4 percent increase in business investment in

seasonally adjusted terms and a 6 percent increase in private sector

spending on plant and equipment.

Overall growth in gross domestic product was a relatively weak 0.4

percent in the quarter, but this put the annual growth rate at 3.4

percent _ compared with a Budget estimate of just 2.75 percent.

Embarrassed Statistics Bureau officials last night were forced to

upgrade an earlier published growth rate figure of 0.3 percent to the

0.4 percent mark after admitting they had omitted $200 million in

production.

The bureau said all components of private capital expenditure

had increased substantially.

Better times _ but only for those Australians with jobs _ also were

reflected in a 1.5 per-

cent increase in household disposable income.

In Queensland signs of a gradual rural recovery also emerged.

Queensland Farmers Federation executive officer Michael O'Neill

said the organisation's survey showed ""the primary industry

sector in Queensland is not dead".

Mr O'Neill said the survey of farmers around the state revealed

strong performances in sectors such as sugar, dairy, horticulture and

chicken meat.

Graingrowers and western graziers were still badly affected by poor

seasons.

""But there is some hope beginning

to show through," Mr O'Neill said.

He said lower interest rates had relieved debt and the lower dollar

had boosted exports and there were early signs of investor interest in

rural

property.

More than half the farmers surveyed were still reporting falling

profits in the September quarter, but the result was a 6 percent

improvement on the June quarter.

Rural employment appeared to have stabilised.

The outlook for general employment throughout Australia remained

grim despite the boost in private

sector investment.

Federal Treasurer John Dawkins warned the national accounts did not

point to major

reductions in unemployment.

Government advisers also said the projected recovery meant no

further interest rates cuts were likely.

Mr Dawkins said there had now been modest growth in gross domestic

product for the past eight quarters which indicated the economy was

continuing to strengthen.

""These numbers indicate that the improvement in business

confidence evident in recent quarters is now being translated into

actual investment," he said.

Mr Dawkins also said the Japanese Government's announcement of an

economic package to stimulate its economy was encouraging

for Australia.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

USDA Opens $10 Billion Rural Infrastructure P3 Fund

BYLINE: Jim Watts

SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 588  words


DALLAS - The U.S. Department of Agriculture and CoBank have created a $10
billion public-private partnership fund to build rural schools, hospitals, and
water systems with investments by institutions, pension funds, endowments, and
other private partners.

Anchor investor CoBank has committed $10 billion of balance sheet capacity to
co-lend with the new U.S. Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund. Cobank is a
$102 billion-asset cooperative bank that lends to agribusiness and serves Farm
Credit associations, a government-sponsored network of banks in 23 states.

Agriculture Secretary Thomas Vilsack said Thursday that USDA and other federal
agencies will help identify rural projects in need of financing from the new
fund and through other private sources and public-private partnerships.

"USDA and other agencies invest in infrastructure through a variety of federal
initiatives, but our resources are finite and there are backlogs of projects in
many parts of the economy," Vilsack said. "We know the need is out there, and we
also know the profit opportunity is out there."

The fund is immediately open for business, Vilsack said.

Capitol Peak Asset Management will manage the new fund and recruit more
investors to add to CoBank's initial commitment.

Projects funded through the new effort will include hospitals, clinics, schools,
roads and bridges, rural water and wastewater systems, energy projects, and
expansion of rural broadband, Vilsack said.

Some projects may be funded entirely with private sector dollars, he said, while
others may involve private dollars leveraged with government loan and grant
programs.

"These are loans that everybody would like to do and be involved in, but that
challenge has been making sure that folks with the resources are aware of the
projects," Vilsack said at a White House news conference announcing the rural
fund.

Many major investors in urban centers are often unaware of the significant
investment opportunities in rural communities, he said.

"We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment," Vilsack
said. "We know where investment opportunities exist, so we are in a position to
help promote these projects among investors."

The fund partnership brings together USDA's knowledge of the opportunities
available in rural America with CoBank's ability to bring in capital, he said.

"Frankly, if we do it together, we're going to be able to do leverage each
other's resources far more effectively," Vilsack said.

The rural infrastructure fund will attract a variety of new participants, he
said, including pension funds, endowments, foundations, and other institutional
investors that have not traditionally had access to rural development efforts.

CoBank will review and decide on each transaction individually on a case-by-case
basis, said chief executive officer Robert B. Engel.

"To remain competitive, we must develop innovative financing strategies that
will ensure infrastructure investment keeps pace with the needs of agriculture
and other key rural industries," Engel said.

Loans made by CoBank side-by-side with the fund will remain on its own balance
sheet or be syndicated to Farm Credit institution partners, he said. The loans
will be supplemented by additional capital provided by investors brought in by
the fund manager.

"It will enhance access to capital for a wide array of vital infrastructure
projects around the country and speed up the process of rural infrastructure
improvements," Engel said.

CoBank may also service some loans made through the fund.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 25, 2004 Thursday

Rural Oklahoma Capital Alliance plots $20 million investment

BYLINE: Janice Francis-Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


The Rural Oklahoma Capital Alliance plans to invest $20 million in rural
Oklahoma.

The new for-profit venture capital organization unveiled its plans Wednesday at
a press conference at the state Capitol.

Partners in the organization include the Oklahoma Farm Bureau, the Oklahoma
Farmers Union, Pioneer Telephone Cooperative, the Oklahoma Rural Development
Council, the Oklahoma State University Department of Agriculture, and The State
Chamber. Ray Wheatley, who has gained experience with venture capital working
with New Century Capital Corp. in Stillwater and Stillwater Investment Partners,
serves as president of the Rural Oklahoma Capital Alliance, or ROCA.

ROCA has already raised about $2.5 million, and plans to leverage its funds with
federal grant funds made available through the Rural Business Investment
Program, administered by the Small Business Administration and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

Though ROCA may support startup and existing companies from many different
industries, seven specific industries are being targeted for investment:
technology, alternative agriculture, value-added processing, tourism,
alternative forms of energy, manufacturing and services.

"There are no boundaries on new ideas and initiatives," said Wheatley. Though
some great ideas spring up in rural communities, the money and management skills
needed to turn those ideas into successful companies has been lacking in rural
areas, he said. This has resulted in "incomplete companies" in rural areas, that
"don't have all the expertise - and don't have the money to hire all the
expertise - they need to be successful," said Wheatley.

"Ninety-eight percent of venture capital stays in the urban areas," said
Wheatley. "We must invest in rural Oklahoma for the long-term well-being of our
overall state economy."

The idea to form ROCA was conceived in 2002 at a business and industry meeting
at The State Chamber, and the chamber has been instrumental in the
organization's development.

"ROCA eliminates the greatest road blocks to economic development in rural
(Oklahoma), which is access to capital and expertise," said State Chamber
President Dick Rush. "The technical assistance available through this program,
which includes developing strategic business plans, hiring staff and overseeing
operations and management, will contribute to helping build sustainable economic
enterprises to support rural Oklahoma job creation."

"There is money in the rural community for them to invest in themselves - there
just hasn't been a vehicle for them to do so," said Tom Sturgeon, vice president
of Hennessey-based Dollar Enterprises. Dollar Enterprises includes a number of
successful ventures in Hennessey, including Dollar Transportation and Dollar
Motor Sports.

Sturgeon said he and his boss, David Dollar, were surprised by how many
investors they found were willing to support rural businesses. Dollar's latest
venture is developing wheat-straw into a marketable bed liner for transporting
farm animals. Sturgeon said the wheat-straw, if processed and packaged well,
could replace wood chips as the bed liner of choice in the industry.

"But we know we can't just go into a commercial banker and say, 'We've got $1
million, give us $9 million," said Sturgeon.

These are just the kind of ventures ROCA is looking for. According to D.C.
Coston, associate dean of OSU's Department of Agriculture, the mission of ROCA
fits in nicely with the mission of the university. "We want to help rural
Oklahoma's economy grow," said Coston. "That's what we're about. We're hoping in
the long run to develop an entrepreneurial ethic in rural Oklahoma. And maybe a
generation from now, have the developed the people who can be CEO of a major
international company - located in rural Oklahoma."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                  May 20, 2013

We Are Fulfilling Our Promises - Ahmed

LENGTH: 379 words


Two years into his tenure, Gov. Abdulfatah Ahmed of Kwara says his government is
fulfilling its electoral promises to the electorates as encapsulated in the
Shared Prosperity Programme.

Ahmed said this on Monday at the 2013 New Partnership for Africa Development
(NEPAD) Kwara Business and Investment Development Interactive Session held in
Ilorin.

He highlighted some of the achievements to include the rehabilitation of 400
classrooms, provision of free education up to post primary level and reduction
of tuition fees in the state-owned university at Malete.

In line with his administration's electoral promises, Ahmed said over 300 bore
holes had been sunk.

He also said that 13 water works were rehabilitated across the state in the last
two years to create greater access to water supply by the people.

Ahmed recalled that additional 189 communities in the state now enjoy regular
electricity supply under his administration's rural and urban electrification
programme.

The governor said over 800 kilometres of rural, urban and federal roads had been
rehabilitated by the state government to enhance infrastructure development.

He said primary and secondary health care institutions as well as five General
Hospitals had either been rehabilitated or at various stages of completion.

On employment generation, Ahmed said over 2,000 youths were employed through the
Kwara State Bridge Empowerment Scheme (KWABES).

The governor also said 28,000 small business owners benefited from N250 million
loan facilities while another N100 million loan had been earmarked for Micro,
Small, and Medium Scale enterprises this year.

Ahmed promised that in the coming months, his government would implement
landmark projects to accelerate economic growth and stimulate rapid job
creation.

He assured the people that an Independent Power Project would be established to
provide constant electricity across the state.

The Chairman of the occasion, Alhaji Lanre Sagaya, said NEPAD was to promote
African integration by focusing on such issues as creating an enabling
environment for economic growth.

An industrialist, Alhaji Jani Ibrahim, in his own contribution, lauded the
interactive session, saying it provided a useful platform for the private sector
to table its challenges before government. (NAN)

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Impartial Reporter

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

NORTHERN IRELAND RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMME (NIRDP) 2014-2020

SECTION: PUBLIC NOTICES

LENGTH: 483 words


FERMANAGH .<. QMACH
H
_uO
LOCAL ACTION GROUP
NORTHERN IRELAND RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMME (NIRDP) 2014-2020
INTERESTED IN APPLYING FOR FUNDING?
The Fermanagh and Omagh Local Action Group (LAG) will administer the Rural
Business Investment Scheme by delivering funding under the following themes:


? Theme 1 - Rural Business: Growth - Support for Traditional Industries
including Manufacturing, Engineering, Construction and related Services;

? Theme 2 - Rural Business: Innovation - Support for IT, Creative Industries,
Specialist Health and Wellbeing and Service provision; and

? Theme 3 - Rural Business: Tourism - Support for Activity Based Tourism,
Tourism and Craft Production, Accommodation enhancements and supporting
infrastructure

The LAG will be hosting a number of MANDATORY Funding Workshops across the
District Council area for THEME 1 ONLY. Workshops will be held as follows:
? The Milestone Centre, Carrickmore at 7.00pm on Tuesday 8 March 2016

? Belleek Community Centre, Belleek at 7.00pm on Wednesday 9 March 2016

? Belcoo Community Centre, Belcoo at 7.00pm on Thursday 10 March 2016

? Drumquin Sure Start, Drumquin at 7.00pm on Monday 14 March 2016

? Kesh Community Centre, Kesh at 7.00pm on Tuesday 15 March 2016

? Castle Park Leisure Centre, Lisnaskea at 7.00pm on Monday 21 March 2016

? Ecclesville Centre, Fintona at 7.00pm on Tuesday 22 March 2016

? Aughakillymaude Community Centre, Aughakillymaude at 7.00pm on Monday 4 April
2016

? The Field Study Centre, Derrygonnelly at 7.00pm on Tuesday 5 April 2016

? Greencastle Community Centre, Greencastle at 7.00pm on Wednesday 13 April 2016


? Dooneen Community and Education Centre, Imeroo, Tempo at 7.00pm on Thursdayl4
April 2016

Tea/Coffee will be available from 7.00pm with Workshops commencing at 7:30pm
sharp
If you are interested in applying for funding under THEME 1 then you are
required to attend one of the workshops. This is the LAG's initial call for
applications for Theme 1. Failure of the business owner/Director to attend a
workshop will result in you being ineligible to apply under this call for
applications. Please note Funding Workshops for Themes 2 and 3 will be held at a
later date.
Should you wish to speak to a member of staff for further details about the
Funding Workshops or the Programme you can do so by contacting Fermanagh and
Omagh Local Action Group (LAG) Ltd, 1 Market Street, Omagh, Co Tyrone, BT781EE
Tel: 028 8225 0202
PLEASE NOTE: This is a competitive programme. Attendance at a Mandatory Funding
Workshop or receipt of an invitation to submit an application for financial
assistance having attended a Funding Workshop DOES NOT indicate that your
application/the project will be awarded financial assistance.
'SSr Rural Development ^^^Deveiopment ^MlfflM^
Rural Development

^^^Deveiopment
^MlfflM^
mwui«M«Muk Programme ^£ZZZi£££Z£
«M


^£ZZZi£££Z£
Iahnhafoclita agiu
ForbarthaTiurithe P5<V

P5
Fairmaan 5fo^

5fo^
Kintra Fbrderin

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            April 20, 1988 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

REGULAR SHORTS

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Letters; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 351 words


FARM RECOVERY NOT BAD NEWS

SIR, What a ridiculous headline on the article by Michael Stutchbury, "Farm
income growth fuels risky economic rebound" (AFR, April 8). Sure, there has been
a welcome turnaround in rural incomes, mainly as a result of the rapid rise in
wool prices, but to infer that this fuels risky economic growth is nonsense.

The rural and mining sectors of the economy are the areas in which Australia has
a clear and long-standing comparative advantage in production, high technical
efficiency, and are still our most important export income earners. Surely the
improved outlook for these industries is exactly what the doctor would order to
cure Australia's economic ills quickly.

This is not an argument against developing exports of more sophisticated
manufactures, which is clearly desirable, but takes time to accomplish. It is a
recognition of our current strengths and weaknesses in the export sector, which
is why the one new export earner which we have been able to get up and running
quickly, tourism, is so important in this recovery.

Yes, there are inherent price risks associated with a recovery based on
commodity-led exports, but no greater than we have had to manage in the past,
and is that risk any greater than a recovery led by the financial sector?

The events of October 1987 are, to my mind, the result of economic activity
which is far less soundly based as far as contribution to the overall economy is
concerned, than the rural recovery.

Let me have a boom led by "farming incomes, a spectacular recovery in housing
(which of course is largely a result of the high interest rates of recent years
easing), an apparent rise in business investment, solid gains in manufacturing
output and

a bicentennial (maybe?) influx of tourist" any day, over a boom led by the paper
shufflers of O'Connell Street, Collins Street or some Western Australian
entrepreneurs.

If this is bad economic news I will be glad if the Financial Review could serve
it up to me every day, then I could take my mind off the really bad news like
what to spend the wool cheque on.

NICK TRUELOVE,

Waverton, NSW.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                Central Telegraph and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               February 22, 2013

Do you need to adjust tax instalments?

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 312  words


PAYG instalments are used by the Australian Taxation Office to collect amounts
towards your expected income tax liability on your business and investment
income during the income year.

Business income can also include your share of profits from a partnership or a
trust.

Your tax liability is worked out at the end of the income year, when your annual
income tax return is prepared and your PAYG instalments are credited against
your income tax assessment to work out if you owe more tax or are owed a refund
of some of the tax you have already paid.

Because the required instalments calculated by the ATO are based on the most
recent income tax return you have lodged, the amount may be inappropriate if
your circumstances or trading conditions have changed significantly in the new
financial year.

For this reason, you are able to vary the instalment to a more appropriate
amount.

It is important to note this should be done with some caution.

When varying instalments, you may be liable to pay a general interest charge
back to the date the instalment should have been paid, if your varied amount is
less than 85% of the actual tax payable on your business and investment income
when your tax return is prepared.

Undertaking tax planning can assist with avoiding general interest charges from
varying your instalments too low.

Tax planning involves reviewing the year-to-date financial performance of your
business and aims to predict what profit levels, come June 30, might look like.

This not only gives you a better idea of what your final tax position might look
like but can give you peace of mind that varying your instalments won't come
back to bite you.

We strongly recommend you contact your financial advisor or our office for
assistance before varying your instalment amount.

Jody Williams B Bus (Accounting), CPA is client manager at GTC Financial,
Gladstone.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RRW


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            January 23, 2017 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

New rural foundation leader returns to his roots

BYLINE: SHANNON PRATHER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 520 words



HIGHLIGHT: Fresh off a federal government post, S.D. native will lead Little
Falls-based development group.


Matt Varilek remembers the first time he realized his family was struggling to
make ends meet.

Free and reduced lunch tickets at his elementary school in rural South Dakota
were a different color than the full-priced ones, and Varilek was holding the
ticket used by the poor kids.

"It was a source of embarrassment in those days. I recalled telling my mom, 'I
know what this means. I need you to buy the regular priced one,' " Varilek said.

Varilek, the new president and CEO of the Little Falls-based Initiative
Foundation, said he's now grateful for those programs, which helped him and
other small-town kids succeed. He said he won't forget that childhood view from
the lunch line as he leads the foundation focused on rural economic and
community development.

"Those helping hands made it possible to do something that otherwise would have
been closed off to me," said Varilek, who relied on scholarships and loans to
earn a bachelor's degree from Carleton College and two masters degrees.

Before moving to Minnesota in December, Varilek was chief operating officer at
the U.S. Small Business Administration, a position appointed by President Obama.
Varilek also worked as an economic development director for two U.S. senators
from South Dakota. He ran as a Democrat for South Dakota's only congressional
seat in 2012, losing to the incumbent Republican Rep. Kristi Noem.

The foundation is nonpartisan, but Varilek said his time in politics gave him
the opportunity to tour rural communities, listen to residents' concerns and
advocate for resources.

"He's got the high emotional intelligence we need and he's got the passion to
drive us," said Larry Korf, chairman of the foundation's board of trustees.

Community members established the Initiative Foundation, covering 14 central
Minnesota counties and the St. Cloud area, in 1986 as rural America struggled
with declines in farming and mining, high unemployment and a shifting economy.
It is one of six

such foundations in the state that received seed money and support from the
McKnight Foundation.

It serves as a gap lender helping businesses and entrepreneurs create jobs and
diversify the economy. The foundation also awards grants to nonprofits and
schools, runs early childhood education programs and funds and provides
technical assistance for job skills training. It has $63 million in assets.

Since its inception, it has awarded $81 million in grants and loans, created
13,000 jobs and leveraged $200 million in private business investment, said
retiring President Kathy Gaalswyk, who has led the foundation from the beginning
and praised Varilek's hiring.

Varilek and his wife, Maggie, wanted to move back to a small town in the
Midwest, preferably Minnesota, to raise their family. They have three children,
including a daughter named after novelist Willa Cather, who wrote about rural
life on the Great Plains.

"It's a great part of his story," Gaalswyk said. "To have someone that has rural
roots and making a conscious decision to move back to raise their family is
really important and directly linked to the mission of what we do."

Shannon Prather · 612-673-4804

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Folk2Folk to open branch in Tewkesbury

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 221  words


Folk2Folk, one of the UK's fastest growing peer-to-peer business lenders is to
open a new branch in Tewkesbury.

The Cornwall business has chosen Gloucestershire as its first strategic region
as part of a national expansion plan having already established a local demand
for its finance services.

Tewkesbury was chosen based on its strong rural business network and geographic
importance to other local towns and areas such as the Cotswolds, Herefordshire
and the Forest of Dean.

This new branch will be the third opening from Cornish head-quartered Folk2Folk
which launched in 2013.

The new Folk2Folk branch will be proudly situated in the heart of the town at
102 Church Street, Tewkesbury from November 1.

As well as investment loans, Folk2Folk also works with business professionals
and have already started to form strong relationships with lawyers, accountants
and bankers working to provide financial solutions for their clients.

Folk2Folk is not a bank but a peer-to-peer lending service that specialises in
local secured lending for businesses. Investment returns on offer range from
5.5% to 6.5% based on the LTV of the property.

Jane Dumeresque, Folk2Folk CEO, said: "Our mission is to help local businesses
get access to the finance they need to grow by matching them to local investors
in a quick, simple and easy process."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Farming escapes any forecast Budget cuts

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 470 words


Good news generally - but let's see some real action to help farming and the
countryside, and not just support for urban voters.

As the dust settles on details of the 2011 Budget, farm leaders are reflecting
on the likely consequences and effects of George Osborne's tax changes, with
modest relief on fuel duty high on the agenda.

"The cancellation of the fuel duty escalator, accompanied by the 1p cut, will
help the food and farming industries, that are struggling to absorb rising fuel
costs," said NFU President Peter Kendall.

This was a budget that spoke much about supporting private sector growth, which
was essential, he said.

"But it is important that the Government ensures its focus extends beyond urban
and incorporated businesses, and enables rural businesses to contribute to this
drive for growth," he insisted. "For instance, Local Enterprise Partnerships,
which will play an important role in the new enterprise zones, must not want for
rural representation, and food production as an industry sector must not be
overlooked as new zones are rolled out."

Mr Osborne's commitment to reforming the planning system with a new National
Planning Policy Framework, was welcomed by CLA South West Director, John
Mortimer.

"Done well, this will encourage the kind of development in the countryside
necessary to help rural communities survive and thrive," he said.

It was encouraging that the Chancellor had taken on board the substantial
increase in the cost of the planning system over the past five years and its
excessive bureaucracy. His promise of a 12-month guarantee for the processing of
all planning applications, including appeals, would change the economic dynamic
of the planning process.

Farmers would breathe a sigh of relief, with valuable Inheritance Tax allowances
remaining intact, said Catherine Vickery, of specialist rural accountants Old
Mill, based in Shepton Mallet.

"We were expecting Agricultural Property Relief, particularly on farmhouses and
rented land, to be attacked, but it didn't happen, which was great news," she
said.

Landowners might also benefit from an increase in the limit for Entrepreneur's
Relief, which reduces Capital Gains rate to 10 per cent on eligible sales up to
£10 million in a lifetime - double the previous limit.

"This is good news for farmers selling land for development," said Mrs Vickery.
But generally it was a Budget that left farming alone.

As Mike Townsend, of Savills' Exeter office, commented: "There is nothing in the
Budget that will alter the course of UK agriculture. The Chancellor referred to
the increase in food prices - but otherwise agriculture did not get a mention.
The measures to encourage business and investment are welcomed and the extension
of Entrepreneur's relief might encourage farmers to retire while land prices are
still riding high."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Government must help rural businesses in the national drive for
growth, says NFU President Peter Kendall

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2011 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           December 7, 1991 Saturday

Commitment to rural policy

BYLINE: MALCOLM NEWELL

LENGTH: 651 words


NOW the hue and cry has died down, Industry Minister Lynn Arnold and the South
Australian Regional Development Association are once again engaged in warm
political intercourse. They have agreed on how to develop "non-metropolitan"
Adelaide.

Strong words were spoken earlier this year when SARDA accused the Government of
suffering from myopia. Ministerial vision, the argument went, went very fuzzy
north of Gepps Cross. Worse, they accused the Department of Industry, Trade and
Technology of assigning a man and a dog to the task of regional development when
a co-ordinated policy was needed urgently. All that is behind us.

The rural crisis has focused attention on the issues. Unless action is taken to
broaden the economic base of the threatened regions and towns, the State's
infrastructure will be irreparably damaged.

Now the official line is that "regional business development policy aims to
complement and build on the Government's Statewide business development
strategies in a manner sympathetic to the aspirations of people in regional SA".

To realise this, an additional $480,000 will be injected into regional
development boards if local councils come to the party and put up some cash,
too. This funding commitment will span five years and allow a more professional
approach to the job which, with SARDA's whole-hearted support, replaces what
was, at best, a rickety program. The Government wants a partnership with the
regions, both through the councils and with local boards and individuals able to
lead and energise regional initiatives. This is not just about money

- it needs a fanatical commitment to win in a rural depression.

If this policy fails for lack of support, thousands of people will quit the
country, probably for ever, and abandon the opportunities that exist there in
normal economic conditions. Were that to happen, many towns could shrivel.

This State is still dependent on the farm sector. Without primary production, a
weak and unbalanced secondary industry base cannot carry the economy, more so
since the misspent youth of the State Bank.

While the Government's upgraded plan is sound, it is up to the regional boards
to perform and that will not be easy when business investment is, at best,
reluctant and, at worst, strangled. But the Government is prepared to offer
financial support to new ventures, subject to strict conditions, and this could
tip the balance.

When the regional development here was set running in 1985, the Government set
down nine principles to guide policy for the next decade. Herewith Mr Arnold's
report card, by my assessment:

Maintain/strengthen manufacturing -

5/10 only because the big projects, such as the submarine deal, have been offset
by the damage done to small-to-medium companies by high interest rates and
fumbling federal policy.

Attract new industries - 7/10, with most of the marks for trying rather than
results. Mr Arnold has certainly been in their rooting for SA at every chance.

Drive for exports - 3/10. Without a reformed tax system and intelligent
Government support, local companies have no incentive.

Centre for technological excellence - 4/10, again mainly for effort. Link the
idea of technology with excellence and you get "a wanker's paradise".

Strengthen financial base - 0/10.

Promote competitive edge - 5/10. Some progress but inattentive and bogged down
in unrealistic expectations.

Develop potential of small business - 3/10 for some expansion of learning
facilities but poor understanding of the central issues and unpardonable
statements by colleagues.

Develop tourism potential - 9/10. With strong departmental support this has been
by far the most rewarding work to date. Well done.

Partnership of public and private sectors - 0/10. No comment justified.

Perhaps we need to recant on some of the nine principles and rethink the
nebulous 90s.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           December 7, 1991 Saturday

Commitment to rural policy

BYLINE: MALCOLM NEWELL

LENGTH: 650 words


NOW the hue and cry has died down, Industry Minister Lynn Arnold and the South
Australian Regional Development Association are once again engaged in warm
political intercourse. They have agreed on how to develop "non-metropolitan"
Adelaide.

Strong words were spoken earlier this year when SARDA accused the Government of
suffering from myopia. Ministerial vision, the argument went, went very fuzzy
north of Gepps Cross. Worse, they accused the Department of Industry, Trade and
Technology of assigning a man and a dog to the task of regional development when
a co-ordinated policy was needed urgently. All that is behind us.

The rural crisis has focused attention on the issues. Unless action is taken to
broaden the economic base of the threatened regions and towns, the State's
infrastructure will be irreparably damaged.

Now the official line is that "regional business development policy aims to
complement and build on the Government's Statewide business development
strategies in a manner sympathetic to the aspirations of people in regional SA".

To realise this, an additional $480,000 will be injected into regional
development boards if local councils come to the party and put up some cash,
too. This funding commitment will span five years and allow a more professional
approach to the job which, with SARDA's whole-hearted support, replaces what
was, at best, a rickety program. The Government wants a partnership with the
regions, both through the councils and with local boards and individuals able to
lead and energise regional initiatives. This is not just about money

- it needs a fanatical commitment to win in a rural depression.

If this policy fails for lack of support, thousands of people will quit the
country, probably for ever, and abandon the opportunities that exist there in
normal economic conditions. Were that to happen, many towns could shrivel.

This State is still dependent on the farm sector. Without primary production, a
weak and unbalanced secondary industry base cannot carry the economy, more so
since the misspent youth of the State Bank.

While the Government's upgraded plan is sound, it is up to the regional boards
to perform and that will not be easy when business investment is, at best,
reluctant and, at worst, strangled. But the Government is prepared to offer
financial support to new ventures, subject to strict conditions, and this could
tip the balance.

When the regional development here was set running in 1985, the Government set
down nine principles to guide policy for the next decade. Herewith Mr Arnold's
report card, by my assessment:

Maintain/strengthen manufacturing -

5/10 only because the big projects, such as the submarine deal, have been offset
by the damage done to small-to-medium companies by high interest rates and
fumbling federal policy.

Attract new industries - 7/10, with most of the marks for trying rather than
results. Mr Arnold has certainly been in their rooting for SA at every chance.

Drive for exports - 3/10. Without a reformed tax system and intelligent
Government support, local companies have no incentive.

Centre for technological excellence - 4/10, again mainly for effort. Link the
idea of technology with excellence and you get "a wanker's paradise".

Strengthen financial base - 0/10.

Promote competitive edge - 5/10. Some progress but inattentive and bogged down
in unrealistic expectations.

Develop potential of small business - 3/10 for some expansion of learning
facilities but poor understanding of the central issues and unpardonable
statements by colleagues.

Develop tourism potential - 9/10. With strong departmental support this has been
by far the most rewarding work to date. Well done.

Partnership of public and private sectors - 0/10. No comment justified.

Perhaps we need to recant on some of the nine principles and rethink the
nebulous 90s.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Growth defies predictions

BYLINE: David Uren, Economics correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 789 words


HOUSEHOLDS have cut their spending for the first time since the nation was last
in recession, but business investment has kept the economy growing much faster
than the Reserve Bank or the Government had hoped.

Economic growth reached 2.7per cent last year after a 0.3percentage point rise
in the June quarter.

``Today's figures show that despite the global financial crisis and the slowing
global economy, the Australian economy is continuing to grow solidly,''
Treasurer Wayne Swan said.

Both the Government and the Reserve Bank had feared that the economy would
shrink, or at best achieve zero growth in the face of weak retail sales, poor
export growth and a fall in business inventories.

However, only NSW went backwards in the quarter, its economy shrinking by 0.1per
cent, while every other state achieved good economic growth.

Mr Swan noted that Australia's growth last year was higher than any of the other
major developed countries, five of which had recorded negative or zero growth.

``We can't defy gravity forever,'' he said. ``But if you were any country in the
world in these circumstances the country you would want to be is Australia.''

Excluding the drought-afflicted rural sector, the economy achieved 0.5 per cent
growth in the quarter, which is not far short of the long-term average growth
rate of 0.8per cent.

Although the non-farm economy was a long way from recession, it did not feel
like that to consumers who reacted to soaring fuel prices and mortgage costs and
plunging share markets

Continued -- Page 2

From Page 1

with a 0.1 per cent cut in spending, the first since the September quarter of
1993.

Consumers cut back on food, cigarettes, clothing, furniture, entertainment,
restaurants, cars and mobile telephones.

Mr Swan said that petrol prices had risen by 25c a litre on average during the
quarter.

Mortgage and credit card costs stripped consumers of $23.5 billion in the
quarter, a $4.9 billion increase from a year earlier.

While household spending fell in NSW and Victoria, it rose in other states.
Access Economics director Chris Richardson said consumer confidence had plunged
even further in Australia than it had in the US.

There are continuing indicators of weakness in consumer spending. Figures
released yesterday show that car sales suffered a 12.3per cent drop last month
compared with a year ago while a survey of service industry firms conducted by
the Australian Industry Group shows a steepening decline in sales and new
orders, particularly for retailers, and restaurants.

Commonwealth Bank chief economist Michael Blythe said consumer spending rarely
fell and when it did, it was either a random variation or an indication of
recession.

``The task for policy-makers is to determine into which group the second
quarter's result falls,'' hesaid.

The Reserve Bank is expected to monitor closely the retail sales, consumer
confidence, credit growth and jobs figures in deciding whether to cut interest
rates further at its October meeting.

Mr Blythe said household incomes, after tax, interest payments and inflation,
were still 2.3per cent higher than they were a year ago.

The economy is being supported by very strong growth in business investment,
which rose by 4 per cent in the quarter and almost 10 per cent over the year.

Business performance is mixed. Sectors that depend on discretionary consumer
spending are losing sales, such as retailing and restaurants.

The credit crunch is hurting the finance sector, while the drought generated a
7.7 per cent fall in farm production in the quarter.

Mining is an obviously strong sector, achieving 0.9 per cent growth in the
quarter, however there is a broad base of businesses doing well. Business
services, such as accounting and law firms, achieved 2.2 per cent growth in the
quarter while transport and storage grew 3.2 per cent and personal services rose
2.7 per cent.

Manufacturing has suffered from high interest rates, high exchange rates and
fierce competition from China, but managed 0.4 per cent growth in the quarter
and respectable 4.6 per cent growth over the year.

The Government's own spending is also helping the economy to keep its head above
water, rising 1.4 per cent in the quarter and by 5.2 per cent over the past
year. Defence spending is up by 12.9 per cent over the year.

In parliament yesterday, Kevin Rudd used the result to argue for the
Government's program of investment in infrastructure and education, saying the
Coalition had squandered the proceeds of the resources boom on consumption when
it was in government.

Opposition Treasury spokesman Malcolm Turnbull said the Government had inherited
a strong economy but comments by Mr Swan had caused the downturn in growth.

More reports -- Page 2

Comment -- Page 2

Business -- Page 19

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            April 19, 1989 Wednesday

RURAL PROPERTY BECOMES POPULAR TARGET OF THE BIG INVESTME

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: EVANS C

LENGTH: 612 words


Rural property becomes popular target of the big investment dollars HOW
attractive is rural property as investment? With the amount of interest shown in
recent years, it is undoubtedly becoming increasingly popular. We now see
National Mutural Life, Australian Mutual Provident Society, Colonial Mutual
Life, Australia Metal Holdings, the Superannuation Fund Investment Trust, and
individuals such as Kerry Packer, Rupert Murdoch, Robert Holmes a Court, Mike
Gore, John Fairfax and John Elliott as significant rural property investors. The
level of present interest was highlighted by the bidding duel for Wingadee at
Coonamble, New South Wales, which sold to Clyde Agriculture Pty Ltd for a record
price of more than $13 million. The losing bidder was National Mutual Life. On a
smaller scale, Tobermorey, a Northern Territory unstocked property, was
eventually sold to King Ranch Australia after fighting off a challenge from
Australian Agricultural Company and Sherwin Pastoral Company. The reasons for
this increasing interest include: The attractive returns reported by some rural
investors, in particular National Mutual, SFIT and Stanbroke Pastoral company
The favorable commodity prices received for some rural products, notably beef
and wool, and the stability of these prices over the past decade The movement
away from stocks following the October, 1987 stock market crash The increasing
awareness by the investment industry for agri-business The increasing avenues
available for investment The development of strong rural business advisory
sectors. However, business investment in the rural sector needs to be kept in
perspective. A characteristic of Australian agriculture is the predominance of
the family farm. In 1985-86 about 90 percent of Australian agriculture was
family owned, however it is significant to note this had declined from 95
percent in 1974-75 based on ABARE data. A study undertaken by IBIS said private
incorporated companies accounted for 6 percent of agricultural enterprises and
10 percent of industry's output. It is also interesting to note that ACIL
Australia concluded in a special report prepared for the Rural Investment Trust,
that long term returns from agriculture are comparable to those from
non-agricultural sectors and are also less variable. There are two important
criteria for successful investment: property selection property management. The
variability in rural property, even adjoining blocks, can be considerable. There
are many factors to consider in selecting a property, and these may include:
tenure productive capacity availability of water land quality condition of
improvements development potential location and access management
ease/difficulty operating costs economies of size. The bottom line is return on
capital invested. There are two aspects to consider in analysing return, income
and capital growth. An investment must first stack up on income with capital
growth of secondary albeit important consideration. For example, a pre tax
annual return of between 10 percent and 15 percent is easily achievable for
larger economy of scale rural investments with the addition of long term capital
growth comparable to CPI trends. The secondary criteria, management, is crucial
to making the investment work. The difference between good and average
management can be of the order of 5 percent return. Poor management coupled with
poor investment selection can lead to investment failure. The opportunities for
attractive rural investment are available, and a professional approach will
achieve success. Chris Evans is managing partner of the rural management and
valuation firm Taylor Byrne.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2011 California Western School of Law
                         California Western Law Review

                                  Spring, 2011

                         California Western Law Review

                             47 Cal. W. L. Rev. 411

LENGTH: 11955 words

Comment: Take The Money and Run: A Case for Benchmarking in the New Markets Tax
Credit Program

NAME: Meghan Bokath*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, December 2011, California Western School of Law; B.B.A.,
University of San Diego, 2007. Thank you to Nicole Melvani and the staff of the
California Western Law Review for their time and talent in preparing this
article for publication. Thank you to Professor Andrea Johnson for her
invaluable insight and guidance. I dedicate this Comment to my parents, Bill and
Mary Bokath. They have unwaveringly been with me through every high and low of
law school and life. I owe them more than I can ever say for their love,
encouragement, influence and support.

TEXT:
 [*411]

   Introduction

 In the Langley Park District of Baltimore, Maryland, the state's largest
immigrant service organization opens the doors of its new $ 13.8 million dollar
facility for the first time. n1 The center provides  [*412]  essential services
to the many immigrants who live in the area - especially catering to women and
low-income workers. The new center is brimming with activity. An English as a
Second Language class has commenced for the evening in one of the center's brand
new classrooms. In another area of the building, a single mother receives legal
aid to help recover unpaid wages she is owed. Elsewhere, a middle-aged man
receives help in opening his first bank account, one of over 1,700 people the
organization will assist in doing so in this year alone. n2 A man with a family
to feed gets help finding a job. A first generation immigrant collects
information on registering to vote. Another speaks with a counselor about how to
become a U.S. citizen.

   The organization, CASA of Maryland, financed the opening of their new
Multicultural Center through a $ 7.9 million tax credit from the United States
government. n3 This special type of tax credit, a New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC),
was specifically intended for developments that help low-income people in
economically depressed areas.

   Across town, a business and office park opens. It employs many scientists and
other highly educated, skilled professionals. BioPark's sleek new development
contains twelve buildings catering mostly to science, biotech and drug
development companies. The laboratories are state of the art. A gourmet cafe
serves lunch on site. Deals are negotiated. Investors make money.

   Curiously, this sparkling office park, filled with advanced degrees, fancy
lunches and tailored suits, also received the same tax credits intended for
low-income people in economically depressed areas. What is even more
incredulous, BioPark received a greater amount of tax credits than the CASA
Multicultural Center - a whopping $ 15 million. n4 Something, it seems, is
amiss.

    [*413]  In 2000, the federal government unveiled this novel program of tax
credits to reward businesses that invested in and/or operated businesses in "new
markets." n5 These "new markets" were in economically distressed areas in the
United States - areas in which American businesses certainly were not clamoring
to operate. The goal of this new tax program was to stimulate private investment
in rural and urban communities. n6 NMTCs were to provide a market-based approach
for prompting community revitalization n7 and act as an incentive for the
private sector to invest in economically depressed areas. n8

   A current national study revealed that over $ 120 million in retail spending
comes from low-income community members, which accounts for about eight percent
of all U.S. retail spending. n9 However, much of this demand is not being met by
neighborhood retailers, and thus must be met by outside retailers. n10 A 1999
research study performed in the year before the NMTC program was enacted showed
that compared to the rest of Los Angeles, Southern Los Angeles had "65 percent
fewer grocery stores, 40 percent fewer banks and other financial institutions,
and 20 percent fewer clothing stores." n11 Instead  [*414]  of using their
income to reinvest in their own communities, low-income consumers are forced to
flush this cash outside of the community, simply because they do not have retail
options within the community. Among other economic and social benefits, NMTCs
help pave the way for an initial influx of capital to satisfy this demand for
goods and services and, in the process, promote community revitalization by
keeping spending within the local community.

   Once the NMTCs are allocated to individual investors, there are no
performance objectives that the businesses must meet, n12 despite the fact that
the credits are highly competitive. n13 In a few situations, the federal
government may "recapture" or take back the credits if the entities involved
cease performing the basic function of operating in a low-income community. n14
This is not a performance objective as much as it is a criterion the entity must
meet to receive the credits in the first place.

   The purpose of this Comment is to advocate that performance objectives need
to be added to the NMTC code through the form of recapture provisions, as well
as to provide some proposed performance objectives that companies should have to
meet to avoid recapture of the credits. In order to determine which performance
objectives should be added to the code, this comment looks at actual NMTC
developments in Maryland to identify characteristics of "successful" NMTC
developments. Maryland was chosen as a case study because of its high
concentration of NMTC activity. "Successful" developments are those that meet
the program's goals of fighting poverty and blight in low-income communities,
and do not simply benefit private investors. Successful developments not only
[*415]  operate in low-income communities; they actually help low-income
community members as well.

   Essentially, NMTCs put money back into the pockets of investors. Without some
set of performance objectives, investors are free to use the credits in ways
that only benefit themselves, instead of focusing on community economic
revitalization. They are, in essence, free to "take the money and run." n15 In
these cases the NMTC program may be awarding tax credits to ineffective
developments, when directing that otherwise-collected tax revenue into other
anti-poverty programs would be a more effective use of the funds. n16 Having
benchmarks in place ensures these tax credits will go to the entities that put
them to the highest and best use in promoting the social goals of the NMTC
program. In order to meet these proposed benchmarks, the Community Development
Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI) n17 should mandate that entities submit
periodic reports regarding their activities to show whether they are meeting
these benchmarks.

   Part I provides background on the credits - including an explanation of how
they work, the legislative intent behind them, and the economic theories they
are based upon. It also includes a brief background on why Maryland was chosen
as a case study, and describes arguments for and against the use of NMTCs. Part
II offers an argument for why benchmarks are needed for the NMTC program. Part
III outlines proposed benchmarks that should be added through recapture
provisions. These proposed benchmarks are related to: job production; mandatory
reinvestment in the community; social services offerings to low-income people;
affordable housing; increased occupancy of commercial developments and; the sale
of consumer goods.

[*416]

   I. Background of the NMTC Program

 The NMTC program was enacted "to provide an incentive to stimulate investment
in low-income communities." n18 The premise behind the credits was relatively
simple: The government offered NMTCs to get businesses operating in areas that
investors previously had little incentive to even care about, let alone invest
in. The tax credits are a way for companies to reduce their tax liability. n19
This, in theory, would make investing in these underserved markets financially
less risky. n20 To receive the credits, companies must apply for them through
the CDFI. n21 Typical NMTC developments include "small technology firms,
inner-city shopping centers, manufacturers, retail stores and
microentreprenuers." n22 The NMTC developments in Maryland considered in this
Comment include a halfway house, the headquarters for a Latino/immigrant
advocacy group, a life sciences/industrial park, a large
commercial/retail/residence mixed use development, a performing arts theater, a
science lab/office facility, and a retail center.

   President Clinton enacted the NMTC program at a time when the United States
economy was strong. Unemployment was at a three-decade low in American inner
cities, and joblessness in Black and Hispanic communities was the lowest that
had ever been recorded. n23 The Dow Jones Industrial Average had steadily been
climbing for over a decade, n24 and in 2000, poverty rates in the U.S. were the
lowest they had been since 1974. n25 Despite the fact that the economy was
[*417]  strong as a whole, the Clinton Administration voiced concern about the
pockets of poverty that still existed in many American cities. n26 American
corporations had been "leaping at the chance to gamble on developing overseas
markets," but were still very hesitant about investing in underdeveloped markets
on the home front. n27 The NMTC program was modeled in part on the Overseas
Private Investment Corporation, n28 which provides incentives for American
businesses to invest in emerging markets abroad. n29 "I woke up one day and
realized that American businesses could get lower risk to invest in the
developing economies overseas than they could in the developing economy here in
America. And I think that's wrong," President Clinton said in an interview with
Business Week magazine. n30 "What we tried to do is to create at least the same
- if not greater - incentives for American businesses to invest in America than
we give them in developing countries overseas." n31 President Clinton also
stressed the moral value of investing in poor communities. "There is a moral
logic here," he said, "which is that we don't want to go into the 21st century
at an all-time high in prosperity and leaving so many people behind." n32 When
Congress eventually passed the NMTC legislation in December of 2000 n33
(administered under I.R.C. § 45D), it claimed to do so as an attempt to help
equalize the "unequal access to economic opportunities" n34 in distressed
communities in America and to fight "joblessness, poverty and low incomes." n35
Congress also was  [*418]  motivated to take advantage of, and pump capital
into, these "untapped markets." n36

   A. Economic Theory Behind NMTCs

 Access to capital and financial services is key to economic growth in both
advanced and developing economies. n37 These tools help drive business
formation, fuel economic growth, and allow consumers to purchase goods
conveniently. n38 A lack of access to credit hinders growth in economically
depressed communities. n39 NMTCs help provide this much-needed financial capital
to businesses that operate in low-income communities. The theory is the growth
of one new business might start a domino effect of growth and revitalization in
a depressed community, and could be a catalyst for other capital expenditures in
that community. n40 In the article, Can Free Enterprise Cure Urban Ills?: Lost
Opportunities for Business Development in Urban Low-Income Communities Through
the New Market Tax Credit Program, Professor Janet Thompson Jackson argues the
initial capital that NMTCs provide can potentially spawn a large amount of
growth in a community:



   The increased employment opportunities would attract more residents to the
community, which would stimulate housing rehabilitation and development. A
stronger economic and residential base can then exert more pressure for improved
schools, effective transportation, enhanced public safety, health and other
services. As these pieces come together, a once struggling community is
transformed into a healthy urban neighborhood. n41

 Additionally, Jackson notes, the integration of new businesses into a community
can provide disadvantaged youth an opportunity for "initial employment
experiences" and can help promote the idea that  [*419]  community life is
organized around work. n42 This influx of capital and jobs helps "integrate
residents into the mainstream economy as workers and consumers." n43 The growth
of these new businesses brings products and services to traditionally
underserved communities, and also brings jobs n44 and tax revenue. n45 Local
businesses also keep revenue and spending within the community, instead of
funneling it outside of the community. n46 All these factors combine as a result
of a single NMTC allocation and add substantially to the economic vitality of
the local community.

   B. The NMTC Application Process

 Once a business has been selected to receive an NMTC, the credits are
distributed over the course of seven years. n47 In each of the first three years
of the investment, the investor receives an annual credit of five percent of the
initial equity investment. n48 For the final four years of the credit, the
credit is six percent annually of the initial equity investment. n49 Thus, over
the course of seven years, the tax credits combine to create a total tax credit
of thirty-nine percent of the initial equity investment." n50 The credits are
applied on the date of the initial equity investment and on the six subsequent
investment-anniversary dates. n51

   Only Community Development Entities (CDEs) can apply to receive NMTCs, n52
and the CDFI determines which entities do and do  [*420]  not qualify as CDEs.
n53 There are a number of requirements listed in the Internal Revenue Code, but
essentially a CDE has to meet the primary mission of serving or providing
investment capital for low-income communities or low-income people. n54 Once the
CDE is authorized and has received the credit, the CDE can offer the credit to
private investors on the basis of their investment in the CDE or keep the credit
to offset its own tax liability. n55 To qualify as a CDE, the business's
investment must be in a Qualified Low-Income Community (QLIC). n56 A QLIC is a
community that, according to the U.S. Census Tract, meets one of the following
criteria: 1) a poverty rate of at least twenty percent; 2) a location outside a
metropolitan area where the median family income is below eighty percent of the
median statewide family income; or 3) a location in a metropolitan area where
the median family income is below eighty percent of the greater of either the
statewide or metropolitan area median family income. n57 Additionally, residents
of the low-income community served by the CDE must be on its governing or
advisory board. n58

   An investor must file two applications to receive a NMTC n59: an application
to be certified as a CDE, n60 and an application to receive the actual NMTC
allocation. n61 In determining which CDEs will be awarded the credits, the
Department of the Treasury considers seven categories: "1) institutional
investment and community development track record; 2) financial and operational
capacity; 3) capacity, skills  [*421]  and experience of the management team; 4)
market analysis; 5) capitalization strategy; 6) investment strategy; and 7)
projected community development activity and projected impact." n62 On average,
less than twenty-three percent of all applicants receive NMTCs. n63

   Once a CDE has been slotted to receive the NMTC, no specific performance
objectives need to be met. n64 However, the credits may be subject to recapture.
Currently, the credits can be recaptured by the government if any of the
following occur: the recipient fails to qualify as a CDE during the seven year
period; the proceeds of the qualified equity investment are not used in a way
that satisfies the "substantially all" requirement under I.R.C. § 45D(b)(1)(B);
n65 or the investor cashes out during the seven year period. n66 In these
situations the credits will be recaptured with interest. n67

   C. Maryland Developments as a Case Study

 Maryland was chosen for this study because of its prolific use of NMTCs,
especially in relation to its small size. Maryland is the nineteenth most
populous state n68 and the eighth smallest by geographic area, n69 yet it has
received the fifth most NMTC allocations, both dollar for dollar and in number
of allocations, since the program's inception. n70 Also included in the top five
were  [*422]  California, New York and Ohio (three of the most populous states)
and Louisiana (a state that received a large number of allocations as part of
Hurricane Katrina disaster relief efforts). n71 Thus, Maryland is somewhat of an
outlier because it has produced a very large amount of NMTC activity in such a
concentrated area. This seems to be an indicator that entities in Maryland are
doing something right.

   D. Arguments For and Against NMTCs

 While only a handful of law review articles have discussed the topic of NMTCs,
many of them criticize the program. Critics of the program contend that the
credits are too small relative to the need for them. n72 These critics argue
that while the credits are well intentioned, they do not have a major
transformative impact. n73 These critics also claim that the relatively small
tax deductions probably will not spawn massive community revitalization;
instead, rewarding return on investment would be a better tool in prompting
large-scale revitalization. n74 Other scholars question whether the tax credits
are adequately helping the low-income individuals the program is designed to
serve. n75 Critics argue that programs like the NMTCs "primarily benefit private
investors," n76 and not the local communities. Finally, some critics maintain
that targeting a geographical area - as opposed to targeting the specific needs
of residents in that area - does not guarantee economic mobility to low-income
residents through job placements, and also fails to address other issues such as
schools, job training and housing. n77 These critics argue that the latter
factors are  [*423]  key components in attaining long-term economic success. n78
The performance objectives advocated in this Comment provide ways of addressing
these criticisms. n79

   On the other hand, there are many proponents of the NMTC program. Perhaps the
most obvious reason for endorsing the program is that it takes some of the onus
off the public sector in improving communities and gets the private sector
involved in revitalization efforts. Proponents also argue that the private
sector can operate, in many cases, more efficiently than the public sector and
is not as constrained by jurisdictional boundaries. n80 Private companies are
able to conduct business across state, city or county lines in a less
constrained fashion than the public sector.

   The NMTC program has also been lauded because it uses "local knowledge to
leverage nonlocal resources in targeted areas." n81 A partnership with local
community members is required because, under the NMTC code sections, the CDE
must have representation of low-income residents from the community it is
serving on its governing board. n82 This means that investors must work with
local actors and entrepreneurs. These actors and entrepreneurs usually have
established networks in the local community and "understand the community norms
and values and have learned the intricacies of the existing policies, crime
patterns and practices" of their own communities. n83 However, the local actors
and entrepreneurs might not understand or be able to overcome significant social
and institutional factors that hinder community improvement. The NMTC program
addresses this divide by partnering local actors with investors who have such
understanding and ability. n84 Many scholars believe one of the biggest barriers
to asset accumulation for asset-poor individuals is lack of access to tools like
information, technology, and mainstream financial  [*424]  services. n85 This
lack of access to resources that could improve their quality of life ensures
individuals who are asset-poor remain asset poor and perpetuates the cycle of
poverty. n86 The partnership of CDEs with local businesses and actors through
the NMTC program gives asset-poor individuals access to the resources they need
to break the cycle of poverty.

   Finally, proponents of the program argue flexibility is one of its greatest
advantages. n87 Once the credits are allocated, there are no performance
objectives that must be met. n88 Thus, the NMTC program allows local
entrepreneurs to create businesses that uniquely address the specific needs of
their community. However, the absence of performance objectives means investors
who participate in the NMTC program can make business decisions for their own
benefit, rather than for the benefit of the community.

   II. The Need for Benchmarks

 In general, there is a paucity of data quantifying the impact of community
economic development programs like NMTCs. n89 This is not surprising considering
the difficulty of measuring the impact of these types of programs. n90
Economies, on any scale, are complex, and determining the causal chain of
economic changes in any community is extremely difficult. For example, a
positive change in a community - such as an increase in homeownership rates -
could be the result of many factors at work: an influx of affordable housing, a
reduction of crime, or improved schools, among others. Because economic changes
in a given community over time can be the result of  [*425]  hundreds of forces
at work, determining where and how an NMTC development fits into the causal
chain of economic change can be incredibly difficult, time-consuming, and
expensive. An additional difficulty in determining the effectiveness of NMTCs
lies in the fact that their effectiveness may not become apparent for a long
period of time. n91 The scarcity of available data underscores the fact that
entities receiving NMTCs should be required to submit periodic records to the
CDFI.

   Despite the difficulty in quantifying the benefits of programs like the NMTC
program, research related to community economic development programs is
essential for two main reasons. First, programs like the NMTC program depend on
research to be renewed by Congress. n92 A lack of research threatens the
viability of the program because it is reauthorized on a rolling basis. It is
only with hard data that truly informed arguments for the extension of the NMTC
program can be made.

   Second, data - and a critical analysis of this data - are needed to establish
some sort of benchmarking for the program. n93 As Alan Greenspan, former
Chairman of the Federal Reserve stated, "Success of these programs can be
understood only through measurement and critical analysis." n94 Greenspan
advocated for the need to establish some sort of benchmarking in community
economic development programs, despite the complexity in doing so. n95 Greenspan
stated, "In the quest to do good for our society's most-vulnerable populations
and communities ... analysts must embrace the challenge to develop objective and
quantifiable standards for assessing community development programs." n96 The
challenge is to come up with simple benchmarking tools that do not take years to
produce and do not essentially mine for data, which is costly and
time-consuming. Local investors have undoubtedly learned lessons over the years
regarding which strategies work for improving communities through the NMTC
[*426]  program and which ones do not. n97 Their experiences can be learned
from, and should be used to guide the creation of performance objectives. Adding
benchmarks that address the policy concerns regarding NMTCs keeps focus on those
low-income members of our community that President Clinton was concerned with
"leaving ... behind." n98

   As mentioned above, there are currently no performance objectives built into
the NMTC code provisions. n99 Once a CDE has received the tax credits, it does
not need to meet any further specifications and does not need to meet any
economic, social, or public benefit criteria. The CDE only needs to meet certain
basic requirements to avoid recapture of the credits, but these are minimal.
n100 Such a laissez-faire approach to these credits may have been appropriate in
the formative years of the program, but now, eleven years after the program's
enactment, more substantial benchmarking is needed. Some set of mechanisms is
needed to determine which developments are successfully using these federal
funds to achieve the community economic development goals of the NMTC program.
Investors have had ample time to try out methods, work out kinks, and go through
the expected growing pains associated with a new program. Investors should no
longer be given carte blanche, especially when tax revenue is at issue.
Otherwise, the program may be awarding tax credits to ineffective developments,
when directing that otherwise-collected tax revenue into other anti-poverty
programs would be a more effective use of the funds.

   Examples of "inefficient" uses of the funds in Maryland include the
France-Merrick Performing Arts Center (formerly the Hippodrome Performing Arts
Theatre) and the University of Maryland's BioPark, both located in Baltimore.
The France-Merrick Performing Arts Center is a pre-World War I era, 2,250-seat
theater that received a $ 2 million NMTC allocation. n101 The theater is making
some economic  [*427]  impact. n102 However, the theater provides neither retail
options, social services, nor affordable housing. The theater currently employs
only about thirty full-time employees. n103 In addition to the relatively small
number of jobs created by the theater, jobs in a creative field like this may
not be the best for building employable skill sets that translate well into
other fields. While the theater may be having small positive effects on the
community, due to the competitive nature of the credits, there are many other
developments that could serve a low-income community better than a performing
arts theater.

   The University of Maryland's BioPark is another example of an inefficient use
of NMTCs. BioPark is a ten acre, 1.8 million square-foot science lab and office
facility located in twelve different buildings on the University of Maryland's
campus. n104 The development received $ 15 million in NMTCs. n105 BioPark
employs over five hundred people, including Ph.D-level scientists, lab
technicians, clinical healthcare workers, administrative support, and various
professionals in the fields of business development, marketing, and law. n106
The University of Maryland, as a public institution, already receives
substantial government funding, so awarding these highly-in-demand tax credits
intended for private investors to a public institution is not in sync with the
rest of the NMTC program. Additionally, allocating NMTCs to an office and
science park, which provides little meaningful support and few services or jobs
to low-income community members, does not promote the policy goals of the NMTC
program. BioPark also does not provide any retail options to local community
members or provide affordable housing.

   To avoid such inefficient uses of NMTCs, simple and easily identifiable
performance objectives are needed. Congress cannot  [*428]  mandate that
investors undertake the complex process of amassing data, untangling causal
chains of economic change in a community, and providing a complex analysis of
the development's effects. n107 Such a mandate would increase the transaction
costs of using NMTCs dramatically, and may render them inefficient. Instead,
simple benchmarks should be included in the Internal Revenue Code, which
investors would have to meet to avoid recapture of the credits. Simple
benchmarks would make the program more accessible and less costly.

   As mentioned above, there are already three recapture provisions in the
current Internal Revenue Code for NMTCs. The recapture provisions of the Code
should be expanded to allow for recapture of the tax credits if certain
benchmarks, aimed at promoting community development and revitalization goals,
are not met over a five-year time span. These various benchmarks ensure that
community economic development is at the forefront, and that wealthy investors
are not the only ones benefitting from the use of the credits. If NMTC
developments do not meet the criteria laid out in at least two of these
benchmarking categories for a period of five years, the CDFI should (1) take
this into consideration when awarding subsequent NMTCs to that specific CDE, and
(2) force a recapture of the allocated tax credits. The five-year time period
should begin following a two-year "grace period," after the development opens
its doors for business, during which these performance objectives need not be
met. The purpose of this grace period is to allow the business to get on its
feet. Recapture is a stiff penalty, so businesses should be given time to meet
these performance objectives.

   III. Proposed Recapture Performance Objectives

 To retain their NMTCs, investors should be required to meet at least two of the
recapture performance objectives listed below. Overall these benchmarks are
simple, yet provide a much needed system of what Greenspan calls "objective and
quantifiable standards for assessing community economic development programs" in
order to do the most good for "society's most-vulnerable populations and
communities." n108 In doing so, these benchmarks address the  [*429]
overarching criticism of the NMTC program that the tax credits are primarily
serving investors, instead of the low-income community members the credits are
designed to help.

   It is also important to take into consideration the extent to which the
original NMTC development played a role in attracting subsequent developments to
the local community. While this effect is important, it is by and large
extremely difficult to gauge with any objectivity. Adding this factor as a
formal benchmark would call for investors to engage in a much more sophisticated
and complex analysis than should be required. However, to the extent that
investors can prove this effect, it should be taken into account as an optional
factor to offset poor performance in relation to the other proposed performance
objectives. As mentioned previously, the potential "domino effect" articulated
by Janet Thompson Jackson is perhaps one of the most important policy objectives
behind the NMTC program itself, n109 so this factor needs to be taken into
consideration in assessing NMTC developments, despite the difficulty in doing
so.

   Proposed Benchmark #1: Job Production

 The first benchmark relates to job production. To avoid recapture under this
benchmark: (1) new or existing businesses must create a minimum of seventy-five
full-time, low-moderate income jobs; n110 (2) existing businesses that use NMTCs
to expand or renovate their current facilities or to move into new ones must
create thirty percent more full-time, low-moderate income jobs; or (3) new or
existing businesses must create a minimum of 2,000 jobs at any income level.
Low-moderate income jobs will provide local community members with jobs they can
actually vie for, because it is likely that many local community members in
these distressed areas will not be highly educated.

   This benchmark is important because it addresses the criticism that NMTCs
only target specific geographic spaces, instead of targeting specific residents
and providing them with job placement  [*430]  and job training. n111 It also
furthers the policy goals of community economic development by providing
increased employment opportunities, which in turn attracts residents, stimulates
housing rehabilitation and development, and reinforces the idea that community
life is organized around work. n112

   An example of this benchmark being met and far surpassed is East Baltimore
Development Inc., which consists of an 88-acre site in East Baltimore, Maryland.
n113 The development consists of new and rehabilitated housing, retail space,
and a life sciences and technology park. n114 The project contains over 1.7
million square feet of biotech, retail and office space, and provides a K-8
public school and 2,100 units of mixed-income housing units. n115 In addition to
the social benefits of the development, it will create between 4,000 and 6,000
new jobs. n116 This development would thus meet the proposed benchmark of
providing at least 2,000 new jobs at any income level.

   Proposed Benchmark #2: Mandatory Reinvestment in the Community

 The second benchmark relates to reinvestment in the local community. To avoid
recapture, NMTC developments must invest in local community businesses through
their contractual relations. Every business needs to purchase goods and services
to facilitate its day-to-day operations. To meet the performance objectives of
this benchmark, NMTC developments must prove they are purchasing at least $
200,000 or twenty percent of these goods, services and equipment from local
businesses. The majority of a business's large capital start-up expenditures
will accrue during the early years of the company. Thus, the two year grace
period will allow businesses to purchase these expensive and potentially very
specialized items wherever they please.

    [*431]  This benchmark is important because it addresses the criticism that
the NMTCs themselves are too small to make a significant impact on local
communities. This benchmark provides that community investors must indirectly
use NMTCs to keep the local economy active by purchasing local goods and
services. This addresses the criticism that the tax credits are too small to
have a major transformative impact because the NMTC developments, combined with
their spending power if kept in the community, can potentially have a huge
transformative impact. This benchmark furthers the policy objectives of the NMTC
by mandating that a "domino effect" occur as the result of this influx of
capital into the community. This creates a stronger economic base in the
community that can exert more pressure to improve schools, enhance
transportation and public safety, as well as attract more businesses to the
area. n117

   An example of this benchmark being applied and met can be seen in Volunteers
of America's Residential Re-Entry Center and Headquarters Renovation in
Baltimore and Lanham, Maryland, respectively. This company received an $ 11.3
million NMTC allocation to renovate its headquarters facility and relocate its
prisoner re-entry program to a new facility. n118 The company's prisoner
re-entry program offers residents case management services such as housing
assistance, substance abuse counseling, educational programming, and employment
assistance. n119 The demand for these types of programs outweighs the supply in
Maryland, so Volunteers of America's expansion into a new building, which could
accommodate more participants, was greatly needed by the community and state.
n120 In addition to the social benefits, the Center has great economic effects
on its surrounding community as well. Both Volunteers of America's headquarters
building and its Prisoner Re-Entry Center are located in census tracts labeled
as "Severely Distressed." n121 A large part of its positive impact on its
community is through its contractual relations with local businesses. Annually,
the Prisoner Re-Entry Center and  [*432]  Headquarters facility purchases more
than $ 298,000 worth of goods and services from local businesses, and has proven
this through an itemized list of expenditures to local businesses. n122

   Proposed Benchmark #3: Social Services to Low- Income People

 The third benchmark relates to the social impact of these NMTC developments.
Many of the NMTC developments in Maryland provide some sort of social service to
their respective communities, including educational, medical, religious, and
other social programs. Thus, it is important not only to look at the economic
impacts of a NMTC development, as the other benchmarks do, but also to take into
consideration the social benefits a given development provides. To meet this
benchmark, the NMTC development must prove that at least fifty percent of its
educational, medical, religious, or other non-profit services are provided to
low-income community members.

   This benchmark is important because it addresses the criticism that NMTCs do
not combat other social ills in communities - factors that might contribute to a
lower quality of life. Additionally, this benchmark addresses the criticism that
NMTCs do not adequately help the low-income individuals the program is intended
to serve. These social programs focus specifically on helping low-income members
of these communities.

   An example of this benchmark being applied and met can be seen in the CASA
Multicultural Center in Langley Park, Maryland. CASA is the largest advocacy
group for Latinos and immigrants in Maryland, and received $ 7.9 million to
redevelop the historic McCormick-Goodhart Mansion in Langley Park. n123 CASA
works with community members to "improve the quality of life and promote equal
treatment and full access to resources and opportunities for low-income Latinos
and their families." n124 The Center provides educational, vocational,
employment and English as a Second Language (ESL) services. n125 With the new
facility, the Center was able to double the amount of  [*433]  beneficiaries it
serves each year from 3,000 to 6,000, seventy-five percent of whom earn less
than $ 25,000 a year. n126

   Proposed Benchmark #4: Development Includes Affordable Housing Units

 The fourth benchmark relates to affordable housing. This benchmark is rather
straightforward in that it is met as long as the development provides some sort
of affordable housing.

   This benchmark is important because it addresses the criticism that NMTCs are
used mostly for wealthy investors and not the low-income people the credits are
designed to help. Ordinarily, investors would seek to make more money by
offering apartments at market-rate. However, in pursuit of this performance
objective, they would decrease their profits by offering affordable housing
units. This puts more emphasis back on the needs of the low-income community
itself, instead of the investor. Additionally, this benchmark creates a stronger
residential base in the community, the benefits of which Janet Thompson Jackson
articulates above. n127

   An example of this benchmark is Miller's Court in Baltimore. The complex is a
77,000 square-foot mixed-use development designed for teachers' housing. n128
Investors used $ 9.4 million in NMTCs to rehabilitate the H.F. Miller and Sons
Building, a former tin box manufacturing plant built in the early 1900s that sat
vacant since the early 1990s. n129 The development contains forty apartments,
34,000 square feet of office space, and 1,000 square feet of retail space. n130
Ten of the forty apartments would qualify as affordable housing. n131

[*434]

   Proposed Benchmark #5: Commercial Development Lessor Proves Increased
Occupancy

 The fifth proposed benchmark relates to existing commercial developments. Under
this benchmark, a commercial lessor must prove that, due to the use of NMTCs, it
was able to increase the occupancy of a multi-business development over the
course of five years. The business must prove that the occupancy rate over each
year of the five-year period is at least thirty percent higher than the year
before the NMTC was allotted, or has reached a total occupancy of seventy-five
percent of the available space as a result of the NMTC allocation.

   This benchmark is important because as the occupancy of existing commercial
developments increases, so does the potential for more jobs and greater retail
options within the low-income community. By keeping spending within the
community, low-income community members are able to promote the economy of their
own communities, instead of flushing their cash to outside communities.

   An example of this benchmark being applied and met is Belvedere Square, an
existing retail center located in Baltimore, Maryland. The site was originally
constructed in 1984, and in 1992 began to see a decline in occupancy due to a
combination of economic recession, an increase in security costs, and poor
landlord-tenant relations. n132 The current developer applied for an NMTC
allocation in an attempt to rehabilitate the shopping center. n133 The
rehabilitation included improvements to the tenant spaces, new heating systems,
curbs, gutters, landscaping, and a brick crosswalk. n134 Over 28,000 residents
live within a one-mile radius of the development, and the surrounding community
includes a mix of commercial and residential. n135 Prior to the rehabilitation
of the center, the development "was significantly under-leased and contributed
little to the economic activity in the community." n136 However, after the
rehabilitation the NMTCs were able to provide, the center went from thirty
percent to eighty percent  [*435]  occupancy. n137 Belvedere Square now contains
retail and dining options and continues to generate employment opportunities for
area residents. n138

   Proposed Benchmark #6: Development Provides Consumer Goods to Low-Income
Community Members

 The sixth benchmark relates to the sale of consumer goods. n139 This benchmark
is also rather straightforward in that it is met as long as the development is
predominantly used for the sale of consumer goods.

   This benchmark is important because it addresses the current dearth of retail
options in low-income communities. Providing retail options to low-income
community members, especially through community-owned retailers, will help keep
spending within the community. When spending is kept locally, it can add to the
economic vitality of that community. n140

   An example of this benchmark being met and applied in Maryland is Belvedere
Square, outlined in Proposed Benchmark #5.

   Conclusion

 In summary, performance objectives related to community economic development
goals must be added to the NMTC code provisions. Quite simply, the NMTC program
needs measurement and critical analysis incorporated into its framework. These
benchmarks do not limit the flexibility of the program; they simply provide
mechanisms for ensuring the credits are allocated to investors who will use them
in ways that will provide the most impact for society's most vulnerable
populations and communities. Without these mechanisms in place, there is no way
to gauge whether the policy goals of the NMTC are being met, or whether the
credits are being used mostly to benefit wealthy investors. The NMTCs are highly
competitive, which only bolsters the need to have some set of  [*436]
mechanisms in place to determine which entities are putting the credits to the
highest and best use, and which ones are not. Maryland has provided several good
examples of successful NMTC developments. Eleven years after the initial
enactment of the NMTC program, there is no excuse not to learn from these
successful developments, and put those lessons into action through these
performance objectives.

   These proposed benchmarks - related to job production, mandatory reinvestment
in the community, social service offerings to low-income people, affordable
housing, the increased occupancy of commercial developments, and the sale of
consumer goods - are simple enough that they do not create unreasonable hurdles
that investors must overcome. Instead, they simply require a small amount of
recordkeeping. All proposed benchmarks address the original legislative intent
of the NMTC program, which placed a focus on joblessness, poverty, and
low-incomes in these communities. These benchmarks ensure that these poor and
vulnerable populations are not, once again, left behind.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Public Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEmergency ServicesReal Property
LawZoning & Land UseGrowth ControlTax LawState & Local TaxesIncome
TaxIndividuals, Estates & TrustsCredits

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Press Release, CASA de Md., Maryland's Largest Immigrant Organization to
Open New Headquarters as It Celebrates Its 25th Anniversary (June 15, 2010),
available at http://casademaryland.org/index.php?option=com_content&
view=article&id=1288:casa-celebrates-25th-anivversary-with-new-offices&catid=45:
press-release&Itemid=128.





n2.  CASA de Md., Annual Report 2010, at 2 (2010), available at
http://casademaryland.org/index.php?option=com_content
&task=view&id=17&Itemid=36.





n3.  New Markets Tax Credits Portfolio: CASA Multicultural Center, Enterprise
Community Investment, http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/products_and_
services/nmtc-portfolio-CASA.asp (last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n4.  Robbie Whelan, As U of Md., Baltimore Opens Doors to BioPark Building Two,
Work Already Begun on Building Three, Daily Rec. (Balt.), Apr. 1, 2008.





n5.  Mark L. Silow, Tax Credits Allow for Investments in Low-Income Communities
Act Hoped to Increase Interest by $ 15 Billion, Legal Intelligencer (Phila.),
May 29, 2001, at 8.





n6.  Id. Under the NMTC code provisions, an economically depressed or
"low-income community" is one where (1) the poverty rate in that community is at
least twenty percent; (2) the median family income in that area does not exceed
eighty percent of the statewide median family income; or (3) in a metropolitan
area, the median family income in that community does not exceed eighty percent
of the greater of the statewide median family income or the metropolitan area
median family income. I.R.C. § 45D(e)(1) (2006).





n7.  Michael S. Barr, Access to Financial Services in the 21st Century: Five
Opportunities for the Bush Administration and the 107th Congress, 16 Notre Dame
J.L. Ethics & Pub. Pol'y 447, 453 (2002).





n8.  James A. Fellows, Tax Incentives for Investment in Low-Income Communities,
33 Real. Est. L.J. 317, 317 (2004).





n9.  ICIC's State of the Inner City Economies Database, Initiative for a
Competitive Inner City,
http://www.icic.org/site/c.fnJNKPNhFiG/b.5345879/k.6AA2/Inner_
City_Economies/apps/lk/content2.aspx (last visited Jan. 16, 2011).





n10.  Ted M. Handel, The New Market Tax Credit Program, 25 L.A. Law. 13, 13
(2003).





n11.  Id.





n12.  Kristen M. Tluchowski, Update: The New Market Tax Credit and New Market
Venture Capital Companies, 11 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 105, 106
(2001).





n13.  Roughly twenty-three percent of the entities that apply for NMTCs receive
them. Cmty. Dev. Fin. Insts. Fund, Promoting Investment in Distressed
Communities: The New Markets Tax Credit Program iv (2008), available at
http://www.cdfifund.gov/docs/2008/nmtc/CDFI PromotingInvest.pdf [hereinafter
Promoting Investment].





n14.  I.R.C. § 45D(g) (2006). The CDFI will force a recapture of the NMTCs if
(1) the community development entity (CDE) ceases to be qualified as a CDE; (2)
substantially all proceeds of the investment cease to be used for low income
community members; or (3) the CDE redeems the investment. § 45D(g)(3).





n15.  Steve Miller Band, Take the Money and Run (DCC Compact Classics 1976).





n16.  By awarding these tax credits, less tax revenue is generated by the
government. This otherwise collected tax revenue could have been used to fund
other government programs that benefit low-income communities, and thus may make
low-income communities worse off.





n17.  The CDFI is an arm of the Department of the Treasury and is the
administrator of the NMTC program. Handel, supra note 10, at 14.





n18.  Peter M. Fass, The New Market Tax Credit, N.Y. L.J., Oct. 1, 2008, at 3.





n19.  Id.





n20.  As a direct result, the investment becomes less risky to investors because
they have to pay fewer taxes. The goal of the NMTC program is to bring more
economic development to low-income areas, as a result of the lowered risk.





n21.  Handel, supra note 10, at 13.





n22.  Tluchowski, supra note 12, at 105.





n23.  Richard S. Dunham, Clinton's New Markets Initiative: Will Corporate
America Invest at Home?, Bus. Wk., July 2, 1999,
http://www.businessweek.com/bwdaily/dnflash/july1999/nf90702a.htm.





n24.  DJA Basic Chart, Yahoo! Fin., http://finance.yahoo.com/q/bc?s=DJA&t
=my&l=on&z=l&q=l&c= (last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n25.  Historical Poverty Tables, U.S. Census Bureau,
http://www.census.gov/hhes/www/poverty/data/historical/people.html (click on
Table 2: Poverty Status, by Family Relationship, Race, and Hispanic Origin)
(last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n26.  Dunham, supra note 23.





n27.  Id.





n28.  The Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC) "enables U.S. business
to create revenues, jobs and growth opportunities at home and abroad. OPIC helps
secure America's competitive foothold in pivotal developing economics, brings
stability to unstable regions, and paves the way for U.S. private capital to
help solve our world's most urgent challenges." Overview, Overseas Private
Investment Corp., http://www.opic.gov/about-us (last visited Feb. 2, 2011).





n29.  Dunham, supra note 23.





n30.  Id.





n31.  Id.





n32.  Id.





n33.  Silow, supra note 5, at 8.





n34.  H.R. Rep. No. 106-706, at 2 (2000).





n35.  Id.





n36.  Id.





n37.  Barr, supra note 7, at 447.





n38.  Id.





n39.  Id.





n40.  Janet Thompson Jackson, Can Free Enterprise Cure Urban Ills?: Lost
Opportunities for Business Development in Urban Low-Income Communities Through
the New Market Tax Credit Program, 37 U. Mem. L. Rev. 659, 701 (2007).





n41.  Id. at 701-02.





n42.  Id. at 703.





n43.  Id. at 701.





n44.  Jeffrey Robinson, Urban Entrepreneurship: Patterns and Policy, 30 W. New
Eng. L. Rev. 103, 104 (2007).





n45.  Roger M. Groves, More Private Equity, Less Government Subsidy, and More
Tax Efficiency in Urban Revitalization: Modeling Profitable Philanthropy and
Investment Incentives, 8 Fla. St. U. Bus. Rev. 93, 99 (2009).





n46.  See Handel, supra note 10, at 13.





n47.  I.R.C. § 45D(a)(3) (2006).





n48.  § 45D(a)(2)(A).





n49.  § 45D(a)(2)(B).





n50.  § 45D(a)(1).





n51.  § 45D(a)(3).





n52.  Handel, supra note 10, at 14.





n53.  Kenneth Weissenberg & Aninda Dhar, Real Estate Investments Made Sweeter by
Tax Credits, Metropolitan Corp. Couns., Apr. 1, 2010, at 31.





n54.  § 45D(c)(1)(A).





n55.  Jackson, supra note 40, at 696.





n56.  Handel, supra note 10, at 17.





n57.  § 45D(e).





n58.  Under the NMTC code sections, the CDE must maintain "accountability to
residents of low-income communities through their representation on any
governing board of the entity or on any advisory board to the entity." §
45D(c)(1)(B).





n59.  Silow, supra note 5, at 8.





n60.  Id.; see also Cmty. Dev. Fin. Insts. Fund, CDE Certification Application
(2009), available at http://www.cdfifund.gov/docs/certification/CDE/
CDEcertificationApplication.pdf.





n61.  Silow, supra note 5, at 8; see also Cmty. Dev. Fin. Insts. Fund, New
Markets Tax Credit Allocation Application (2010), available at
http://www.cdfifund.gov/docs/nmtc/2010/2010%20NMTC%
20Application%20Final%205%207%2010.pdf.





n62.  Tluchowski, supra note 12, at 109 n.9.





n63.  Promoting Investment, supra note 13.





n64.  Tluchowski, supra note 12, at 106.





n65.  The NMTC code provisions also require that "substantially all" of the cash
raised as a result of the sale of qualified equity investments be used to make
qualified low-income community investments. I.R.C. § 45D(b)(1)(B) (2006). This
"substantially all" test is met if at least eighty-five percent of the aggregate
gross assets of the CDE are invested in qualified low-income community
investments. § 45D(b)(3).





n66.  § 45D(g)(3).





n67.  § 45D(g)(2).





n68.  Resident Population Data, U.S. Census 2010,
http://2010.census.gov/2010census/data/apportionment-dens-text.php (last visited
Jan. 15, 2011).





n69.  U.S. Census Bureau, United States Summary: 2000, at 29 (2000), available
at http://www.census.gov/prod/cen2000/phc3-us-pt1.pdf.





n70.  Searchable Awards Database, U.S. Treasury: CDFI Fund,
http://www.cdfifund.gov/awardees/db/index.asp (under the "Program" tab, select
NMTC; then click "Submit") (last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n71.  Id.





n72.  Matt Fellowes, Making Markets an Asset for the Poor, 1 Harv. L. & Pol'y
Rev. 433, 448 (2007).





n73.  Groves, supra note 45, at 96.





n74.  Id. at 97.





n75.  Sarah Vallim, The New Markets Tax Credit and the Community Economic
Development Movement: A Los Angeles Case Study, 16 J. Affordable Housing &
Community Dev. L. 117, 136 (2007).





n76.  Jennifer Forbes, Using Economic Development Programs as Tools for Urban
Revitalization: A Comparison of Empowerment Zones and New Markets Tax Credits,
2006 U. Ill. L. Rev. 177, 177.





n77.  Id. at 194-95.





n78.  Id. at 195.





n79.  See infra Part III.





n80.  Dimitri Pappas, A New Approach to a Familiar Problem: The New Market Tax
Credit, 10 J. Affordable Housing & Community Dev. L. 323, 329 (2001).





n81.  Robinson, supra note 44, at 113.





n82.  I.R.C. § 45D(c)(1)(B) (2006).





n83.  Robinson, supra note 44, at 113.





n84.  Id. at 115.





n85.  Sarah Molseed, An Ownership Society For All: Community Development
Financial Institutions as the Bridge Between Wealth Inequality and
Asset-Building Policies, 13 Geo. J. on Poverty L. & Pol'y 489, 500 (2006).





n86.  Id.





n87.  Pappas, supra note 80, at 342.





n88.  Tluchowski, supra note 12, at 106.





n89.  Alan Greenspan, Chairman, Fed. Reserve Bd., Remarks at the 2005 National
Community Reinvestment Coalition Conference: Empowering Communities, Attracting
Development Capital, and Creating Opportunities (Mar. 18, 2005) (transcript
available at
http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/speeches/2005/20050318/default.htm).





n90.  Id.





n91.  Id.





n92.  Id.





n93.  Id.





n94.  Id.





n95.  Id.





n96.  Id.





n97.  Id.





n98.  Dunham, supra note 23.





n99.  Tluchowski, supra note 12, at 106.





n100.  See I.R.C. § 45D(g) (2006) (enumerating circumstances under which the
CDFI will force a recapture of the credits).





n101.  Hippodrome Theatre, Baltimore, MD, Nat. Tr. Community Investment Corp.,
http://ntcicfunds.com/projects/hippodrome-theatre-baltimore-md (last visited
Jan. 15, 2011).





n102.  The theater attracted 410,000 patrons in its first year of operations,
and over the course of five years generated $ 18 million in personal income for
its employees and spent $ 26 million on expenditures. Id.





n103.  E-mail from Stella Benkler, Gen. Manager, France-Merrick Performing Arts
Center, to author (Jan. 11, 2011, 15:22 PST) (on file with author).





n104.  BioPark Overview, BioPark, U. of Md., http://www.umbiopark.com/biopark/
(last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n105.  Whelan, supra note 4.





n106.  BioPark Jobs, BioPark, U. of Md.,
http://www.umbiopark.com/biopark/jobs.aspx (last visited Jan 15, 2011).





n107.  It would be difficult to causally relate to the NMTC program effects such
as a decrease in unemployment, increased wages or a decrease in crime in the
area.





n108.  Greenspan, supra note 89.





n109.  See Jackson, supra note 40, at 701.





n110.  Low-moderate income levels vary by city. For a table of income limits,
see Income Limits, U.S. Dept. of Housing and Urb. Dev.,
http://www.huduser.org/portal/datasets/mtsp/mtsp10/HERA_
Income_Limits_Report.pdf (last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n111.  Forbes, supra note 76, at 194-95.





n112.  See Jackson, supra note 40, at 701-02.





n113.  New Markets Tax Credits Portfolio: East Baltimore Development Inc.,
Enterprise Community Investment,
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/products_and_
services/nmtc-portfolio-eastbaltodev.asp (last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n114.  Id.





n115.  Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  See Jackson, supra note 40, at 701-02.





n118.  New Markets Tax Credit Finance Request Package for VOAC Residential
Re-Entry Center, front cover (May 11, 2010) (on file with author).





n119.  Id. at 1.





n120.  See id. at 2.





n121.  Id. at 16-17.





n122.  Id. at 25.





n123.  New Markets Tax Credits Portfolio: CASA Multicultural Center, Enterprise
Community Investment, http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/products_and_
services/nmtc-portfolio-CASA.asp (last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n124.  Id.





n125.  Id.





n126.  Id.





n127.  See Jackson, supra note 40, at 701-02.





n128.  New Markets Tax Credits Portfolio: Miller's Court, Enterprise Community
Investment, http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/products_and_
services/nmtc-portfolio-Miller%27s-Court.asp (last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n129.  Id.





n130.  Id.





n131.  Id.





n132.  New Markets Tax Credits Portfolio: Belvedere Square, Enterprise Community
Investment, http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/products_and_
services/nmtc-portfolio-belvedere.asp (last visited Jan. 15, 2011).





n133.  Id.





n134.  Id.





n135.  Id.





n136.  Id.





n137.  Id.





n138.  Id.





n139.  Consumer goods are "goods that are used or bought for use primarily for
personal, family or household purposes." U.C.C. § 9-102(a)(23) (2000).





n140.  See Jackson, supra note 40, at 701-02.


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       June 9, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

THE SOUTHERN INVASION;
Growing company may play big role in region's progress;
Southwestern England is poised for economic change, business leaders say.

BYLINE: Matthew C. Quinn; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 05D

LENGTH: 756 words


Tiverton, England a The Earl of Arran laments the fact that so many young people
would like to stay in southwestern England but leave because they can't find
jobs.

"Without a vibrant, young work force, this is going to be a sad, tragic area,"
he says as he surveys the hills of his 5,000-acre Devon estate. "We need to
bring in prosperity."

He is among a group of business leaders who are welcoming Southern Co. to this
region known as the South West with open arms, hoping that the
Georgia-to-Bristol connection will yield economic development and jobs.

Southern will be a "huge asset" to the area, said the nobleman, who is active in
South West Enterprise Ltd., a private/public partnership seeking to bring
development to Devon and Cornwall, the most rural counties served by South
Western Electricity. Southern's presence, he said, is bringing "increasing
credibility" to an area that has long been viewed as a backwater.

Sweb's previous management gave scant attention to recruiting new business and
investment to the region of 1.3 million households. That's just not a
traditional role for British utilities.

But Southern promises to transplant its longtime interest in economic
development from the Southeastern United States to the southwest of England.

Refreshing change

"It's a very refreshing change," says Stephen Redfern, president of Westcountry
Television Ltd., which manages a television station in Plymouth at the far
southwestern end of Sweb's territory.

"Businesses tend to follow other businesses. It's the ultimate comfort factor,"
said David Vail, a partner in Grimley, an international real estate consulting
firm. He hopes more U.S. firms are on the way.

In addition, said Richard Dennery, a Louisiana-born public relations executive
who is director of the local British-American Business Council, local businesses
are becoming interested in investing in Georgia.

The Atlanta connection may already be producing results in both directions.

A trade mission to Atlanta is in the works for September. And a Mississippi
transformer manufacturer that contacted Southern Co. about a prospective
European expansion was put in touch with Sweb.

The South West region spans Bristol, Britain's fourth largest city, which has
become part of London's suburban sprawl, and Devon and Cornwall, where sheep and
cows outnumber people. Locals have traditionally viewed themselves as living in
two quite separate regions, much like residents of metro Atlanta and South
Georgia. But Sweb will promote the entire South West as one.

Taking a leaf from Georgia Power Co'.s multimedia Georgia Resource Center in
downtown Atlanta, Sweb's new management is putting together a database and
relocation service for prospects interested in the South West.

The region's big selling points are similar to those offered by Southern's home
base in the Southeastern United States: favorable lifestyle, a well-trained work
force that is not heavily unionized, wide open spaces ripe for development, low
costs and easy access to a huge free trade market, the European Union.

"We're in competition with a lot of Europe," says Mike West, director of inward
investment for Western Development Partnership, an economic development agency
in the Bristol area.

Large employers include British Aerospace, which developed the supersonic
Concorde jet in Bristol, and Rolls-Royce, which manufactures jet engines nearby.

Hewlett-Packard has a $ 100 million research and development facility in
Bristol, and Toshiba recently started exporting televisions from a new Plymouth
plant. English China Clay, the largest producer of kaolin in Georgia, is based
in Cornwall. Bath and Cornwall are among Britain's leading tourist destinations.


Critical moment

Southern moves into the area at a critical time for the local economy.

A modernization has made Bristol's port the fastest growing in Britain.

The Defense Ministry is opening a $ 400 million futuristic procurement center
this year near Bristol that will have 6,800 employees charged with all
purchasing for the British armed services. That will help offset post-Cold War
losses of 16,000 aerospace jobs.

Gale Klappa, Sweb's new chief executive, sees similarities with California of
the 1960s. "We have the same economy of agriculture, tourism, aerospace and
defense employment. The West Country is beginning to attract new, small
high-tech industries," he says. "I believe there will be an attraction for the
South West like there was for California."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Britain's Defense Ministry will open a $ 400 million procurement

 center near fast-growing Bristol, but nearby counties such as Devon and
 Cornwall remain rural. / Sweb
 Photo: Linemen for South Western Electricity install a new power pole
 near Bristol, one of Britain's important ports. / MARC SCHLOSSMAN /
 Special
 Chart: On the Internet
 How to reach Bristol and Sweb on the World Wide Web:
 Virtual Bristol
 For information about the largest city in Sweb's service area:
 http://www.telecall.co.uk/cafe/bristol.html
 South Western Electricity
 Sweb's home page: http://www.rednet.co.uk/sweb/
 Western Development Partnership
 The Bristol area economic development agency:
 http://www.avonibp.co.uk/wdp/

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     May 20, 1997, Tuesday, JOURNAL EDITION

Amphitheater should be privately financed

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 268 words


IT'S ONE THING FOR government to guarantee debt and take financial risk for
projects the private sector won't touch, such as Underground Atlanta in the
inner city or a hotel in a rural area that's being bypassed by development.

But it's another matter altogether when a government in a well- developed area
such as Alpharetta wants to subject taxpayers to financial risk to help a
private developer. If the market is there, the private sector should be fully
willing to take the risk.

That's why we are not enthused about a second attempt by the Alex Cooley/Peter
Conlon concert promoters to get the city of Alpharetta to put its citizens at
risk for a new amphitheater in the northern suburb. We disliked the initial
proposal that the city back $ 17 million in revenue bonds to build the
amphitheater and assume the $ 1.5 million annual payment if the concert
promoters didn't make their payment. And now the promoters are drafting another
plan that would include a sponsor in the project but still leave the city at
risk.

Under the new plan, the city's recently revived development authority would
still float the bonds to build the 19,500-seat amphitheater. Taxpayers'
guarantee would help Cooley and Conlon get a lower interest rate and tax breaks.
The burden would still fall on Alpharetta taxpayers if Cooley and Conlon and
their sponsor failed to ante up. It's not much better than the original plan.

Alpharetta is not a dying inner city or an impoverished rural community. An
amphitheater is probably a sound business investment. And as such, government
should let business do it.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Map: Proposed Amphitheater in relationship to Metro Atlanta and
 surrounding roads / Dale E. Dodson / Staff /

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           August 27, 2008 Wednesday

Poland for boosting trade ties with Pakistan

BYLINE: OUR STAFF REPORTER

LENGTH: 312 words


KARACHI - Ireneusz Makles, Consul General of Poland, has said that it is need of
the hour to accelerate the existing business and trade activities between Poland
and Pakistan and explore further avenues of business and investment
opportunities bilaterally.

He said this during his visit to KCCI. He said that Poland and Pakistan are
enjoying good business relations. He assured to extend all facilities to the
trade delegation of KCCI which is soon expected to visit Poland, under the lead
of Haroon Agar, Vice President, KCCI to accelerate the existing trade & business
relations.

He said that the visit of trade delegation of KCCI to Poland would be more
helpful in expanding trade and commercial ties and further enhance trade
relations in the sectors of textile and leather, rice, surgical instrument,
sports good, oil & gas, mining, chemical, maritime, engineering, heavy machinery
and IT.

He also said that exchange of reciprocal trade delegation would enable both the
countries to learn from each other experiences for exploring new avenues of
trade, business and investment. The Consul General also invited the business
community for investment in land in Poland for development of agricultural
farming and establishing industry.

President KCCI, Shamim Ahmed Shamsi said that Pakistani business and trade
community may join hands in the Coal based power generation sector of Poland as
Pakistan has rich source of coal at Thar and there are ample opportunity of
joint venture and investment between Poland and Pakistan, where opportunities
are available in Poland.

He also described about the event of My Karachi Exhibition arranged by KCCI in
each year since last 5 years and invited participation of Poland in the
forthcoming exhibition in May-June, 2009.

The Consul General expressed his keen interest for Polish participation in My
Karachi Exhibition 2009.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2008 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                            December 2, 1988 Friday

BYLINE: AAP

LENGTH: 477 words


Rates 'could kill off boom' ECONOMISTS yesterday warned that the investment boom
could be stifled by the Federal Government's continuing high interest rate
strategy.

They said that, while the Reserve Bank was justified in lifting rates to cool
the overheated housing sector, this also could kill off the best investment
levels seen since the mining boom of the early 1970s.

The Federal Treasurer, Mr Paul Keating, said official figures showed much-needed
capital imports were up 40.7 per cent in the September quarter compared with the
same quarter a year ago - a "staggeringly large increase".

Yesterday's balance of payments figures for the September quarter showed capital
goods rose 9.6 per cent to $2.16 billion from $1.97 billion in the June quarter
to be 40.7 per cent up on $1.53 billion in the September quarter last year in
seasonally adjusted average 1984-85 prices.

Mr Keating used the figures in Parliament to support his argument that the
recent surge in imports had been primarily due to strong business investment
which in turn should underpin an expansion in industry's export and
import-competing capacity.

On the exports side, Mr Keating also used the figures to support his argument
that farm stocks have been run down, exacerbating the normal seasonal downturn
in rural exports in the first quarter of the financial year.

Rural exports fell 18.8 per cent to $2.58 billion in the September quarter
compared with $3.18 billion in the same quarter a year earlier.

"Contrary to the analysis that exports are flagging, we've simply run out of
stocks to bring to market," he told Parliament.

However, Bank of New Zealand economist Mr John Stroud warned that the government
could "kill off" the best levels of capital expenditure since the mining boom
days of the early 1970s.

He said the timing of any reduction in capital spending would depend on how
dramatic the interest rate increase had been and how permanent the higher
interest rate appeared to be to investors.

He warned that the economy could stop abruptly and could get closer to "stall
speed" than was believed possible. The strategy for the government and the
Reserve Bank should be to keep monetary policy steady for a while.

Schroders Aust Ltd's economist Mr Todd Ritchie said that, overall, Australia's
trade performance once again was pointing to deep economic problems.

"It's not quite a banana republic but it's certainly a form of tropical fruit,"
Mr Ritchie said.

He said the Federal Government faced a policy dilemma between high interest
rates aimed at stemming inflation and seeing high import volumes erode the
country's improved trade performance of the past year.

The fear now by economists is that the government also may have slowed the rate
of structural change necessary to make the manufacturing sector
export-competitive.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             January 9, 2006 Monday
                                 First Edition

All systems go for a perfect lift-off;
Growth ECONOMIC OUTLOOK 2006

BYLINE: David Bassanese

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 664 words


Australia's soft patch of sub-par economic growth is passing, according to
economists surveyed by The Australian Financial Review.

The median response from the 21 economists suggests the growth rate will pick up
to a year average of 2.9 per cent in 2005-06, after growth of only 2.4 per cent
last financial year. Economic growth is expected to strengthen further, to 3.5
per cent, in the 2007 financial year.

The expansion slowed sharply last year after a downturn in the housing sector,
weak rural conditions and capacity constraints affecting mineral exports. The
latest national accounts data show the economy grew by only 0.2 per cent in the
three months to September, which Treasurer Peter Costello conceded was a "slow
start to the [financial] year".

Despite this, economists are backing the government's latest economic forecasts
for this financial year, and are even more confident of growth in 2006-07.

In the mid-year economic and fiscal outlook, released last month, the government
retained its May forecast of 3 per cent growth for the year ending June 30 and
predicted 3 per cent growth next financial year. To meet this year's forecast,
the economy will have to expand at close to a 4 per cent annualised pace over
the final three quarters.

Most economists expect a solid upturn in export volumes will support growth, as
strong business investment in recent years is tipped to bring more mining
capacity on stream.

The business investment upturn is also expected to remain in swing, with
particularly strong growth in non-residential construction in the mining,
commercial property, and infrastructure sectors.

"The key drivers of economic growth over the next year are likely to be business
investment and a pick-up in export volumes," AMP Capital Investors chief
economist Shane Oliver says.

But for economic growth to be maintained, it will also be critical to maintain a
soft landing for the housing sector and consumer spending - as most economists
still expect. Indeed, although the housing sector has turned down over the past
year, the level of demand remains relatively high compared with that of previous
cycles - helped by still-low interest rates, solid immigration and strong growth
in incomes.

If interest rates remain relatively steady, and higher oil prices do not
undermine sentiment, some see a risk of a faster-than-expected bounceback in the
housing sector.

"The main upside risk for growth is a rebound in home construction and prices,
fuelled by increased overseas migration," JP Morgan chief economist Stephen
Walters says. Home lending has been moving higher in recent months, and
home-building approvals rose a stronger-than-expected 3.4 per cent in November.

Another upside risk could be a surprise bounce in exports. TD Securities chief
strategist Stephen Koukoulas says that, "[given] strong global conditions and a
ramping up of capacity, the export rebound could be very powerful, adding to
national income and GDP growth. A stronger export performance could see annual
GDP growth hit 4 per cent during 2006."

That said, one risk to the housing sector is a breakout in inflation, which
would force the Reserve Bank of Australia into more aggressive interest rate
increases.

Macquarie Bank head of economics Richard Gibbs says the emergence "of strong
inflation and wage pressures that necessitate aggressive monetary tightening" is
a high risk.

BIS Shrapnel senior economist Matthew Hassan concurs, noting that labour
shortages and slower productivity growth could result in "more costs passed on
as price rises".

Then there's the risk of another year of export disappointment, either due to a
sudden downturn in the global economy, or continued capacity constraints. Export
competitiveness also remains under pressure because of the high Australian
dollar and strong gains in productivity among developing nations.

ANZ chief economist Saul Eslake concedes that an export volume upturn has been
forecast for several years, but has so far failed to materialise.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: GATHERING STRENGTH. GDP Growth. Source: Datastream, AFR Survey.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                            June 16, 2010 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Plan builds rural future Regional blueprint released

BYLINE: JOHN BRUMBY

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 673 words


Young people are the lifeblood of country Victoria but they need a reason to
stay, writes JOHN BRUMBY

RURAL and regional Victoria has fundamentally changed forever.

Our small towns, regional cities and farming communities have been transformed
with new people, new jobs and new investment.

Confidence is high and country Victorians are very proud of where they live.

The old era of neglect has been replaced by a new era of progress.

None of this happened by chance.

It happened because we made a very conscious decision to restore services,
invest in infrastructure and drive business investment. We actively supported
local projects. We encouraged people to live and work outside of Melbourne. And
we formed lasting partnerships with rural towns and regional cities.

Today, regional Victoria is a stronger, more diverse and more resilient economy
than it was a decade ago. More than 120,000 new jobs have been created and our
regions are contributing $62.6 billion towards the state's economy, up a massive
30 per cent since 1999.

More people and more families are moving to country Victoria, with the latest
figures showing our regional population at 1.45 million -- up 140,000 people
since 2000.

I am very proud of what we have achieved in partnership with rural and regional
communities.

But after a decade of growth, it is time to drive a new era of opportunity and
prosperity.

Regional Victoria's population is expected to reach 1.7 million by 2026, and two
million by 2048.

The blueprint I launched yesterday will help communities accommodate those extra
people.

Population growth is a boon for rural and regional communities.

New residents will expand the workforce for current enterprises and bring skills
and ideas for new enterprises.

Population growth will bring families, services and increased economic activity
in our towns and farming districts.

We will work in partnership with country communities to ensure they reap the
benefits of growth in maintaining our sporting clubs and facilities, planning
new infrastructure and responding to environmental issues shaping our future
such as climate change.

Our blueprint aims to ensure that new residents will add value to and strengthen
country Victoria.

Over the years, we have worked very closely with regional communities to plan
for the future.

We have learnt that each town and each region is different.

But there are some issues which unite them all -- and one of the strongest
themes in our discussions about Ready for Tomorrow was the importance of keeping
young people living and working locally.

Young people are the heart and soul of regional communities. But they need a
reason to stay.

I was delighted to read in the media recently about the success of Boort
Secondary College's 2009 Year 12 students.

This group of young people are succeeding in tertiary study, apprenticeships and
employment -- they are an inspiration for every young person in rural Victoria.
My wife, Rosemary, attended Boort High School. My parents still farm in western
Victoria and my nephews and nieces are returning to work in country Victoria
after study.

We need to make sure that our young people have opportunities in regional
Victoria, whether it's in study, training, employment or making their own mark
as the next generation of farmers.

That's why my Government's Regional Blueprint provides support for young people
in the Tertiary Education Package, the First Farm Grant and the Industry and
Jobs incentives.

In September last year, I was at the opening night of the new Wangaratta
Performing Arts Centre. I vividly recall visiting the site before it was built,
and being convinced we should help fund it. It was a project for the future. A
business to secure the economic prosperity of the town and a place the local
community could use and be proud of.

Today, it is a stunning example of what strong local partnerships can achieve --
and a sign of what lies ahead as we keep working to make regional Victoria an
even better place to live, work, invest and raise a family.

John Brumby is Premier of Victoria

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

PAKSAT-1R to start commercial operations in October

SECTION: Vol. XXXV No. 256

LENGTH: 670  words


Communication satellite, PAKSAT-1R will start its commercial operations in
October 2011 is expected to enhance broadcast and broadband capabilities of the
country.

The Satellite, successfully launched in August this year, will orbit at 23,000
miles above the surface of the earth.

It is a great milestone in the field of Science and Technology for the people of
Pakistan and a big step towards the economic prosperity of the country.

The communication satellite will operate from orbital location of 38 degree east
longitude and will offer C and KU band coverage in over 75 countries across
Europe, Africa, Middle East, South and Central Asia.

It will not only play important role in socio-economic development of the
country but will also provide educational opportunities, better health services,
stimulate private sector business and investment.

Communication satellite will provide telecom operators and government, a cost
effective way to extend essential telecom services to the farthest corners of
the country.

Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of medical
professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries which
often lack communication infrastructure.

Today, communication satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical care,
enhance its quality, provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery.

By enabling physicians to consult with their peers, have access to specialists,
and continue their education, tele-medicine could also increase the number of
physicians located in rural areas.

Giving further details, Secretary SUPARCO Arshad H Siraj said "This satellite
will also help to increase diversity and access to educational programs by
providing opportunities for adult community

education and in-service teacher training".

He said world has now entered a new era called the "Information society".This
era is marked by dramatic technological developments in computers, electronic
media and telecommunications and growing aspects of information in all aspects
of human life.

Access to the information and the facilities, to produce, store and transmit
information is now considered vital to development.

In this race between information needs and new information capabilities,
communication satellites give the ability to compete

and maximize the use of limited resources towards an expanding population.

For Pakistan, satellites are not only a communication tool, rather a unique
opportunity to bring meaningful change in the lives of its citizen.

Realizing the importance of extending the benefits of information revolution to
rural communities, governments the world over are implementing innovative
universal services programs in the areas of communication, health care,
education and governance.

Communication satellites have become an integral part of all such programs
extending their reach to the remotest corners of the would and providing
reliable and cost effective means of extending the benefits of information
revolution to people living in these times.

Replying to a question, Secretary SUPARCO said, "Under the vision 2040 of
Pakistan's Space program, many more satellites will be launched, which will help
to improve socio-economic condition of the country".

As far as launch of spaceship is concerned, he said, no such planning is in
consideration, and focus is to launch more communication satellites.

PAKSAT-1R has a design life of 15 years and will provide TV broadcasting,
Internet and data communication services across South

and Central Asia, Eastern Europe, East Africa and the Far East.

The satellite will now enable the extending of communication services to all
areas of Pakistan.

There are more than 45 clients of PAKSAT-1R, including leading telecom companies
such as Mobilink, and broadcasters such as Geo and ARY.

The PAKSAT-1R weighs 5,115kg and is based on the DongFangHong-4 platform with 18
Ku-band and 12 C-band transponders onboard.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           February 8, 2001, Thursday

THE RATE CUT  ;
INDUSTRY;
Business hails its overdue stimulant

BYLINE: By BIANCA WORDLEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 587 words


INDUSTRY groups have applauded the Reserve Bank's decision to slash interest
rates, saying it will help stimulate growth in the economy.

And they have welcomed the possibility of further cuts expected later this year.

"From the business community's point of view, this decision is well overdue,"
Business SA general manager Kathy Bowden said yesterday.

"The decision to cut rates will have a positive impact on investment in South
Australia."

The rate cut is expected to help drive up consumer spending levels, inject
confidence into the community and encourage a lift in business investment.

SA Manufacturing Investment Advisory Board member Steven Marshall said the cut
was "excellent for the manufacturing sector and the economy as a whole".

"It will put more dollars in people's pockets to spend on manufacturing
products," he said.

"It will also help boost capital investment on plant and equipment."

Mr Marshall said it was a "real bonus, particularly for the small to medium
sector" which was having to cope with the costs of GST compliance.

"It has come at the right time - it's fantastic," he said.

SA Farmers Federation president Dale Perkins said the cut would improve the
rural sector's profitability and provide substantial financial relief. "It could
be said that signs are at last looking up for the rural sector," he said.

Housing Industry Association executive director for SA and NT, Brenton Gardner,
said the cut was necessary to "stimulate new housing activity and provide a
confidence boost, especially among new home buyers".

Mr Gardner said further interest rate cuts would pave the way for a strong
recovery within the next 12 months.

Master Builders Australia's deputy national executive director Wilhelm Harnisch
said although the cut was positive for the building sector it would not lead to
an instant recovery.

He has called on the Reserve Bank to make the next round of interest rate cuts
sooner.

"The challenge for the building industry is to gain momentum for a recovery
against the backdrop of a rapidly slowing domestic economy," he said.

Real Estate Institute of South Australia president Barrie Magain said the latest
move was a "step in the right direction".

"I don't think that this 0.5 per cent drop will result in a stampede of people
looking to buy property but the trend is important for the continued strength of
the market," Mr Magain said.

"The decrease in interest rates will give buyers greater confidence when it
comes to financing their purchases."

WHAT IT MEANS TO YOU

Monthly repayments on a 25-year loan

  Current   New

  8%   7.5%   Savings

$75,000   $579   $554   $25

100,000   772   739   33

125,000   965   924   41

150,000   1158   1108   50

175,000   1351   1293   58

200,000   1544   1478   66

225,000   1736   1663   73

250,000   1929   1847   82

275,000   2122   2032   90

THE MOVERS

Institution    Product    New rate %  Old rate %  Effective

ANZ Bank  Standard variable  7.57    8.07    February 16

Aussie Home Loans  Aussie Home Loan

    Standard variable  7.45    7.95    February 8

Commonwealth

Bank    Complete Home

    Loan    7.57    8.07    February 7

National

Australia Bank  Tailored Home

    Loan    7.56    8.06    February 12

RAMS Home Loans  Better Offset  7.54    8.04    February 12

Westpac    Premium Option

    Home Loan  7.57    8.07    February 14

Source: Cannex

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                         May 29, 1995 Monday 0 Edition

April deficit of $2.4bn expected

BYLINE: LOU CARUANA

LENGTH: 309 words


AN April current account deficit in the balance of payments of $2.4 billion is
expected by economists today as the fall in rural exports and the effect of
higher interest rates take their toll.This week the market will also have to
consider whether figures for building approvals, retail trade, GDP and motor
vehicle registrations point to a slowdown in economic growth.Commonwealth Bank
chief economist Mr Bruce Freeland believes the current account deficit figures
will be affected by nonrural exports and an upward revision to the net income
deficits of the past few months."After averaging growth of 4.5 per cent in the
first three months of 1995, non-rural exports are due for a correction," Mr
Freeland said. "The other thing to look for in the release is revisions to the
previous month's data."We expect significant upward revision to the net income
deficits of the past few months." Commonwealth Bank economists expect a 0.7 per
cent increase in the March-quarter GDP on Wednesday, bringing annual growth to
3.3 per cent.Schroders Australia, on the other hand, expects GDP to rise by a
more modest 0.3 per cent, on the back of weak consumption growth and a fall in
dwelling investment and the pace of inventory accumulation."Growth in the
quarter is expected to be mainly driven by the incomes side of the accounts with
company profits, employment and wages data all indicating strong growth in
wages, salaries and supplements," Mr Freeland said. On the expenditure side,
private consumption, public demand and business investment were expected to
contribute modestly, he said.The annual growth of 3.3 per cent probably
overstated the slowdown in economic activity since the end of 1994."A better
estimate of underlying growth will be provided by the trend numbers, which are
likely to show annual growth of around 4 to 4.5 per cent."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1995 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday

Pakistan: PAKSAT-1R to start commercial operations in October

LENGTH: 703 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 18 -- Communication satellite, PAKSAT-1R will

start its commercial operations in October 2011 is expected to enhance broadcast
and broadband capabilities of the country.

The Satellite, successfully launched in August this year, will orbit at 23,000
miles above the surface of the earth.

It is a great milestone in the field of Science and Technology for the people of
Pakistan and a big step towards the economic prosperity of the country.

The communication satellite will operate from orbital location of 38 degree east
longitude and will offer C and KU band coverage in over 75 countries across
Europe,Africa,Middle East, South and Central Asia.

It will not only play important role in socio-economic development of the
country but will also provide educational opportunities,better health
services,stimulate private sector business and investment.

Communication satellite will provide telecom operators and government, a cost
effective way to extend essential telecom services to the farthest corners of
the country.

Developing countries around the world face an acute shortage of medical
professionals and situation is worst in rural areas of such countries which
often lack communication infrastructure.

Today, communication satellites are being employed the world over, to offer
tele-medicine services in rural communities to improve access to medical
care,enhance its quality,provide earlier diagnosis and treatment and improve the
health care delivery.

By enabling physicians to consult with their peers,have access to
specialists,and continue their education, tele-medicine could also increase the
number of physicians located in rural areas.

Giving further details,Secretary SUPARCO Arshad H Siraj said "This satellite
will also help to increase diversity and access to educational programs by
providing opportunities for adult community

education and in-service teacher training".

He said world has now entered a new era called the "Information society".This
era is marked by dramatic technological developments in computers,electronic
media and telecommunications and growing aspects of information in all aspects
of human life.

Access to the information and the facilities, to produce, store and transmit
information is now considered vital to development.

In this race between information needs and new information
capabilities,communication satellites give the ability to compete

and maximize the use of limited resources towards an expanding population.

For Pakistan,satellites are not only a communication tool,rather a unique
opportunity to bring meaningful change in the lives of its citizen.

Realizing the importance of extending the benefits of information revolution to
rural communities, governments the world over are implementing innovative
universal services programs in the areas of communication,health care,education
and governance.

Communication satellites have become an integral part of all such programs
extending their reach to the remotest corners of the wold and providing reliable
and cost effective means of extending the benefits of information revolution to
people living in these times.

Replying to a question, Secretary SUPARCO said, "Under the vision 2040 of
Pakistan's Space program, many more satellites will be launched, which will help
to improve socio-economic condition of the country".

As far as launch of spaceship is concerned,he said, no such planning is in
consideration, and focus is to launch more communication satellites.

PAKSAT-1R has a design life of 15 years and will provide TV broadcasting,
Internet and data communication services across South

and Central Asia, Eastern Europe, East Africa and the Far East.

The satellite will now enable the extending of communication services to all
areas of Pakistan.

There are more than 45 clients of PAKSAT-1R, including leading telecom companies
such as Mobilink, and broadcasters such as Geo and ARY.

The PAKSAT-1R weighs 5,115kg and is based on the DongFangHong-4 platform with 18
Ku-band and 12 C-band transponders onboar Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Reminder on Farm Business Improvement scheme

LENGTH: 597  words


The deadline of 16th December 2016 for Tier 1 of the Farm Business Investment
Scheme applications is fast approaching and the UFU are urging members
interested in applying to the scheme to take action now to prepare for this.

Past experiences would show that many farmers leave the submission of grant
applications to the last minute with the majority often coming in the last day.

Due to the requirement to obtain a letter from the bank and to complete the
Making it Safer' online assessment, this isn't a sensible approach as potential
applicants need to give themselves time to get these elements organised,
uploaded and sent in.

Some banks will issue letters over the counter, others may take longer therefore
if applying for the scheme, farmers should approach their banks as soon as
possible to ensure they have the letter available to them in time for the
deadline.

While farmers can submit an application in paper, it is advisable to use the
online system if at all possible. Applications will be scored against selection
criteria one of which is online submission; 11 marks are available for those who
submit online therefore it would be much better for applicants to use this
method.   The UFU recognises that in some rural areas access to broadband is
prohibitive however, applicants can use computers in local libraries, DAERA
Direct Offices and Rural Support Network Offices to complete the application
online (staff however will not be able to assist with the actual application).
Another advantage of using the online system is that it will allow all
applications to be assessed quicker therefore potentially speeding up the
issuing of Letters of Offer.

EU funding is only awarded to projects that would not go ahead if funding was
not available therefore applicants must select the not go ahead' option under
the Need for EU Grant Support' section/tab in the online application (question 3
on paper form).

The UFU is encouraging farmers to think carefully about the items they require
before applying to the scheme and to consider the banding' of items.  Farmers
should only apply for items that they intend to purchase and that they really
need.  If an applicant is successful and accepts their Letter of Offer but later
does not purchase all the items applied for, penalties could be imposed and
could also affect future applications to the scheme as per EU rules.  Each item
listed in the scheme has been assessed against core themes for the Rural
Development Programme and banded accordingly with band 1 being the highest.
These bands will be used as a selection criterion and it is important to note
that the lowest band applied for will determine the mark to be awarded against
this criterion.

Within the application process farmers are also asked to rank the potential
benefits that the funding could bring to the farm.  There is a requirement to
complete this section however this section does not affect the scoring of the
application.

Despite the UFU lobbying for fencing to be included in the scheme, the Union is
disappointed that it doesn't go further in that this is limited to permanent
electric fencing, double fencing at boundaries and for sub-dividing an existing
grazing unit and that it falls under band 3.

This however will be useful for some farmers and they should read the
specifications carefully to ensure that they are aware of the required
conditions.

There is lots of useful information and guidance on the DAERA website and the
UFU would advise members to read and consider it all carefully before submitting
applications for this scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Reminder on Farm Business Improvement scheme

LENGTH: 597  words


The deadline of 16th December 2016 for Tier 1 of the Farm Business Investment
Scheme applications is fast approaching and the UFU are urging members
interested in applying to the scheme to take action now to prepare for this.

Past experiences would show that many farmers leave the submission of grant
applications to the last minute with the majority often coming in the last day.

Due to the requirement to obtain a letter from the bank and to complete the
Making it Safer' online assessment, this isn't a sensible approach as potential
applicants need to give themselves time to get these elements organised,
uploaded and sent in.

Some banks will issue letters over the counter, others may take longer therefore
if applying for the scheme, farmers should approach their banks as soon as
possible to ensure they have the letter available to them in time for the
deadline.

While farmers can submit an application in paper, it is advisable to use the
online system if at all possible. Applications will be scored against selection
criteria one of which is online submission; 11 marks are available for those who
submit online therefore it would be much better for applicants to use this
method.   The UFU recognises that in some rural areas access to broadband is
prohibitive however, applicants can use computers in local libraries, DAERA
Direct Offices and Rural Support Network Offices to complete the application
online (staff however will not be able to assist with the actual application).
Another advantage of using the online system is that it will allow all
applications to be assessed quicker therefore potentially speeding up the
issuing of Letters of Offer.

EU funding is only awarded to projects that would not go ahead if funding was
not available therefore applicants must select the not go ahead' option under
the Need for EU Grant Support' section/tab in the online application (question 3
on paper form).

The UFU is encouraging farmers to think carefully about the items they require
before applying to the scheme and to consider the banding' of items.  Farmers
should only apply for items that they intend to purchase and that they really
need.  If an applicant is successful and accepts their Letter of Offer but later
does not purchase all the items applied for, penalties could be imposed and
could also affect future applications to the scheme as per EU rules.  Each item
listed in the scheme has been assessed against core themes for the Rural
Development Programme and banded accordingly with band 1 being the highest.
These bands will be used as a selection criterion and it is important to note
that the lowest band applied for will determine the mark to be awarded against
this criterion.

Within the application process farmers are also asked to rank the potential
benefits that the funding could bring to the farm.  There is a requirement to
complete this section however this section does not affect the scoring of the
application.

Despite the UFU lobbying for fencing to be included in the scheme, the Union is
disappointed that it doesn't go further in that this is limited to permanent
electric fencing, double fencing at boundaries and for sub-dividing an existing
grazing unit and that it falls under band 3.

This however will be useful for some farmers and they should read the
specifications carefully to ensure that they are aware of the required
conditions.

There is lots of useful information and guidance on the DAERA website and the
UFU would advise members to read and consider it all carefully before submitting
applications for this scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           September 14, 2001, Friday

Rural group fears conservation law

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 155 words


QUEENSLAND rural lobby group AgForce fears landholders could be unwittingly
dragged into court by activists under federal conservation legislation.

AgForce president Larry Acton said advice from senior environmental lawyers
confirmed the organisation's worst fears about listings under the Environment
Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act.

"From a business investment perspective the situation is intolerable," he said.

The problem arose in April when the Federal Government listed thousands of
hectares of Queensland bluegrass and brigalow scrub under the Act.

Mr Acton said property owners had no clear guidelines to judge if they were
included.

There was also confusion about whether ploughing or clearing brigalow regrowth
would be classed as having a significant impact on a listed area.

"As a result, landholders face court action from third parties for any perceived
breaches," Mr Acton said.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                                  May 14, 2014
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Unemployment high on the agenda

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 218 words


GIVEN THE haemorrhage of jobs from the county since the economic crisis hit it
will come as no surprise that unemployment is once again top of the agenda with
many voters.

Last month there were a total of 14,098 people signing on the Live Register in
Kerry, Tralee was the hardest hit with 5,828 followed by Listowel with 2,747 and
Killarney with 2,397. Dingle and Kenmare are also experiencing their share of
hardship with 838 and 575 respectively.

The figures make disturbing reading for any election candidate but the truth is
the Live Register figures would be even higher were it not for emigration, which
is so severe in some rural areas that local GAA clubs struggle to field teams.
The most recent census in 2011 showed the decimation of vast swathes of rural
Kerry, and a population crisis that touched virtually every small community in
the county. Among the most stark examples was that of Cloghane in West Kerry
which saw its total population fall by a staggering 93 per cent in the five
years between 2006 and 2011.

Adding to problems in Kerry has been the failure by Government bodies like the
IDA to adequately promote the county for business investment.

Last year there was just one IDAsponsored visit to Kerry by potential investors
and in the first three months of 2014 there was not a single visit.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           January 24, 2007 Wednesday

STOCKMARKET WATCH

SECTION: BUSINESS; MAINLAND MONITOR; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 678 words


For this quarter's Mainland Monitor, we've given our usual broker tipsters a
rest and recruited a couple of wise men to give us their picks of the two likely
performers among the stable of South Island companies, as well as a long shot.

Brian Kreft

Christchurch investment banker

Kreft says he had a good look at the share market before committing himself to
any picks.

"My view is that the market in the last 12 months has been through a lot of
price earning multiple expansion and the rise in share prices as a result hasn't
been matched by a growth in earnings."

The market, Kreft believes, has been lifted by a lot of corporate activity
rather than strong earnings performances and the strong dollar could be a threat
to some stocks.

But when he looks at the companies he regards as the good one, he thinks the
dividends look well covered and quite safe.

So what companies are "good" and who does he think could be a long shot?

Bankers

Pyne Gould Corporation:

Kreft likes PGC's prospects because the outlook for Marac, its finance business,
will remain positive in the coming 12 months. He believes Marac's performance
will offset any negatives in the rural sector, where PGC has some exposure.

"Marac is exceptionally well placed in its own market and that will offset any
other declines within the rural sector," he says.

Hallenstein Glassons:

"Hallenstein Glassons is a company which, in the last two years, has positioned
itself exceptionally well in the marketplace in which it operates," Kreft says.

"It's created a new image and a positiveness about the company that will flow
through to profitability and will offset any seasonal fluctuations."

He sees it as a well run and managed company that hits its target market well.

Long shot

Syft Technologies:

Kreft says he does not have an intimate knowledge of Syft -- which makes a
"super nose" device that can detect tiny quantities of dangerous substances --
but he likes what he sees.

"If the product Syft's got is successful the markets will come to it," he says.

But he also likes the way the company is run.

"It doesn't have the same cash burn rates as a lot of other technology companies
in the South Island ... it's certainly speculative but it's worthy of
consideration."

Disclosures: Brian Kreft's family interests have interests in Pyne Gould
Corporation and Hallenstein Glassons. Kreft is also independent chairman of
sharebroker Hamilton Hindin Greene.

Peter Rae

Christchurch investor and

professional director:

Rae was initially a bit sceptical about making decisions based on parochial
considerations: "We are part of a global economy and people should not make
investment decisions based on parochial matters such as the location of a
company's head office," he said.

But he soon warmed to his task and found some companies he liked.

"It's always interesting to monitor the progress of local companies, and
investors often perceive a closer association with such companies and the people
who direct and manage them." So who does he like?

Bankers

Ebos:

Rae likes Ebos because the health sector supplier is working in a "hot" sector
where there is an almost insatiable demand.

Ebos, he says, has excelled in making bolt-on acquisitions and he sees no reason
why that strategy cannot continue.

He also likes the way Ebos has expanded into the Australian health sector, which
gives the business a strong platform for even more growth.

Ryman Healthcare:

Despite its shares reaching record highs Rae still likes Ryman, the retirement
village specialist.

He says Ryman is an experienced and successful operator in the fast- growing
aged healthcare sector and has a sound acquisition and development strategy.

The company is also a strong property business and he thinks it could be a
potential takeover target for Australian buyers.

Long shot

Rae thinks Ashburton's Loan and Building Society could be worth a look.

It is a small regional player but is expanding and it has strong potential in
the competitive mortgage finance sector.

Disclosure: Peter Rae and his associated companies may hold shares in all these
companies from time to time.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             August 15, 1986 Friday

LENGTH: 483 words


Sirri Island is ready

to resume operation

Norwegian shipping sources say loading is scheduled to resume at Iran's Sirri
Island oil terminal following Iraq's air attack on the terminal earlier this
week.

Oil prices rose sharply after news of the Persian Gulf air raid and the release
of figures by the American Petroleum Institute (API) showing a drop in US crude
oil and petrol inventories.

Traders said the quick resumption of loading at Sirri Island indicated there had
been little damage to loading equipment, but the attack nonetheless sent a
shockwave through the market because, unlike the main Iranian terminal on Kharg
Island, which has been repeatedly blasted by Iraqi bombers, Sirri Island was
regarded as out of Iraqi range.

The API said fuel oil deliveries last month were up 37.7 p.c. on the figure for
the same month last year, reflecting a switch by power utilities from
higher-priced natural gas to oil.

Business investment slumps

June quarter business investment fell by 2.4 p.c. to $2790m in seasonally
adjusted terms compared with the March quarter level of $2860m, the Statistician
said yesterday. The June quarter level, using average 1979-80 prices, was 1 p.c.
below the June quarter 1985 level of $2820m. In current prices, actual business
expenditure rose by 19.4 p.c. in 1985-86 to $19,300m on an unadjusted basis,
compared with the 1984/85 level of $16,200m.

Export scheme details

The Australian Trade Commission (Austrade) this week announced details of the
high technology exporters scheme, designed to improve the export performance of
Australia's high technology sector. At this pilot stage, only companies in which
a Management Investment Company (MIC) or the Australian Industry Development
Corporation have equity can apply for the scheme. This criteria may be dropped
depending on the results of the pilot scheme which is scheduled to run for three
years.

Chia wins Long Corporation

Mr Jack Chia's Sundell Pty Ltd yesterday said it had received acceptances for
92.4 p.c. of takeover target Long Corporation Ltd but did not intend to proceed
to compulsory acquisition of the outstanding shares. The two-for-one share swap
offer, which values the property developer at about $18m, was launched in May,
trumping a rival offer from Barina Corporation Ltd.

Guiness sells BP stake

LONDON, August 14 - Guiness plc said yesterday it had sold all of its 18.8m
shares in British Petroleum Company plc at a net price of 575p ($A14.10) to
broker Salomon Brothers and Hoare Govett in a US-style block trade transaction.

RPT grows to $30m

The WA-based Rural Property Trust yesterday announced the acqusition of a $6m
property at Moree, NSW, lifting the number of properties in the RPT portfolio to
18, with funds under management to almost $30m. RPT recently bought a $6.95m
rural property in WA.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1986 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 30, 1995 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Current account at a peak - or maybe a plateau;
ANOTHER BAD MONTH

BYLINE: ALAN MITCHELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 379 words


DEPENDING on what happens to the economy, the current account deficit is about
at a peak or a plateau.

But if it is a peak, any improvement over the coming months will be largely
because of the slowing economy. The breaking of the drought will help rural
exports.

Falling world interest rates will slow the growth of the net income deficit (the
cost of servicing overseas liabilities).

But there will be no fundamental improvement in Australia's underlying balance
of payments problem until there is a structural increase in the rate of saving.

That, of course, will require the Government to deliver its promise of a
substantial real reduction in its Budget deficit.

Of course, if the economy grows over the coming 12 months at anything like the
rate expected by the Government, there may not even be much improvement in the
headline current account deficit.

A significant further improvement in the price of Australia's exports would be
necessary to bring the current account deficit down.

A further increase in export prices was predicted in the Budget and may still
occur, but the weakness of both the US and Japanese economies has put it in
doubt.

The current account may fall short of the Budget's prediction of $27 billion, as
Mr Keating says. But the deficit is still about 6 per cent of GDP.

If employment keeps growing strongly and consumer spending regains some of its
strength with apparent peak in interest rates, and if the sharp upward revision
in business investment plans shown in last week's capital expenditure figures is
anything to go by, the current account deficit could remain stuck at around 6
per cent of GDP for a while yet.

The most encouraging features of yesterday's balance of payments numbers were
the apparent strength of non-rural exports and, if it is not subsequently
revised away, the unexpectedly low growth of the net income deficit.

In dollar terms, non-rural exports over the past three months are about 10 per
cent up on the December quarter. With the March quarter export price index for
non-rural exports up about 3.5 per cent, it seems that export volumes have
increased.

Particularly encouraging is the strong increase in the value (not seasonally
adjusted) of machinery, transport equipment and other manufactures over the past
three months.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: A LEG UP: The breaking of the drought will help rural exports
Picture: BELINDA PRATTEN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1995 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Inside Today

BYLINE: The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 364  words


Canadians and Afghans in key fight for Kandahar

Canadian and Afghan forces are in the midst of a key battle to secure Kandahar
and to keep the Taliban from taking advantage of a perceived power vacuum just
outside the city. Details, Page A16

Former inmate halts traffic

The shenanigans of an ex-convict trying to avoid a return to prison snarled
traffic for hours yesterday. Yann Bouthillette was nabbed after clambering down
and up apartment balconies. Details, Page A6

One rural mailbox in 3 must go

After two postal workers were killed and 37 injured since 2005, Canada Post is
assessing all 843,000 of the country's rural mailboxes for safety. It estimates
nearly one-third of them will have to go. Details, Page A12

Business

Bombardier scores China deal

Bombardier Inc. shares rose more than six per cent yesterday, after one of its
joint ventures received the largest single order for rail passenger cars in
China's history. Details, Page B1

U.S. economy flexes muscle

Economic growth in the U.S. unexpectedly accelerated in the third quarter as
increases in exports, consumer spending and business investment made up for
another drop in home construction. Details, Page B4

Sports

Lambert regains starting spot

Als lineman Paul Lambert is happy to have regained his starting position on the
offensive line. The seven-year CFL veteran became a non-starter for the first
time in his career in September. Details, Page C1

Broad Street Bullies redux

Lately, it seems the Philadelphia Flyers have been descending back into the
sewer where they lived when they were known as the Broad Street Bullies. But
general managers around the NHL are rising to Philadelphia's defence. Details,
Page C1

Arts & Life

Visit to Canadaville, U.S.A.

Canadaville, a documentary airing on CBC tonight, follows the progress of a
community hastily set up by Canadian billionaire Frank Stronach after Hurricane
Katrina, giving free housing to people left homeless in New Orleans. Details,
Page D1

Boundary-pushing beats

With his innovative barrage of futuristic hip-hop, grime and electro beats,
Ghislain Poirier has earned himself a following here and abroad. His
experimental side can be heard on his new CD. Details, Page D3

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: GORAN TOMASEVIC, REUTERS; Afghan and U.S. soldiers storm a house in a
village in Uruzgan province yesterday. ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           August 27, 2008 Wednesday

Pak-Poland urged to accelerate existing business

LENGTH: 365 words


KARACHI:  Ireneusz Makles, Consul General of Poland said that it is need of the
hour to accelerate the existing business and trade activities between Poland and
Pakistan and explore further avenues of business and investment opportunities
bilaterally, while visiting KCCI at Karachi .

The Consul General of Poland, speaking on the occasion said that Poland and
Pakistan are enjoying good business relations. He assured to extend all
facilities to the trade delegation of KCCI which is soon expected to visit
Poland , under the lead of  Haroon Agar, Vice President, KCCI to accelerate the
existing trade & business relations.

He said that the visit of trade delegation of KCCI to Poland would be more
helpful in expanding trade and commercial ties and further enhance trade
relations in the sectors of textile and leather, rice, surgical instrument,
sports good, oil & gas, mining, chemical, maritime, engineering, heavy machinery
and I.T.

He also said that exchange of reciprocal trade delegation would enable both the
countries to learn from each other experiences for exploring new avenues of
trade, business and investment. The Consul General also invited the business
community for investment in land in Poland for development of agricultural
farming and establishing industry.

Shamsi, President KCCI, speaking on the occasion said that Pakistani business
and trade community may join hands in the Coal based power generation sector of
Poland as Pakistan has rich source of coal at Thar and there are ample
opportunity of joint venture and investment between Poland and Pakistan , where
opportunities are available in Poland . He also described about the event of My
Karachi Exhibition arranged by KCCI in each year since last 5 years and invited
participation of Poland in the forthcoming exhibition in May-June, 2009. The
Consul General expressed his keen interest for Polish participation in My
Karachi Exhibition 2009.

Shamim Ahmed Shamsi, President, KCCI alongwith Mr. Iftikhar Ahmed Sheikh, Senior
Vice President, KCCI Mr. M. Haroon Agar, Vice President, KCCI, Members Managing
Committee and other members of KCCI thanked the Consul General of Poland upon
his visit to KCCI.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                        Copyright 2008 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                 April 6, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Some good news as Budget mainly left farming alone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 431 words


AS THE dust settles on details of the Budget, farm leaders are reflecting on the
likely consequences and effects of George Osborne's tax changes, with modest
relief on fuel duty high on the agenda.

"The cancellation of the fuel duty escalator, accompanied by the 1p cut, will
help the food and farming industries, that are struggling to absorb rising fuel
costs," said NFU president Peter Kendall.

This was a Budget that spoke much about supporting private-sector growth, which
was essential, he said, but it was important that the Government ensured its
focus extended beyond urban and incorporated businesses, and enabled rural firms
to contribute to the drive for growth.

Zones "For instance, Local Enterprise Partnerships, which will play an important
role in the new enterprise zones, must not want for rural representation, and
food production must not be overlooked as new zones are rolled out."

Mr Osborne's commitment to reforming the planning system with a new National
Planning Policy Framework was welcomed by John Mortimer, regional director of
the Country Landowners' Association. "Done well, this will encourage the kind of
development in the countryside necessary to help rural communities survive and
thrive," he said.

It was encouraging that the Chancellor had taken on board a big rise in the cost
of the planning system over the past five years and its excessive bureaucracy.

His promise that all applications, including appeals, would be processed within
a year would "change the economic dynamic" of the planning process.

Catherine Vickery, of specialist rural accountants Old Mill at Shepton Mallet,
said farmers would breathe a sigh of relief after inheritance tax allowances
were left intact. "We were expecting Agricultural Property Relief, particularly
on farmhouses and rented land, to be attacked, but it didn't happen, which was
great news," she said.

Landowners might also benefit from a rise in the limit for Entrepreneur's
Relief, which reduced the capital gains rate to ten per cent on eligible sales
up to £10 million in a lifetime - double the previous limit.

"This is good news for farmers selling land for development," said Mrs Vickery.
Mike Townsend, of Savills' Exeter office, commented: "There's nothing in the
Budget that will alter the course of UK agriculture. The Chancellor referred to
the increase in food prices, but otherwise agriculture didn't get a mention.
"The measures to encourage business and investment are to be welcomed and the
extension of Entrepreneur's Relief might encourage farmers to retire while land
prices are still riding high."

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: COG


                        Copyright 2011 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday

Are pylons the right solution to Auckland's power needs?

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 2166 words


Plans to build a line of giant pylons from Waikato into Auckland have been
racked with controversy.

Final approval to the project has now been granted by the Electricity
Commission. The $683 million proposal could also be fast-tracked by the
Government to ensure it doesn't get bogged down in the resource consent process.

Are pylons the right solution to Auckland's power needs? Here is a selection of
Your Views:

<strong class="commentor_name"> Karl Baldwin

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Auckland should be more proactive in
generating its own power. All new homes should have alternative energy source,
eg solar and better design to make warmer houses etc. All new and existing
commercial buildings should also be made to install solar panels and perhaps
wind generation on the roofs. The Auckland region should have its own wind farm
or at least a few wind turbines within the city limits. A wind turbine is
essentially an urban structure and would have far less effect on an urban
landscape than more pylons in a rural one. Auckland's power supply should not be
at the detriment to the Waikato regions rural landscape (which I know Waipa has
worked hard to protect through its district plan). Perhaps Auckland tax payers
should bite the bullet and pay for the supply to be underground? The supply is
obviously that important. NZ should be seen as a world leader in environmental
technology and be promoting the clean, green image in all respects. The
government should not be seen as following the 'easiest path' when it will
create long term, irreparable harm to a valued rural landscape. Fast tracking
would be a travesty of justice to those people affected by the pylons! </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Peter

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Instead of shipping the power to
business in Auckland, why don't ship the business in Auckland to where the power
is? There are some great communities which are located close to where the power
is generated (e.g. Huntly, Tokoroa) which are crying out for new business
investment. Why not invest in transferring businesses to those communities
rather than investing in pylons? </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Jack

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Oh well... as long as they don't
increase the power charges (which they did a number of times this year), its all
good. We really cannot be dependent on one wire that if it get eaten by possum
or other creature, we are in the dark. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Phil

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Once again big Auckand is over riding
the rest of the country. 95 per cent of Waikato people do not want a bar of this
power proposal. The answer - a nuclear power station at the bottom of Queen
Street. Leave the Waikato alone. In the meantime put a moratorium of future
development in Auckland. Who needs it. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Te Miro resident

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">The whole process stinks of an arrogant
deaf blind government being led by the nose by an uncontrolled SOE. New Zealand
will pay a billion dollars for infrastructure it doesn't need, when that fact
along with health and environmental impacts start hitting the headlines the
current movers and shakers may well be shouting "shame" from the opposition
benches. Commissioner Pinnell will be made chair of the Commission, the other
commissioners will be doing jobs that do not require backbone. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Smitty

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">The pylon is critical if there aren't
to be blackouts. However, the new clean and small nuclear stations would be
better. Or even a nearby coal or gas plant. The Greens are now creating
environmental havoc such as this trail of towers and wires. Windmills are
similar. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Jackie (Auckland)

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Just to set the record straight for all
those who think that stringing a row of massive pylons is going to give them
power! Wake up - this will not provide the power you need - it must be
generated! This is not about not in our backyards either - it's about not in
NZ's backyard. There are much better alternative than having the biggest,
tallest pylons just a few other countries who care not about their environment
and the beauty it beholds. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> DC

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">So Auckland will probably get the big
new pylons they so desperately want/need. What Auckland won't get is any more
power because there is no more power capacity available from the Waikato
generators. Auckland has been sold a crock. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Bruce Rae

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Surely they will be merely seeking a
resource consent - whether they will actually obtain one is surely still to be
decided - otherwise the whole process is a (very expensive) farce. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Pat Jacques

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">We're being 'hoodwinked' yet again!
There are numerous alternatives but the 'mighty Transpower' have their own
agenda and refuse to consider. Just as a wild think big project, has anyone
thought through the possibility of using the natural tides of each side of this
beautiful country to create a perpetual, twice a day, water flow through a canal
creating hydro-power oh so close to Auckland - it's right there, under their
noses - the narrowest section of land in the country. I would be very interested
for a more technical brain than mine to study the cost and consequences. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Colin England

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">As much as I agree that the power lines
should be put under ground there is a slight problem with that if we expect the
SOE to continue running as a profitable enterprise - putting it underground
costs far too much. It would have to be subsidised by the taxpayers and,
apparently, no one wants their taxes to go up so that puts an end to that idea.
People who say we're doing things the third world way in erecting pylons haven't
checked out the rest of the westernised world - they build pylons as well
because it's cheaper. Most of those countries tend to be bigger than NZ so the
lines can go where people aren't. Nuclear power isn't an answer to our power
problems as its running very close to a net energy loss rather than the needed
net energy gain. Throw in the fact that they're only safe if built upon solid
ground (ie no earthquakes) and building one in NZ becomes a non-issue simply
because NZ isn't exactly stable. Some more information on nuclear:
http://nonewnukes.ukrivers.net/starthere.html </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Bruce

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Nice that the government can skip the
potentially lengthy and exhausting resource consent process while the rest of us
are strangled with it. It's this sort of thing that divorces politicians from
the realities of life that they burden us with. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Nobilangelo Ceramalus

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">No, pylons are not the solution.
Transpower sees the problem as one of transmission --getting enough power into
Auckland when needed. It isn't. It's having enough power in Auckland when
needed. Power can be stored. During off-peak hours there is a vast amount of
unused transmission capacity. If that were used to store power at those times it
would be here, ready for peaks. No extra transmission capacity would be needed.
In Germany wind-power is stored as hydrogen (by splitting water), which drives
fuel-cells (hydrogen batteries) at peaks. $683 million would buy a vast number
of such systems, which could be set up all over the city. Any surplus hydrogen
could power vehicles, which would reduce our greenhouse-gas emissions.
Transpower is living in the electrical stone-age, in which power is only
generated in big, central projects and transmitted vast distances, instead of
being generated where it is consumed. $683 million would also put about 225MW of
silicon solar cells on roofs all over the city. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Frank

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">In several instances the Minister of
Energy Hon John Luxton failed to ensure that the provisions of the Energy
Companies Act 1982 were observed when our Elected Electricity Boards were
wrested from the consumers.

The Draft Plan from the Labour appointed Board was supposed to reflect the
wishes of the consumers. How could that happen when by manipulation, no public
consultation was held on the proposal before it was sent to the Minister for his
approval. The goal posts were moved! </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Mark

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Sadly all of the opinions miss the
point. The entire project started as a misconceived irrational choice by
Transpower and subsequently covertly supported by an out of touch and irrational
government. The community, local councils, industry experts and local
politicians have provided mountains of evidence of better alternatives and
demonstration of community wishes. For the constantly confused, the objections
were never about the need for reliable power to Auckland it was always only
about the best environmentally acceptable and safe way of doing it. Regardless,
Transpower and the government will ignore this and get their way out of a
perverted view that they know best and that when it's done we will thank them.
The local National Party members also seem out-gunned by their caucus, so there
is little hope that a change of government will bring a better decision. It's a
disgrace that tens of millions of dollars have been spent in a futile attempt to
convince Transpower that the community wants another solution and is prepared to
pay for it. It's been like arguing with a mad man. So it's without any pleasure
I believe the project will go ahead and it will be a sad time for our
communities, with huge impacts on individual and community quality of life.
</span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Ray E (Whangarei)

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Isn't it about time everyone realised
that there is always going to be a whinger here and there. Face facts, every one
wants electricity, it rules our very lives from home to work and to anywhere
else you can think of. So what's the problem? A few left of left greenies, a few
farmers that won't make this year's rich list. Give some one the right to
complain and that's just what they will do. Forget about the niceties of gaining
consent and just do the damn job. To all you greenies and whingers, if you don't
want visual pollution, find you own means of making power and stay away from the
national grid. I bet you wont last long and maybe that's a good thing for the
rest of New Zealand. Political correctness has become a total pain in the butt.
</span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Kim H (Sydney)

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">Great move, it will ensure the security
of power supply to Auckland. For all the whinging NIMBY's here - why don't you
organise a petition to have them cloaked in green plastic foliage, giving them
the appearance of huge trees? </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Dominic McKinley

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">The solution has been simple and known
to power companies for a long time. DC power, Extend the Cook Straight high
voltage cable from Wellington to Auckland, it's just 3 large wires on a single
pylon that could replace all the pylons running to Auckland. The Cook Straight
cable has been running for decades and carries all the power from the South
Island to the North Island in just one cable. Of courses building the necessary
infrastructure for the DC cable would be higher but once installed would
virtually never need upgrading and would last forever. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Tim (Avondale)

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">I cannot understand why an above ground
option should be considered in this day and age. Surely burying a line would be
a better option for all concerned? Pylons belong in the last century, as
technology has moved on since then. Still, I'm sure this cheap solution was
uppermost in the minds of company directors protecting their share bonus.
Short-sightedness rules again. </span>

<strong class="commentor_name"> Russ

</strong><span class="commentor_comment">No, it is not the best long term
solution, it requires too many wires and too much maintenance it is the least
cost effective of all. If we could have sensible debate on nuclear power, then
this would be the choice, but because we have backed ourselves into the nuclear
free corner we can't go forwards using modern technology. Close the Tiwai Pt
aluminium smelter down, it uses far too much for what we get out of it. How long
do we need to keep relying on hydro. Wind farms would be okay if we could
harness the hot air currents from the Beehive. </span>

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 6, 1999, Tuesday Home Edition

TODAY'S TOPIC: SMALL BUSINESS;
 SBA capital workship to be held May 6

BYLINE: Tammy Joyner, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 712 words

What do Apple Computer, Federal Express, Intel and America Online have in
common?

They all got their start through a little-known federal financing program called
the Small Business Investment Company, part of the Small Business
Administration.

The SBA is sponsoring six one-day SBIC workshops on the capital needs of inner
cities and rural communities, investment frontiers largely underserved by
financial institutions and venture capitalists. The Atlanta workshop will be May
6.

The SBIC workshop is aimed at bankers, venture capitalists and representatives
from community development groups interested in cultivating these new markets.

Over the past 40 years, the SBIC has provided more than $ 20 billion in
financing to small businesses, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs.

SBIC uses public and private money that the SBA supplements. The SBA
supplemental money is a leverage and may be two to three times the amount of
money invested by venture capitalists.

The Atlanta workshop will be at the Hyatt Regency. To register, call 1-800-
734-9496. The deadline is April 22. It costs $ 65.

Athens tax expert will give Senate testimony

Roger Harris, president of Padgett Business Services, an
Athens-based financial reporting and tax consulting service for small
businesses, will appear before the Senate Committee on Small Business on April
12. He will talk about tax filing and reporting burdens small businesses face
throughout the year trying to meet federal regulations. Padgett has done
accounting and taxes solely for small businesses for over 30 years.

The committee wants to know about the number of forms and payments small
businesses have to file annually and the effect of the Internal Revenue
Service's examination and collection procedures on small-business taxpayers.

"I'm very happy to be a part of these hearings," Harris said. "They provide a
way for everyone to understand the huge burden small-business owners face trying
to comply with all the rules and regulations placed on them by the various
government agencies."

The April 12 hearing will be broadcast live at 1 p.m. at www.senate.gov/ sbc/.

Group points out taxing aspect of forms

The National Federation of Independent Business has been blanketing the media
with little-known facts about what small businesses have to contend with to file
taxes. Here's a sampling of the stats:

Since 1981, there have been 11,410 changes in subsections of the tax code.

Between 1955 and 1994, major sections of the tax code were amended 878 times.

There are more than 550 tax forms available on the IRS Web site.

The IRS' easy form, the 1040EZ, comes with 31 pages of fine-print instructions.

Tax rule No. 1: Save those receipts

With the tax filing deadline bearing down, Russ Upton, vice president with the
National Association of Tax Practitioners, has this advice for first-time tax
filers:

Keep receipts. Whether it's for furniture, equipment or parking fees and tolls,
if it was an expense incurred for business, it could be deductible.

Deductible "business-use-of-your-home expenses" may apply to your business. The
total deductible amount is dependent upon the percentage of the home used for
business. Quick formula for figuring that out: the square footage of the portion
of the home used for business divided by the total square footage of the home.
This percentage is then used to calculate the business portion of the expenses
incurred for the home.

Get professional help. Visit www.taxprofessionals.com to find local help.

Keep home and business expenses separate.

Company in Norcross incubator honored

ChemFree Corp., a client of Intelligent Systems Shared Resource Technology
Center in Norcross, was recently named 1999 Incubator Client of the Year. The
company won in the manufacturing category of the National Business Incubation
Association contest. The award was presented at the group's 13th international
conference in Chicago. ChemFree makes and sells a parts-washing system that
reduces environmental damage and cuts health and safety risks to workers.

Intelligent Systems is a private, small business incubator that provides
technology companies with needed support and resources.

e-mail: tjoyner@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                          September 22, 1988 Thursday

LENGTH: 705 words


Economy's 'glo w of confidence' THE Australian economy - buoyed by high
commodity prices, strong manufacturing activity, increased new-business
investment and a booming property market - appears to be one of the world's more
resilient, according to a review recently released by Tasmanian stockbrokers
Shadforths Ltd.

However, the confidence apparent in last month's Federal Budget had been shaken
by July's high balance of payments deficit and, together with hesitancies in
world economies, provided a warning that Australia could not afford to become
complacent.

"When the Federal Treasurer [Mr Paul Keating] brought down his sixth Federal
Budget late last month, it was with a glow of confidence that the economic
stability which has eluded Australia now for almost 15 years was about to
return," Shadforths said in its review entitled The Economy and the Market.

"Mr Keating forecast a fall in the rate of inflation to 4.5 per cent by the
middle of 1989, sustained growth in the economy, strong commodity prices and, to
top it all, a surplus of $5.5 billion in the Commonwealth Budget.

"The complacency of the economy was short-lived with a rise in interest rates
abroad and a dramatic lift in the balance of payments deficit in Australia to
$1.7 billion in July." Shadforths said commodities - vital to Australia's
balance of payments - had been the critical reason for the recovery of
confidence in the economy in 1988 and what, until July, had been an improving
external account.

There were also hesitancies in world economies and particularly a fear that
economic growth could slow, or at least become uneven, in the United States in
the lead-up to the November election.

"However, the realities are that for climatic reasons in North America, this
year's Australian wheat crop should attract buoyant demand and higher prices,
the meat outlook is better than it has been for years, the other rural values
are holding up well and metals in most cases are sharply above prices ruling 12
months ago," Shadforths said.

"Real uncertainties relate to the still-unstated economic approach of Dukakis
and Bush as the two candidates for the US Presidency. The lack of definition
contrasts with that of Ronald Reagan in 1980 in his run-up to presidency which
kindled confidence in financial markets at the time.

"Domestically the uncertainty will remain until the publication of further
monthly trade figures. If the July deficit is repeated, the government and the
monetary authorities could be faced with the alternative of higher interest
rates or a declining dollar.

"In the meantime, the Australian economy looks to be one of the more resilient
in the world, buoyed by the higher commodity price, strong manufacturing
activity, increased new-business investment and a booming property market.

"There must be some uncertainty as to whether inflation can be brought back to
the target 4.5 per cent level, especially if there is to be renewed stress on
the external account. It is also a pity that some means could not be found to
alleviate personal income tax rates which are among the highest in the world."
Despite this uncertainty, the outlook for the Australian corporate sector
remained strong.

Companies across a broad spectrum of industries were reporting sharply higher
profits for the year to June 1988, particularly resources companies, but the
leading industrial companies also were increasing profits and dividends.

"The dividend imputation system can now have a meaningful impact on investors'
returns with the payment of dividends being effectively free of tax," Shadforths
said.

"Yields of 4 per cent and more are available on some of Australia's leading
companies and the benefits of dividend imputation add significantly to the
merits of such stocks in the market as an investment.

"The high level of investment in building and construction activity, and in new
manufacturing capacity, coupled with still-strong commodity prices, augurs well
for the corporate profit outlook for the current 12 months.

"This will be bolstered by the reduction to 39 per cent in the standard
corporate tax rate.

"However, the performance may be somewhat uneven and investment should be
selective."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 28, 1995, Tuesday, Final Edition

TODAY IN CONGRESS

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 871 words


SENATE

Meets at 9 a.m.

Committees:

Appropriations -- 9:30 a.m. Defense subc. FY96 approps. for Dept. of Defense,
focusing on U.S. Army. 138 Dirksen Office Bldg.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m. Foreign operations subc. FY96 approps. for African
humanitarian & refugee programs. 192 DOB.

Armed Services -- 9:30 a.m. Strategic forces subc. FY96 authorizations for Dept.
of Defense, focusing on ballistic missile defense programs. 222 Russell Office
Bldg.

Armed Services -- 2:30 p.m. Acquisition & technology subc. FY96 authorizations
for Dept. of Defense, focusing on defense technology & industrial base policy.
232-A ROB.

Banking, Housing & Urban Affairs -- 2:30 p.m. International finance subc.
Reauth. of Export-Import Bank's tied aid war chest. 538 DOB.

Commerce, Science & Transportation -- 9:30 a.m. Markup pending legislation. 253
ROB.

Energy & Natural Resources -- 9:30 a.m. Nomination of Dan Glickman to be Sec. of
Agriculture. 366 DOB.

Finance -- 9:30 a.m. Enforcement of child support laws. 215 DOB.

Foreign Relations -- 10 a.m. European affairs subc. U.S. assistance to Europe &
newly independent states of former Soviet Union. 419 DOB.

Governmental Affairs -- 9:30 a.m. Oversight of government management & the
District of Columbia subc. Defense Dept. travel costs. 342 DOB.

Judiciary -- 11 a.m. Pending nominations. 226 DOB.

Judiciary -- 2 p.m. Reform of habeas corpus procedures. 226 DOB.

Labor & Human Resources -- 9:30 a.m. Reform of health care liability system. 430
DOB.

HOUSE

Meets at 12:30 p.m.

Committees:

Agriculture -- 2 p.m. Risk management & specialty crops subc. Review of Federal
Crop Insurance Reform Act of '94. 1300 Longworth House Office Bldg.

Appropriations -- 9:30 a.m. Military construction subc. FY96 approps. for base
closure environmental cleanup. B-300 Rayburn House Office Bldg.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m. Energy & water development subc. FY96 approps. for
programs under its jurisdiction. 2362-B RHOB.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m. Foreign operations, export financing & related
programs subc. FY96 approps. for Export Financing Agencies. H-144 Capitol.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m. Interior & related agencies subc. FY96 approps. Dept.
of Energy and conservation. B-308 RHOB.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m. Labor, health & human services, education & related
agencies subc. FY96 approps. for Social Security Administration. 2358 RHOB.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m. VA, HUD & independent agencies subc. FY96 approps. for
National Aeronautics & Space Administration. 2360 RHOB.

Appropriations -- 1 p.m. Agriculture, rural development, FDA & related agencies
subc. FY96 approps. for Food & Drug Administration. 2362-A RHOB.

Appropriations -- 1:30 p.m. Interior & related agencies subc. FY96 approps. for
Indian Health Service. B-308 RHOB.

Appropriations -- 2 p.m. Energy & water development subc. FY96 approps. for
programs under its jurisdiction. 2362-B RHOB.

Appropriations -- 2 p.m. Labor, health & human services, education & related
agencies subc. FY96 approps. for Administration on Children & Families. 2358
RHOB.

Appropriations -- 2:30 p.m. Treasury, postal service & general government subc.
FY96 approps. for Office of Drug Control Policy. B-307 RHOB.

Appropriations -- 4 p.m. FY95 defense supplemental bill conference. Room TBA.

Banking & Financial Services -- 10 a.m. Financial Services Competitiveness Act.
2128 RHOB.

Commerce -- 9:30 a.m. Health & environment subc. State of Medicare & Medicaid.
2123 RHOB.

Economic & Educational Opportunities -- 9 a.m. Employer-Employee relations subc.
Employee Retirement Income Security Act. Employee health-care coverage issues.
2175 RHOB.

Government Reform & Oversight -- 10 a.m. National economic growth, natural
resources & regulatory affairs subc. Regulatory Sunset & Review Act of '95. 2247
RHOB.

Government Reform & Oversight -- 2 p.m. Government management, information &
technology subc. Review of Post-Federal Telecommunications System 2000
Acquisition Program. 2154 RHOB.

National Security -- 10 a.m. Military research & development subc. FY96
authorization for national defense. 2118 RHOB.

National Security -- 1 p.m. Military installations & facilities subc. FY96
national defense authorization requests. 2212 RHOB.

National Security -- 2 p.m. Merchant marine panel. Reauthorizing Panama Canal
Commission & Maritime Administration. 2216 RHOB.

National Security -- 2 p.m. Military personnel subc. Military health care
programs. 2118 RHOB.

Permanent Select Intelligence -- 10 a.m. Closed. Information systems security.
H-405 Cap.

Resources -- 10 a.m. National parks, forests & lands subc. Heritage Area bill.
1324 LHOB.

Small Business -- 10 a.m. Review of Small Business Investment Company program &
Special Small Business Investment Companies. 2359 RHOB.

Standards of Official Conduct -- 2:30 p.m. Closed. Ethics complaint against
Speaker Gingrich. HT-2 Cap.

Transportation & Infrastructure -- 3 p.m. Surface transportation subc. Markup
Establishing a National Highway System, provisions for disposition of Interstate
Commerce Commission motor carrier functions & reauthorizations for natural gas &
hazardous liquid pipeline safety act. 2167 RHOB.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

PNG-NZ hold talks

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 293 words


PAPUA New Guinea and New Zealand will be holding their annual Ministerial
Consultations in Port Moresby this week.

Minister for Foreign Affairs, Rimbink Pato said he is looking forward to
welcoming his New Zealand counterpart, Murray McCully, where a review of
relations will take place including discussions on possible New Zealand business
and investment opportunities in PNG.

In terms of the overall program, the two Ministers will be holding talks on the
formal bilateral Technical and Development Cooperation Treaty as well as the
Double Taxation Avoidance Treaty which was signed last night.

As host, Minister Pato will also be introducing Minister McCully to the Western
Highlands province to view and examine first hand, the agricultural and
sustainable rural energy options and initiatives.

This will be Mr McCully's second Ministerial Consultation visit to PNG and the
Highlands, where NZ Aid has an ongoing successful Fresh Food Produce project.

The New Zealand Foreign Minister is expected to call on both Prime Minister
Peter O'Neill and Opposition Leader Belden Namah and also meet other Ministers
and community leaders.

The PNG-New Zealand consultations has been a regular event on the bilateral
calendar of the two countries whose relationship remains warm, friendly and
constructive since formalizing diplomatic relations soon after PNG's
Independence in 1975.

Mr Pato is looking forward to the meeting on the back of Trade, Commerce and
Industry Minister, Richard Maru's recent successful visit to New Zealand.

He said PNG benefits directly from New Zealand as the recipient of the largest
New Zealand Development Assistance Program (NZ Aid) in the Pacific. This
includes support to rural agricultural development initiatives of the PNG
government.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                            March 24, 1998, Tuesday

NZ Rural Property Trust trims loss

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 14

LENGTH: 173 words


New Zealand Rural Property Trust has reported a $ 1.35 million after-tax loss
for the six months to December 31, $ 4 million better than the same time a year
earlier.

The audited result was contained in a prospectus offering units in the trust.

The improved bottom line was due to lower valuation losses of $ 1.83 million,
compared with downward revaluations of $ 8.3 million a year earlier.

But the trust's operating surplus was down 8 per cent from a year ago at $
824,722. Total revenues were down about 2 per cent at $ 2.44 million.

This month, the trust survived a winding-up petition from about 60 of its 5500
unit holders. The trust has since disclosed it is in talks to acquire forestry
assets.

At balance date, the trust had total assets of $ 75.87 million from $ 77.74
million at June 30. Its Ngaruawahia forest was valued at $ 16 million, from $ 15
million at June 30. Farm properties were worth $ 57.8 million, from $ 59.8
million at June 30. -- NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            June 21, 1989 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

HOW BUSINESS INVESTMENT HAS GONE SOUR ON AUST ECONOMY;
ECONOMIC PERSPECTIVE

BYLINE: Tom Dusevic

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1127 words


REMEMBER when business investment was a "good thing"?

The latest national accounts figures show the economy growing at 5.4 per cent in
the year to March, virtually shrugging off a year of monetary tightening. At the
same time, spending grew by a whopping 11.3 per cent, largely driven by business
investment. In real terms, business expenditure on plant and equipment grew by
25 per cent.

The long-awaited recovery in business investment has been triggered by strong
profit growth, high levels of capacity utilisation and a decline in equipment
prices.

But at the same time this investment has sucked in record levels of imported
goods - the necessary short-term evil of capital stock accumulation. And with
export volumes actually falling over the past year, the surge in import
penetration has torpedoed the current account deficit, which has hit$16 billion
for the first 11 months of the year.

Perhaps the only ray of light in the import surge has been a 50 per cent jump in
capital good (excluding aeroplanes) imports in the year to March.

Monday's balance of payments figures show imports levelling out, with endogenous
imports - imports generated by the strength of the domestic economy- falling to
$178 million a day in May from $186 million last month.

The strongest growth in imports was in plant and equipment, with machinery up 23
per cent and transport equipment up 18 per cent.

Paul Keating has said time and again that this capital expenditure will be used
to build up production, eventually replace imports and also generate much-needed
export income.

In the argot of professional economists, this is referred to as increasing"net
exports". Ultimately, this business investment will correct our balance of
payments woes, we've all been told.

But a number of worrying developments on the investment and import fronts begs
the question of whether this turnaround will ever occur:

* According to economists at the stockbrokers McIntosh Hamson Hoare Govett, the
finance, property and business services sector (whose contribution to future net
export growth must be regarded as fairly limited) accounted for 81 per cent of
the increase in investment spending in 1987-88 and 62 per cent in the first half
of the current financial year.

In contrast, investment spending by the trade-exposed sector slowed or declined
in 1987-88 and in the first half of 1988-89.

In the first six months of this financial year, capital spending fell at an
annual rate of more than 14 per cent.

Using the classification employed by Treasury in the 1987-88 Budget documents,
the share of total investment spending by industries broadly defined as
producing "tradable goods and services" declined over the course of 1988.

Although the possibility that the ABS is wrong in allocating investment spending
in its capital expenditure survey cannot entirely be ruled out, the McIntosh
economists said, "on balance one is forced to conclude that a worrying high
proportion of

the investment spending which has been occurring(and which has been sucking in
imports of capital goods) will not lead to a marked expansion in net exports in
the future".

* While total imports have grown very strongly over the past three years, the
proportion of capital goods has actually fallen.

According to the ABS monthly import figures, imports of capital goods and
industrial transport equipment (plus spare parts and accessories) as a
proportion of total imports fell from almost 29 per cent in 1985-86 to be at
27.2 per cent in the 10 months to April this year.

A reader, Mr Neville Miller, points out that spare parts account for 35 per cent
of imports in the machinery category of the ABS monthly import data. The
percentage of "true" capital good imports has declined from 19.8 per cent in
1985-86 to 18.9 per cent in the 10 months to April.

Mr Miller, in a letter to the editor, states that on average, only 22 per cent
of capital good imports (or 4 per cent of total imports) are directly
attributable to manufacturing industry uses.

* Evidence from private-sector surveys of manufacturing also suggests that the
increased capital expenditure - be it on imports or in domestic plant and
equipment - is not being aimed at increasing production capacity.

Instead, the most predominant reasons given by manufacturers as to why they are
investing is to replace/update machinery, to improve quality and to reduce unit
costs.

Thus, much of the capital expenditure has been "capital deepening", rather than
"capital widening", which means producing a given volume of output at a lower
cost, rather than producing more of it.

As the McIntosh economists say, the "comparatively sluggish" growth in
manufacturing construction investment - and the obvious absence of
new"greenfields" investment - points to capital deepening rather than capital
widening.

* Much has been made of the effect of computer imports on the current account
deficit. Imports of computer equipment made up about one-fifth of the current
account deficit during the calendar year 1988.

In an article, Mr Paul McCarthy of the national accounts branch of the ABS,
concludes that computer equipment imports have made a "relatively small but
consistent" contribution to the current account deficit - on average, accounting
for just over 7 per cent of the increase.

More important, however, the Federal Government has consistently argued that
computer imports are crucial to improve the competitiveness of industry.

Yet, last month, The Australian Financial Review reported that of the $2.9
billion of computers and related equipment imported in 1988 (up almost 40 per
cent on 1987), Australian manufacturing accounted for less than 18 per cent of
the total.

According to the research group IDC Australia, 28 per cent of computers were
used by government, 19 per cent by the finance sector and 16 per cent in
services.

It is hardly surprising, given the interplay of these four factors, that the
performance of Australian industry on the export front has been tardy.

In real terms, both rural and non-rural exports fell in the year to the end of
March. And given that import-penetration levels for all goods (and across the
various sectors) are at record levels, it suggests the economy is failing on
both the export-generating and import-replacing fronts.

If anything, the story highlights the tremendous structural problems that have
beset the post-war Australian economy, particularly its flexibility to respond
to changes in the business cycle.

Again, the cruel reality for the Government is that despite the pending economic
slowdown, business profits and investment remain surprisingly high.

Instead of welcoming business investment, the Government's woes are exacerbated,
as the worsening trade outlook pushes Australia further into the vicious foreign
debt spiral.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: Imports of capital goods and industrial transport equipment, %
of total imports, yearly averages. 82 to 89.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1989 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghampost.co.uk

                      February 21, 2014 Friday 1:44 PM GMT

Counties failing to reap what the Government sows;
Rural areas feel neglected as more central government cash goes to the big
cities and urban areas

BYLINE: By Jonathan Walker

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 816 words


Rural councils are in danger of being neglected as the Government lavishes
attention and funding on the big cities, according to the authorities
themselves.

Attention has tended to focus on the impact of funding cuts in cities such as
Birmingham, which recently announced it was cutting another 1,000 jobs - taking
its total workforce to 14,000 from 21,000 in just four years.

But it's also been the cities and major towns that have received funding from
schemes such as "city deals", which involve central government giving councils
cash or (more often) permission to borrow money, in return for a guarantee that
the funds will be used to help the economy grow.

Rural areas, meanwhile, feel neglected.

And although it's a touchy subject, they are also hoping that the Government
will finally give them what they would see as a fair deal in relation to the
cites - which have traditionally been much better funded.

Cities and urban conurbations have suffered bigger cuts but they also got more
money from Government in the first place.

They would say that they need it, and perhaps they're right but neighbouring
rural authorities point out that they actually deal with many of the same
issues, such as unemployment and deprivation.

The county councils have set out their complaints in a submission to the Commons
Local Government Committee written by the County Councils Network, which
represents Hererfordshire, Shropshire, Staffordshire, Warwickshire and
Worcestershire councils among others.

The committee is looking at "fiscal devolution" - the ways in which local
authorities can be given far more control over their own finances.

But county councils complain that the Government assumes that only major cities
and urban areas - called "city regions" in the fashionable jargon - are capable
of managing their own affairs.

In their submission to the inquiry, the County Councils warn: "County Councils
Network (CNN) member councils believe fiscal devolution is essential to reviving
the national economy and are committed to supporting the recovery.

"However, CNN believe that there is further scope for fiscal devolution in
England, particularly in areas not already benefiting from government policy."

Failing to give the counties a fair shake will mean that parts of the country
miss out as the economy starts to grow again, the counties warn. And it
reinforces an unfairness that already exists, according to the authorities.

"Cities already enjoy greater effective freedoms, flexibilities, growth
incentives and localised Whitehall budgets than their ounty peers. Extending
further powers and funding to cities while excluding counties from the process
could exaggerate this situation to the extent of defining access to
decision-making power by where a voter lives, ignoring local needs and growth
potential."

Country councils were also at pains to stress that they are dealing with issues
of poverty and the challenge of meeting the needs of an aging population, just
like the cities.

The counties called for a range of measures, including:

* Enterprise zones to promote business investment. These are typically areas
with relaxed planning restrictions and tax breaks for new firms

* Allowing councils to keep a portion of additional tax revenue from economic
growth in their area

* Allowing councils to borrow against future tax revenues to pay for schemes to
promote economic development, a scheme known as Tax Increment Financing.

* Giving local authorities more control over skills programmes and schemes
designed to help people into work

* Allowing councils to borrow money by issuing municipal bonds.

Some of these things taking place, but mainly in cities, the counties said.

They complained: "Fiscal devolution has been narrowly focused on the core cities
and city regions.

"Whilst this is not a zero-sum game between cities and counties on who is better
placed to implement fiscal devolution, there continues to be an uncritical
acceptance of the view that groups of authorities serving large urban areas are
more suited to devolution than counties. The County Councils Network strongly
dispute this."

There is no good reason to stop counties taking control over their own affairs -
which would allow councils to play a much bigger role creating jobs, according
to the CCN.

Adrian Hardman, leader of Worcestershire County Council said: "Any devolution of
powers to some areas but not others may create inequalities and disadvantage the
residents of those areas.

"If these powers were to be extended to authorities like Worcestershire then our
residents could be part of any diverse economic recovery and enjoy the benefits
of economic growth and not be disadvantaged because of where they live."

Cities have their own complaints about the gap between government promises of
devolution and the reality.

But the counties have a point. When devolution does happen, they're rarely the
ones to benefit from it.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBP


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 1997 Southern California Interdisciplinary Law
                                    Journal
               Southern California Interdisciplinary Law Journal

                                   Fall, 1997

                          6 S. Cal. Interdis. L.J. 89

LENGTH: 13819 words

ARTICLE: GROWTH FOR THE TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY: TALES FROM BAVARIA AND THE VIENNA
WOODS-COMPARATIVE IMAGES OF URBAN PLANNING IN MUNICH, SALZBURG, VIENNA, AND THE
UNITED STATES

NAME: James A. Kushner *

BIO:



   * Professor of Law, Southwestern University School of Law. Professor Kushner
is the author of Subdivision Law and Growth Management (West 1991 & Supp. 1997).
This Article is based upon the author's participation in a delegation of public
officials, academics, developers, and capital investors, sponsored by the
Property Forum at the University of Southern California. The author is
especially indebted to the work of the Forum's Director, George Lefcoe, The
Florine & Ervin Yoder Professor of Real Estate Law at the Southern California
Law School, who was magnificently instrumental in setting up seminars, tours,
and meetings with government officials, architects, planners, and developers in
the fall of 1993 in Vienna, Salzburg, and Munich. Thanks also to Dr. Utz Purr
for his several scheduled and unscheduled architectural and historical walking
tours of Vienna. Research assistance has been provided by Scott Abramowitz,
Erica Edelman, Michael E. Jacobs, and Randall D. Riley. This Article has been
improved by the thoughtful comments of Mark Cammack, George Lefcoe, Robert Lutz,
and Paul E. Treusch. The author also wishes to acknowledge the research grant
provided by the Southwestern University School of Law and support for this
research provided by its Dean, Leigh H. Taylor. This article is reprinted in
edited form with the permission of The Urban Lawyer.

 TEXT:
 [*89]


   I. INTRODUCTION

 The strategies for managing growth in the coming years are shifting in Europe
as they are in the United States. Global economic recession and slow growth  n1
has generated a shift of growth priorities  [*90]  from the physical toward
emphasis on economic development and stabilizing existing economic activity.  n2

    The experience of both European and American cities teaches that economic
development, job development, and the prevention of job loss are central to
urban survival. The cities of Vienna, Salzburg, and Munich offer three disparate
approaches in addressing those concerns.

    In their approaches, these European cities have addressed urban physical
development in order to assure the infrastructure necessary for growth and
stability, together with the need to make their cities attractive to investment
and tourism as well as liveable.  n3 This Article contrasts the different
approaches of the three cities in their quest for economic growth and compares
similar efforts in developing the physical city, including transportation, open
space, and housing policy, contrasting those policies with urban initiatives in
the United States. A comparison of the different experiences provides valuable
lessons both for European cities and the United States.

   II. ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT POLICY

 Vienna, Salzburg, and Munich are unique when compared to most American towns as
they have developed virtually to the limits of their geographical boundaries.
Each city has reached its agricultural, rural, scenic greenbelt, and political
border limits. Under Austrian and German law, conversion of rural land for urban
development is nearly impossible. This growth strategy does not generate the
American version of urban sprawl and central city de-stabilization caused when
new homes and jobs leave the city for cheaper and more desirable suburban sites
converted from agricultural or open space lands.  n4  [*91]  Instead, growth
calls for redevelopment of sites within the city and a focus on economic
development.  n5

    Although experiencing modest increases in unemployment by American
standards, the three cities are facing similar changes in industrial policy.  n6
Lower wage rates and the less rigorous environmental protection in the newly
independent Eastern European republics attract industrial manufacturing growth
away from Austria and Germany. The relocation of traditional manufacturing jobs
to the east results in systemic unemployment for many former low-skill
manufacturing jobholders.

    Each of the cities is vigorously pursuing the development of high tech, low
pollution, archetypically computer-based service and manufacturing.  n7 Each
seeks to identify itself as the "Silicon Valley" of its region, a reference to
the San Jose, California community that rapidly grew in the 1970s with computer
firms.  n8 The Silicon Valley slowed its growth in the 1980s, perhaps reflecting
the flight of semi-conductor  [*92]  manufacturing from the United States.  n9
Yet, due to its powerful computer giant base, the Silicon Valley appears to be
once again thriving.  n10 Indeed many American communities are in pursuit of the
"high-tech industrial campus" Silicon Valley formula.  n11

    Austria's industrial policy of attracting computer and high tech firms
follows longstanding, forward looking, national policies. This attraction policy
is reflected in a change from low value added products requiring only
traditional low-skill labor to higher value added manufactured products, which
require specialized skills or knowledge.  n12

    Vienna, in addition to enjoying a significant growth in the service sector
of the economy,  n13 has attracted a number of computer and other "high tech"
firms and is currently expanding through the development of two new urban
centers on the Danube. Doneau City ("Danube City") is to be a community composed
of offices, residences, and a commercial center built on the site of the planned
and  [*93]  canceled World Expo. Also under development is a large tract of
similar mixed uses extending the nearby United Nations City ("UNO City").
Adjacent to these two new communities is extensive green space including an
extraordinary 15 kilometer long recreational island in the Danube built as part
of a flood control project and the beautiful recreational water way and grounds
of the upper Danube ("Alta Danube"), which forms the summer water sports center
for Vienna's residents.

    Despite these impressive new in-fill projects, Vienna is seeking to secure
its economic future through capital investment in Eastern Europe. Vienna regards
itself as a hub for such regional interests, a vision closely related to
powerful memories of its leadership under the Hapsburgs (or Habsburgs) during
the Austro-Hungarian Empire.  n14 Austria, due to its historical kinship with
its eastern neighbors, has long pursued a role as a bridge to the East.  n15
This goal has been supported by tax policies favoring the establishment of
holding companies.  n16 Vienna's focus recognizes the high cost of its limited
available land, its high cost of labor and living, and its need for additional
housing.

    Salzburg, although without such an exalted geo-economic view as Vienna, is
nevertheless seeking to augment its tourist-based economy  n17 with high-tech
industrial and service company development. Salzburg's approach focuses on a
marriage between industry and its technical university. Under the "Techno-Z"
(pronounced Techno-Zed) project, industrial parks are being established around
the city to provide incubation for the establishment of new companies. The
project is underwritten by subsidies from the state and federal government with
support by the city in providing development sites. Industrial development is
further supported through the provision of industrial infrastructure and
advanced telecommunications systems,  [*94]  access to the technical
university's super computer, and active participation by the departments,
faculty, and students of the technical university.  n18 Business incubation
programs have proliferated in the United States since the 1980s.  n19

    Ironically, high tech growth in Germany is being stimulated by Silicon
Valley firms  n20 and an aggressive advertising campaign to encourage American
manufacturing plant development in Germany.  n21 Indeed, the European experience
is modeled on the American experience in stimulating research parks.  n22 [*95]

    Although high-tech research parks may appear to be a panacea, successful
research parks actually raise rents in the region, provide few additional job
opportunities for low-skilled members of the workforce, and indeed may cause
industrial gentrification whereby successful parks drive up wages of established
industrial areas with traditional manufacturing firms unable to raise wages,
retain skilled personnel, or remain in business.  n23 Germany and Austria should
be extending educational training and retraining programs at the very time that
European Union ("EU") membership creates pressure to cut back on both taxation
and social programs to remain competitive. Germany and Austria are encouraged to
extend educational training and retraining programs by EU membership,  n24 which
also calls for the harmonization of taxation and social programs.  n25

    Austrian economic development policy includes a tax policy that encourages
investment and provides for direct subsidies in the form of financing
guarantees, direct financing, or state direct participation in development
initiatives as an investor.  n26 Indeed, as of 1990, 32.8% of Austrian firms
were state-owned.  n27

    Austria also has a markedly different attitude towards protecting the
stability of private enterprise from that of the United States.  n28 For
example, Austria has engaged in significant programs to assist failing  [*96]
businesses including direct investment.  n29 Occasionally, in well-publicized
situations such as subsidies for AMTRAC,  n30 loan guarantees to Lockheed,  n31
Chrysler  n32 or New York City,  n33 the federal government has assisted ailing
industry.  n34 Thus, large and influential employers may enjoy unique special
treatment from local government as seen in the case of Detroit displacing
Poletown to accommodate the needs of Cadillac and avoid plant relocation to
another region.  n35 In addition, government-insured loans and modest assistance
for small businesses are available.  n36 But for the most part, America's
capitalistically driven system lets the successful succeed and leaves the not so
successful to fail. Frequently, businesses fail or relocate because of the
marginal inability to make a profit and meet payroll. Costly assessments or
property taxation can encourage business closings. Often communities pay
millions to attract particular business when much more modest programs to assist
in the retention of existing business might be effective in ensuring sustainable
economic growth.  n37 [*97]

    Munich is experiencing a job mismatch in the sense that its unemployment
rate is rising as manufacturing jobs are exchanged for more service and high
tech employment.  n38 It remains to be seen whether Munich will be successful in
attracting manufacturing jobs to match the skill of the unemployed rather than
use its redevelopment projects to attract environmentally superior jobs targeted
for those of higher skill and education. Manufacturing, however, dominates the
German economy, and Germany has actually been criticized for not attracting
enough biotechnology and computer software manufacturers.  n39 Munich and, to a
lesser extent, Vienna face increased unemployment due to rising, albeit modest,
immigration,  n40 the economic readjustment from the conversion to higher-tech
industries, and the loss of traditional manufacturing which is relocating to the
East.

    Munich enjoys a unique position, for as of the fall of 1993 it faced an
unmet demand for industrial sites to accommodate 30,000 jobs. The largest
pending project is the conversion of the former Munich Airport at Riem for
industrial, residential, office, and trade convention facility development.
Munich, due to German membership in the European Union (formerly known as the
common market and the European Economic Union), may be foreclosed from offering
certain subsidies, incentives, or special treatment to lure or pirate the
relocation of activities from within other member nations.  n41 Incubation of
[*98]  new business development, however, appears to be permitted and indeed has
been a significant German economic development strategy.  n42

    University alliance appears to be a part of the necessary infrastructure for
bio-tech and high-tech computer industry development.  n43 While American
cooperation between industry and the university has been slow and the
relationship with government often confrontational or competitive, there are
signs of increased cooperation and participation.  n44 Indeed, the high-tech
American research parks have enjoyed university subsidies and government
subsidies in the form of reduced infrastructure costs and lower property taxes,
with land use policies favoring park development and expansion.  n45 High tech
competitiveness reflects significant public investment in research and
development. The United States should accelerate the coordination of government,
university, and private industry to assure workforce training. As compared to
the United States, Germany and Japan each direct a higher percentage of their
gross national product to nonmilitary research and development.  n46

    Salzburg and the Techno-Z managers eagerly supported EU membership for
Austria to extend its activities internationally. As members of the European
Union,  n47 both Austria  n48 and Germany must  [*99]  follow certain policies
when attempting to promote economic development.  n49 The EC Treaty, in Articles
85 and 86, prohibits activities by firms that would constitute classic antitrust
violations such as monopolization.  n50 Article 90 prohibits states from
interfering in the normal workings of competition.  n51 Article 92 further
disallows such anticompetitive activity yet allows certain subsidies or state
aids.  n52 The Court  [*100]  of Justice of the European Communities, applying
Article 92, upheld subsidies from the Netherlands to an ailing cardboard box
manufacturing firm.  n53 The treaty would appear to support incubation
activities by encouraging states and requiring the Community to subsidize
research and technological development.  n54 Both Munich and Salzburg have
embraced these theories of economic development in the development of the
Techno-Z and the Munich Airport at Riem's conversion to industrial, residential,
office, and trade convention facility use. In addition to being arguably
consistent with the vague EU treaty articles, as members to The General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade ("GATT"), Austria and Germany must follow those
rules as well.  n55 The most important provisions of GATT are Article VI-
[*101]  Antidumping and Countervailing Duties, Article XVI-Subsidies,  n56 and
the Agreements on Subsidies and Countervailing Duties, known as the Uruguay
Round Agreements.  n57 Under the Uruguay Round Agreements covering subsidies,
GATT appears most concerned with imports and subsidies providing a competitive
advantage.  n58 While the agreements authorize research and development
subsidies, which incubation might fall under, at worst they fall in the realm of
subsidies actionable if they generate a serious adverse effect on other member
nations. Nevertheless, the general types of companies benefitting from Techno-Z
are not exporters, presenting at worst purely hypothetical concerns, unaffected
by GATT. The extension of Techno-Z is sought despite any ostensible conflict
between EU law and the type of local subsidization for industrial incubation
practiced in Austria.  n59  [*102]  Incentives supporting the incubation of new
enterprises as compared to practices designed to pirate the firms of other union
members would appear consistent with EU law.

    Under GATT, as under the EU treaty, incubation subsidies may well, to some
modest degree, affect international trade and competition, but they arguably do
not have the effect of displacing or impeding imports under rules apparently
directed at classic antitrust-type monopolization activities.  n60

    Each combination of strategies employed by the three cities may be adaptable
by American cities. Current more general European economic successes may reflect
the stability of its infrastructure, communities, and workforce.

    A central problem with economic development strategies is assuring an
adequately trained workforce. The United States suffers from a declining
educational system, one which continues to generate qualified university-bound
students but fails to prepare a workforce for the demands of tomorrow's economic
needs. The United States would do well to study the German apprenticeship
programs for an example of cooperation between the schools and industry.  n61
The negative effect on the community from the lack of education and employment
opportunities marks American cities. America's growing "underclass" of
undereducated and unemployed threatens economic stability, generating the
specter of widespread poverty and escalating demand for ever-higher levels of
tax-supported programs and transfer payments funded by a workforce that
perceives its tax burden to be too heavy and unfair. Minority groups comprised
of a high percentage of the poor are disproportionately affected and suffer even
more than the racial majority because, to the extent that housing and
neighborhoods are segregated by both race and class, minority group members face
the effects of poverty in neighborhoods without economic  [*103]  opportunity.
n62 The problems are typically aggravated for those neighborhoods because they
are the target of public service cutbacks which have the identical effect as the
impact of economic recession.  n63

    If European and American cities are ultimately headed for decline, American
cities can provide a lesson for Europe.  n64 European cities appear to be going
in the right direction for managed sustainable growth in the next century.
Austria's greatest challenge may be from within, from the radical right as Jorg
Haider seeks to lead the rise of the "Third Republic."  n65 The divisiveness of
a popular campaign driven by ethnocentric policies of hate may prove destructive
to Austria's economic development plan and as well its burgeoning tourist
industry. Austria must also adjust to limited economic growth, rising,  [*104]
albeit modest, unemployment, and demands for increasing social benefits for an
aging population.  n66 German reunification, although generating criticism from
the left based on the fear of heightened nationalism, has yet to produce more
than expanding capitalism.  n67

    While many American cities have pursued the various tax and other
development incentives employed by their European counterparts, the target of
economic development has rarely been toward the central city.  n68 Instead, new
commercial and industrial development generally occurs either in the outer
suburban ring of urban centers or toward exurban or rural research or industrial
parks. Critics of urban competition to lure relocating employers cite expensive
incentives reflecting capital investment diverted from renewing infrastructure
essential for community stability and economic development.  n69 In addition,
communities often fail to contractually require accountability by enticed
employers to assure that promises are kept and value received for expensive
subsidies and other development incentives.  n70 Although articulated economic
development policy, as reflected in direct federal subsidies in the United
States, appears to be largely targeted at urban revitalization,  n71 the effect
of tax and spending programs is to redirect economic activity to the suburbs and
rural areas.  n72 Moreover, the incentives have been challenged for their
ineffectiveness.  n73 Despite the need for education and human and employment
development and training, Republican-influenced spending schemes  [*105]  place
little value on human development.  n74 Instead, urban redevelopment and
revitalization programs tend to be capital based, with programs generating
structures that are too often useless. If the new U.S. policies to promote
sustainable economic growth do not work or are abandoned, then American cities
will probably continue their current trends of disintegration.  n75

    Although American tax laws provide certain investment incentives in the form
of tax credits,  n76 depreciation,  n77 depletion  [*106]  allowances,  n78 and
deductions,  n79 the laws often tend to benefit certain interests while being
insensitive to others.  n80 [*107]

    Local and state budgets tend to be haphazard but may include access to below
market rate bond lending or local waivers of development fees or costs.
Occasionally, as in the case of certain redevelopment projects, the public
sector provides infrastructure such as roads, utilities, and sidewalks to serve
the project. Lower suburban or rural taxation levels, more affordable insurance
premiums, and superior transportation access also play a role in suburban site
selection resulting in urban disinvestment. But apart from these incentives,
communities are likely to be seen as hostile both to new development and
existing employers except where communities are engaged in pirating employers
from other regions, scrambling to retain an employer considering emigration to
another region, or engaged in a unique project. Although the pirating or
poaching of industry is prohibited under some federal programs,  n81 like the EU
experience, incubation-oriented projects would appear to enjoy legal sanction.

    Enterprise and empowerment zones, providing lowered taxes to encourage
investment in new business initiatives,  n82 have not yet  [*108]  proven to
contribute to an increase in overall employment investment.  n83 Enterprise
zones may simply re-target economic activity to attain program benefits rather
than generate new economic activity. The American labor market, marked by high
unemployment, poor education and training, and high levels of racial
discrimination tends to inhibit investment.  n84 Despite the modest enterprise
zone initiatives, local communities anticipate a reduction in federal aid for
community development and economic development as the budgetary process and HUD
reorganization or elimination proposals are generated following the Republican
congressional takeover of 1994.  n85

   III. TRAFFIC AND PEDESTRIANS

 Although clearly tied to an economic development strategy, Vienna, Salzburg,
and Munich each recently have embarked on planning strategies looking to
traditional physical planning. The planning initiatives include traffic and
development policies seeking to make the central city more attractive for retail
sales and recreation. Each of the three cities has successfully created
extensive automobile-free pedestrian zones. These areas range from complex
labyrinthine arcades and alleys in Munich and Salzburg, to permanent plazas in
Munich and Vienna patterned on the Old City squares in Salzburg, to  [*109]  the
erection of simple barriers in Munich to exclude trucks, cars, and buses, while
converting streets to cafe sites and pedestrian zones.  n86

    Salzburg and Munich, despite tourist and retail success through
pedestrianization, have not succeeded in establishing any significant night-life
in their city centers other than the Munich beer hall culture that previously
existed and a proliferation of upscale expense account restaurants and eateries
associated with beer drinking. Salzburg's historic city center generally shuts
down early in the evening, and the streets are empty and eerie late at night.
Salzburg's success was supported by progressive historic preservation  n87 as
well as redevelopment policies.

    Nevertheless, the downtowns of German cities have remained vital and stable
from the increase in pedestrians and their concomitant rise in retail sales.
n88 Interestingly, the establishment of pedestrian malls was opposed by
shopkeepers.  n89 Areas adjacent to pedestrian zones often experience a
back-to-the-city movement enhancing stability but may face problems of increased
traffic, parking, and displacement of those of low and moderate income housing.
n90

    By comparison, Vienna's planning experiment has been a huge success, with
the city center populated by tourists as well as residents very late into the
evening, without a quiet evening in the week. Night clubs, bars, cafes,
restaurants, and coffee houses have proliferated, each catering to a different
crowd. There are even traditional coffee houses filled with intellectuals,
artists, bohemians and Viennese who like to rub shoulders with them, and those
who simply enjoy reading daily newspapers or playing a game of chess. In
addition, there is a lively street life with musicians, young people, and
tourists enjoying themselves. The reason for Vienna's triumph and Salzburg and
[*110]  Munich's partial success is not obvious.  n91 Indeed public officials,
planners, and architects in Vienna profess wonderment at the city's
transformation from the quiet burgh of a decade ago. The juxtaposition of Hans
Hollein's ultra-modern Haas Building across from St. Stephen's Cathedral on the
square with the Ring's grand historicist monuments of the imperial period has
changed Vienna's image to one of a city looking toward a glittering future and
unafraid to demonstrate that optimism in architecture.  n92 Vienna's planned
Danube City will completely exclude automobiles from the surface, with all
streets, transit, and parking at the subterranean level.  n93

    It appears that several factors may have contributed to the results in each
of the cities. Munich's emphasis on shops and its rigid laws regulating the
hours of public accommodations has restricted its success.  n94 In addition,
Munich and Salzburg are dispersed communities with night clubs and popular
evening recreation establishments located away from the historic districts. By
comparison, Vienna appears to enjoy several factors contributing to its central
city success: first, the central historic district is very large, suggesting
more economic rents and enjoying the benefits and attraction power of a
multitude of entertainment opportunities. The cumulative effect creates a kind
of critical mass of activity not unlike the success of shopping  [*111]  malls
containing numerous competitors. Second, Vienna's rigid zoning has precluded the
development of a broad pattern of neighborhood pubs and restaurants; some
popular clubs are located outside the city centers, each often popular on but
one night of the week. Third, Vienna enjoys a superb public transit system
enabling the typical non-automobile operating public to get around town. Most
Viennese own a transit pass purchased for a few hundred dollars a year; the
average Viennese uses public transit 600 times a year.  n95 Finally, although
Austrians criticize Germans as being excessively orderly, my observations
disclose a much higher level of order and obedience to law in Vienna than, for
example, Munich. Pedestrians typically wait for green lights, traffic or not,
and drivers meticulously obey traffic laws and give the right-away to
pedestrians and bicyclists. Even graffiti in Vienna is limited to a few forums
permitted or ignored by local government, such as along the lower path of the
Danube Canal. It is easier to find a Benetton store than litter in Vienna. One
evening at 1:00 a.m. in the morning after leaving a coffee house, I heard the
familiar sound of breaking glass. But when I found the source, rather than
street hooligans, it was a cleaning crew sweeping a square and emptying trash
containers. By comparison, there is a good bit more graffiti in Munich, and
drivers, often crazed from excessive traffic and a lack of  [*112]  parking, are
often rude and too often ignore traffic and parking restrictions.  n96

    No doubt, the security one feels on the streets of Vienna as compared with
the modestly more threatening feel of Salzburg or the post-beer hall happy
drunkenness in Munich may be a factor in Vienna's success in establishing the
utopian city. Of course, all is not perfect, and one hears of the rising
incidence of crimes and auto theft, occasional late night subway assaults and
drug activity; for a resident of Los Angeles, Vienna's (and Salzburg's and
Munich's) crime scene is as quiet as the nicest town or neighborhood in America.

    Despite Vienna's dramatic success in "pedestrianization," a number of German
cities, including Munich and Nuremberg, view their experience as positive with
increase in urban vitality as well as retail sales.  n97 Studies of Copenhagen,
Denmark, disclose that pedestrianizing modern shopping malls results in
transformation to areas for a variety of stimulating experiences and can
contribute significantly to reducing the urban flight of sales and population.
n98 Liveable spaces are most successful when they are located at the heart of
the city or neighborhood.  n99 This is particularly so where, as in Vienna,
Salzburg, and Munich, public squares are located at the heart of the most
historic buildings, creating the strongest image of the essence of the
community. Communities can engage in a wide array of policies to generate a
sense of neighborhood. For example, Bremen, a German city, provides lost and
stolen unclaimed gaily painted bicycles and lost umbrellas in public places for
use by the public to be borrowed and returned after emergency use. Efforts at
promoting pedestrian zones include "traffic calming," where automobiles are
slowed and discouraged, such as where streets are shared by both vehicles and
pedestrians, called "Woonerf" by the Dutch. Pedestrianization projects are
underway in Boston, Boulder, and Seattle, and being considered in the District
of Columbia, Portland, Oregon, and New York City.  n100  [*113]  While the Third
Street Promenade in Santa Monica, California, has long been a retail success,
other American small town or small neighborhood malls have often proven
unsuccessful.  n101 If American cities are to enjoy the European model of
success, they must provide safe, clean, and efficient public transit. Higher
density of residential districts is central to European pedestrianization
success. Those in large expensive homes typically remain at home as compared to
the Viennese attracted to cafes, coffee houses, and a walk in public spaces.
Unfortunately, American planning policy during the last generation has been
targeted toward discouraging pedestrianization and transit usage, while
encouraging automobile-dependent transportation. Clearly cities must act as a
magnet, a place of diversity, creativity, and entertainment that attracts rather
than repels people.  n102 American standards and needs for emergency vehicle
response may impede efforts to expand automobile free zones or neighborhoods as
it has generated lower density development on broad avenues inviting automobile
usage. Nevertheless, federal funds are available for traffic calming and
pedestrianization.  n103 Cosmetic changes, however, are not enough to restore
many American cities to competitive status as they must systematically address
all aspects of their liveability as enhancements to liveability are but a part
of economic redevelopment.  [*114]


   IV. TRAFFIC AND THE HOUSING-JOBS MISMATCH

 The American obsession with traffic congestion is due to two major factors.
First, except for Boston, Chicago, New York, and Philadelphia, development
density has been insufficient to support an efficient public transit system.
n104 The resulting pattern of suburban sprawl with rapidly deteriorating
economic life of the central city generates a perception of public transit as at
best inconvenient and at worst dangerous. The few recent experiments with
subways and rapid transit lines are interesting and convenient for only a few.
n105 The pattern of automobile dependency to get to work, school, market, or
recreation generates traffic. The economic relocation of the past decades now
finds fewer commuters following freeways or subway lines to the old central
business district. Instead most workers live in the suburbs and work in another
suburb. This is the problem of what is called the jobs-housing mismatch. Those
in the central city lack access to the suburban job site, and two-worker
families depend on automobiles to make inter-suburban commutes for which public
transit is rarely convenient or available.  n106 Even if transit is available,
jobs are often distant from restaurants and shopping, and workers want to go to
lunch, stop on the way home for convenience shopping and errands, and enjoy the
independence and privacy offered by the private automobile.  n107 When
employment centers are developed as part of commercial and residential projects,
workers need not drive to lunch, and daily automobile trips plummet with trips
spread throughout the day,  [*115]  eliminating the need for disruptive
alteration of labor practices of business and industry in pursuit of traffic
reduction plans.  n108

    A few American cities have experimented with mixed use developments.  n109
California has enacted legislation establishing a state policy for jobs-housing
balance.  n110 Transit-linked villages that include residences, commercial uses,
recreation, entertainment, and jobs present a popular lifestyle.  n111 The
result can dramatically reduce automobile usage, producing a personal dividend
in allowing a family to rely  [*116]  on at most one automobile with the ability
to increase spending for housing and other non-transportation items. Communities
may be designed to provide a high level of public safety.  n112 Indeed, although
counterintuitive, higher density communities are often safer than spread-out
cities.  n113 Integrating shops and restaurants along residential streets tends
to increase pedestrian traffic and public use of streets while reducing criminal
activity.  n114 In addition, housing costs can be reduced if higher density and
fewer parking spaces are traded off for more green space and amenities. Such
density is necessary if public transit is to be feasible and if communities are
to acquire the excitement and opportunity that city life, such as is found in
Vienna, can offer. Another dividend from transit investment and a policy of
transit villages may be urban stability. American cities with well-developed
transit systems experienced a lower level of urban decline since World War II as
compared to the average pattern of decline of cities.  n115

    European cities have extensive experience with mixed use communities and the
results have generated efficient public transit, even in outlying recently
developed neighborhoods, cleaner air, and a quality of life far greater than
that experienced by most Americans. Munich has a significant traffic problem
despite its excellent transit program utilizing rapid transit (S-Bahn) subways
(U-Bahn), trains, trams, and buses. Some of Munich's earlier mixed use
developments,  [*117]  such as Arabella Strasse, built during the 1980s, are
successful as housing communities but often failed to abate traffic due to a
housing-jobs mismatch. In Arabella Strasse, there are 28,000 jobs created but
only 5,000 housing units. The low mix of housing results in most workers having
to commute, often by automobile. A mix closer to one-for-one housing units to
jobs would generate a higher transit use and a reduction in automobile trips.
Served by bus and two subway stations, the Arabella Strasse project was built at
a residential density of forty to sixty dwelling units per acre, which although
high by contemporary American standards is low by current German planning
ideology and below the eighty dwelling units per acre of the new mixed use
development at Berliner Strasse in Munich.  n116 Compared to Vienna and
Salzburg, M<um u>ncheners are experiencing the conversion from a relatively
sprawl automobile-dominated pattern of development to one more transit-based, a
process likely to be replicated in many American communities.

    Newer developments, such as Arabella Strasse and Berlin Strasse, are
attempting to equalize jobs and housing to encourage workers to reside within
walking or biking distance. American planning commentators are increasingly
encouraging higher density mixed use projects developed around transit.  n117
Increased funding is now available for transit development, including bicycle
paths and other alternative modes of transportation from the automobile.  n118
Current federal transportation funding encourages automobile and traffic
reduction programs by promoting rail transit and encouraging local strategies,
including capping parking development, imposing transit subsidy fees on urban
development, and providing for an improved pedestrian environment.  n119 [*118]

    Vienna is attempting to provide a healthy jobs-housing mix in both the
Danube City and U.N. City ("UNO"-City) projects and appears to have been very
successful as the average Viennese uses public transportation 600 times per year
and automobile commuting is only one-third of "journey to work" trips, public
transit more than one-third, and nearly one-third are pedestrian and bicycle
commuters. Although the Danube City and U.N. City present the archetype of
mixed-use- transit-integrated development, Vienna's rigid restriction of view
impairment makes higher density development prohibitive in much of the central
city.

    While Salzburg has a significant tourist-generated traffic problem, its
approach is to eliminate automobiles and parking at the old city center,
encouraging tourists to park outside the city and use buses. A high number of
Salzburgers walk or bicycle to work and school. Housing and jobs also appear to
be close within the relatively small community of Salzburg.  [*119]

    V.

AFFORDABLE HOUSING


    Unlike the housing policy of the Unites States which segregates subsidized
and public housing in poor, typically minority-segregated neighborhoods with
marginal schools and dangerous neighborhoods with few employment opportunities,
n120 Austrian and German housing policies call for well designed projects in
stable neighborhoods, often inter-mixed with market rate housing. In Germany it
is even common to integrate subsidized and market rate housing in the same
neighborhoods and buildings. The neighborhoods are typically well-served by
public transit, close to job centers and shopping, and enjoy significant green
spaces and recreational opportunities.

    Vienna, has had a long successful experience with social housing. One
quarter of the Vienna population resides in public housing.  n121 Recently
rehabilitated and quite attractive is the kilometer-long Karl Marx-Hof.  n122
Perhaps the first modern planned unit development, Karl Marx-Hof was indeed
ahead of its time. With interior courtyards providing lawns, playgrounds, and
wading pools, and offering mixed uses such as kindergartens and commercial shops
on the first floor, the development offers a sense of community to the small
scale mini-blocks.  n123 Vienna, a city of 1.7 million, is attempting to build
10,000 units of affordable housing a year. By comparison, Los Angeles, with a
population of nearly four million, has recently produced at best 3,000 units per
year with not many more units produced in all of Los Angeles County, with its
nearly ten million population including the city.  n124 As Congress has slashed
recent budgets, affordable housing production has been dramatically reduced.
n125 [*120]

    Munich, a city close in size to Vienna, due to the very deep subsidies
provided, can produce only about 1,500 units per year.  n126 Class variations
are reduced in Austria, which enjoys an extensive social security system.
Workers pay thirty percent of their wages on top of twenty percent taxes for
social programs matched by an employer's thirty percent contribution, providing
comprehensive housing, education, transportation, and health coverage.  n127
Germany also provides a high level of social programs.  n128 In addition, the
populations of Austria and Germany are highly homogeneous reducing significant
objection to the dispersal and integration of social housing within
neighborhoods.

    Vienna, unlike Munich, has built higher density, centrally located, urban
social housing rather than suburban garden cities, reflecting the desire of the
Viennese to spend the evening sitting in a cafe rather than tending a garden.
n129

    The United States embarked on a disastrous path in both segregating projects
by race as official government policy  n130 and selecting impacted racially and
economically segregated sites.  n131 Also to blame for America's affordable
housing failure is the traditional attitude of Congress in desiring to make
public and subsidized housing a sort of temporary shelter that the poor reside
in while acquiring education, employment, and wealth on the way toward entrance
to the middle class. To encourage that conversion, affordable housing often
lacks amenities and has design factors that render the property undesirable.
[*121]

    Austrian and German housing development reflects an understanding that a
sense of community calls for compatible and aesthetically pleasing homes and
neighborhoods. While German and Austrian social housing often reflects the best
in modern architecture and planning design, Vienna is notable in having many
projects designed by the nation's greatest artists and architects.  n132 The
demand for Vienna's public housing has generated long waiting lists and, as in
the case of employment, has generated unwritten political patronage preferences.
n133 Symbolic of the stability of social housing sites is the opening of a new
Ramada Inn hotel on the site of the new Olympic Village social housing project
in Munich. The juxtaposition of public housing and quality commercial
development is a phenomenon unknown in America.

    Residents desire, indeed require, a sense of privacy and dignity. This
desire is expressed even in high density projects by smaller buildings
constructed around semi-private interior lawns and playgrounds with close access
to parks and recreation. Even in large mixed use projects in Munich, residents
will often attempt to chase away any non-residents even from public spaces
adjacent to individual home units and buildings. American affordable housing too
often has been built with little privacy and no dignity. Affordable housing is
seen as a LULU (local undesirable land use) to be excluded, a land use that
reduces neighborhood and community land values and stability and is opposed by
the powerful NIMBY (not in my backyard) lobbies.

    The United States could learn from the Austrian and German experience with
social housing and modify its programs to achieve success and public acceptance.
n134 Some American cities may require  [*122]  unique program design, for with
rents often close to mortgage payments, housing policy may need to shift to
homeownership.  n135

   VI. GREEN SPACE

 Broad public green spaces mark successful cities like Vienna, Salzburg, and
Munich. The Vienna woods along the outskirts of the national capital of Austria
provided the inspiration for Beethoven's Pastoral Symphony and continues to
provide a resource and inspiration to the Viennese today.  n136 Although the
largest green space, the city is ringed by park and forest lands including the
Langer Tiergarten, a gated public forest land replete with boar, deer, and other
wildness and available for hiking and wandering. The city's beautiful Prater
Park and numerous smaller parks along the Danube River and canals offer beauty
to neighborhoods and tie the city together. The New Danube City and U.N. City
enjoy the adjacent Danube recreational island, the Alta Danube green space parks
containing forty kilometers of beaches, lake-like water playgrounds, and Doneau
Park.  n137 Probably half of Vienna is made up of parks and recreational green
space.  n138

    Visitors to Salzburg may quickly turn to the built environment of the
beautiful medieval and baroque center but are not likely to forget the beauty of
its surrounding hills and the green space and bike paths along the Salzach
River. Anyone who saw "The Sound of Music" knows the home of Maria. The most
popular tour in Salzburg visits the movie locations, including the monastery and
the home of the Von Trapp family. Extraordinary green space exceeds in size the
urbanized portion of Salzburg, which also has beautiful parks and gardens.
[*123]

    To me the best part of Munich is its green spaces. Neighboring parks and
more formal gardens are found throughout the city, but the gem is the Englisher
Gardens and park and forest lands along the Isar River. The garden constitutes
the largest urban park in Germany, with lakes and meandering criss-crossing
walking and biking trails, large commons, lakes, and forests. Most visitors walk
in the gardens and are impressed with the beauty and serenity, and possibly a
long beer in one of its gardens. But it takes a bicycle ride or days of hiking
to discover its breadth and majesty. The mixed use new community on the site of
the redeveloped airport at Riem will allot more than fifty percent of the site
for green spaces.  n139 Open space is protected in Germany under planning laws
rendering the conversion of open space for urbanization, a commonplace process
in the United States, nearly impossible.  n140 The German and Austrian
commitment to open space and dedication to its preservation is a fundamental
part of their cultural imperative on a high density continent. By contrast, the
American land ethic has employed the inexhaustible resource of land and the
hegemony of individual self-interest within an historically low density nation.
n141

    Sadly, America's urban parks have become the scene of crime and a cause for
instability. In Los Angeles, green space, despite the  [*124]  large Griffith
Park,  n142 comprises a very minor use of urban land.  n143 More land is
directed to automobiles than parks.  n144 It appears that neighborhoods are
designed without sufficient parks so as to discourage visits to the neighborhood
by residents of other districts. Despite a broad pedestrian zone in the Los
Angeles downtown plan, most new urban plazas in the downtown are located outside
the zone.  n145 Parks and public spaces are designed to allow security
surveillance through minimal landscaping while discouraging public use and
access.  n146 Los Angeles is currently planning four new plazas linked to eight
pedestrian friendly streets referred to as "avenidas."  n147 It appears that
[*125]  downtown planning and development policy has been controlled by private
developers, undermining any sense of strategic public planning.  n148 Indeed, in
the United States, requiring a developer to dedicate a de minimis portion of a
parcel for recreational use is often treated as an unconstitutional taking of
property.  n149

    Cities are less attractive to investment and urban residence as suburban
green space is often more attractive and typically safer than urban green space.
America's cities also tend to place the burden for open space development on
private developers, and the political process results in an inadequate
development of open space and recreational amenities. Even in the most affluent
areas there are insufficient playing and practice fields for little league
baseball and soccer. The very physical health of our citizens is adversely
affected as sports participation is limited to the availability of play areas
and limited open space generates less oxygen, aggravating urban air pollution.

    Although ranking beneath employment development, traffic congestion, lack of
public safety, and the declining quality of schools in perceived importance,
increased public green space is necessary for the development of successful
stable urban environments.


   VII. CONCLUSION

 America's cities are economically depressed and in need of radical policies to
assure a quality of physical and social infrastructure, including safe streets,
quality schools, and employment access.

    The central message of contrasting the urban landscapes of Vienna, Salzburg,
and Munich with the American urban experience is that Europe can benefit from
studying American cities and the impacts of policy initiatives, particularly in
terms of the integration of large numbers of diverse ethnic immigrant groups,
the reduction of socialist welfare programs, and the changing character of
employment patterns and opportunities.  [*126]

    By contrast, American cities must view the European experience in pursuing
efforts towards community economic and cultural revitalization. Certainly the
overriding lesson appears to be that urban success requires success on many
components of urban life. For example, attractive, diverse, and exciting public
open spaces require efficient public transit integrated with higher density
housing and employment centers, reducing community poverty, and enhancing
security. The mere establishment of a pedestrian shopping mall zone, like the
development of suburban hotels and office parks, does not guarantee rejuvenation
of the urban tax base.

    Among the observations made in contrasting urban landscapes are the
following:

    (1) The experience of both European and American cities teaches that
economic development, job development, and the prevention of job loss, are
central to urban survival.

    (2) In their approaches, these European cities have addressed urban physical
development in order to assure the infrastructure necessary for growth and
stability, together with the need to make their cities attractive to investment
and tourism as well as liveable.

    (3) Growth strategies can generate the American version of urban sprawl and
central city de-stabilization caused when new homes and jobs leave the city for
cheaper and more desirable suburban sites converted from agricultural or open
space lands.

    (4) Germany and Austria should be extending educational training and
retraining programs at the very time that EU membership and GATT create pressure
to cut back on both taxation and social programs to remain competitive.

    (5) The United States should accelerate the coordination of government,
university, and private industry to assure workforce training.

    (6) Current more general European economic successes may reflect the
stability of its infrastructure, communities, and workforce.

    (7) The United States would do well to study the German apprenticeship
programs for an example of cooperation between the schools and industry.

    (8) If American cities are to enjoy the European model of success, they must
provide safe, clean, and efficient public transit. Higher density of residential
districts is central to European pedestrianization success.  [*127]

    (9) Clearly, cities must act as a magnet, places of diversity, creativity,
and entertainment that attract rather than repel people.

    (10) Cosmetic changes, however, are not enough to restore many American
cities to competitive status as they must systematically address all aspects of
their liveability as enhancements to liveability are but a part of economic
redevelopment.

    (11) Except for Boston, Chicago, New York, and Philadelphia, development
density has been insufficient to support an efficient public transit system.

    (12) Transit-linked villages that include residences, commercial uses,
recreation, entertainment, and jobs present a popular lifestyle.

    (13) The United States could learn from the Austrian and German experience
with social housing and modify its programs to achieve success and public
acceptance.

    (14) Increased public green space is necessary for the development of
successful stable urban environments.

    These observations suggest policies which, if pursued comprehensively, offer
great hope for an environment to nurture economic development and community
stability. Travel and the comparative study of other societies provide a
wonderful experience to consider possibilities and opportunities. The
Englishman, the character in Julian Barnes' Tunnel, states that:



   Judgements on other countries are seldom fair or precise: The gravitational
pull is towards either scorn or sentimentality. The first no longer interested
him. As for sentimentality, that was sometimes the charge against him for his
view of the French. If accused, he would always plead guilty, claiming in
mitigation that this is what other countries are for. It was unhealthy to be
idealistic about your own country, since the least clarity of vision led swiftly
to disenchantment. Other countries therefore existed to supply the idealism:
they were a version of pastoral.  n150



    In my study of Vienna, Salzburg, and Munich, I too plead guilty of
sentimentality toward my most pleasant sojourns in those cities and toward the
dramatically attractive environments of the ancient capitals and towns of
Europe. Although I remain staunchly optimistic  [*128]  about the future of
urban America, I admit that my optimism is fed by my sentimentality for places
foreign.

    Vienna, Salzburg, and Munich offer a vision of urban success from which
urban planners, public officials, and the American public can learn lessons on
structuring an improved quality of urban life. Indeed, a precondition for urban
and economic revival is the realistic hopeful optimism reflected by the three
cities studied.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Public Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic DevelopmentReal Property
LawZoning & Land UseGrowth ControlTax LawState & Local TaxesIncome
TaxIndividuals, Estates & TrustsCredits

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Doyle McManus & James Gerstenzang, G-7 Vows to Avert World Recession, Stop
Dollar's Fall, L.A. Times, June 17, 1995, at A1 (The G-7 nations averaged a
growth rate of 3.1% in 1994, and that percentage is expected to be slower for
1995.); German Joblessness Exceeds 11%, L.A. Times, Mar. 7, 1996, at D4
(February 1996 rates a post-war high reflecting Germany on the precipice of
recession, a structural condition as German labor is priced out of the
international market). See also German Growth Lethargic, Likely to Remain So,
L.A. Times, Jan. 12, 1996, at D2 (only 1.9% expansion rate in 1995, with
unemployment surging to 9.9% in December, 1995, with projected reduction to 1.5%
expansion in 1996); Research Analyst Interview Beverage Stocks, Wall Street
Transcript, Nov. 21, 1994, available in 1994 WL 3737304 (global economic
recession in the past few years, but in 1994, the U.S. economy was very strong).
See also Austria: A Country Study 120, 133 (Eric Solsten & David E. McClave
eds., 1993) (Austrian recession in early 1990s).




n2.  See McManus & Gerstenzang, supra note 1, at A1 (Mexico's crisis spurred the
G-7 to start a monthly reporting program to avoid future crises and ensure sound
financial practices in world governments. The G-7 also pledged to double a
currency stabilization fund of the International Monetary Fund, but the annual
topic of how to drive their countries' economies without inflation or recession
remained in the shadows.).




n3.  George Lefcoe, The Right to Develop Land: The German and Dutch Experience,
56 Or. L. Rev. 31, 43 (1977).




n4.  James A. Kushner, Growth Management and the City, 12 Yale L. & Pol'y Rev.
68 (1994) [hereinafter Kushner, Growth Management]. See also James A. Kushner, A
Tale of Three Cities: Land Development and Planning for Growth in Stockholm,
Berlin, and Los Angeles, 25 Urb. Law. 197 (1993) [hereinafter Kushner, A Tale of
Three Cities] (Stockholm and Berlin also reflect the European pattern.); Lefcoe,
supra note 3, at 38-39 (German development does not follow this pattern in part
due to rigid state review of consistency with state and local plans and state
control of competition for tax base between local governments.).
Interjurisdictional competition for economic development has been heavily
criticized because it does not promote national growth. Jennifer L. Gilbert,
Selling the City Without Selling Out: New Legislation on Development Incentives
Emphasizes Accountability, 27 Urb. Law. 427, 433 (1995). It indeed appears to be
inapplicable to significant development projects to suggest that despite
detailed German planning laws that everything is settled over the Ratskeller
city hall bar. See Carol M. Rose, Planning and Dealing: Piecemeal Land Controls
as a Problem of Local Legitimacy, 71 Cal. L. Rev. 839, 911 n.340 (1983). The
quote perhaps refers to the resolution of minor disputes and was not meant to
suggest that permits can be purchased for inappropriate compensation.




n5.  Kushner, Growth Management, supra note 4. See also Otto J. Hetzel, Some
Historical Lessons for Implementing the Clinton Administration's Empowerment
Zones and Enterprise Communities Program: Experiences From the Model Cities
Program, 26 Urb. Law. 63, 78 (1994) (describing EZEC program and urging new
branches or new enterprises not relocation of existing business to the area as
the only measurement of real economic development).




n6.  Eduard M<um a>rz & Maria Szecsi, Development and Problems of Austrian
Industry, 1945-1978, in Modern Austria 123, 139 (Kurt Steiner ed., 1981).




n7.  Id. See also Ferdinand Lacina, Development and Problems of Austrian
Industry, in Modern Austria, supra note 6, at 170.




n8.  AnnaLee Saxenian, Regional Advantage: Culture and Competition in Silicon
Valley and Route 128 3, 107-110 (1994) (high tech employment rising from 1959 to
1990 from under 50,000 to over 250,000, with over $ 1 billion in venture capital
invested in the 1980s; fast growing technology firms growing between 1985 to
1990 from 22 to 39; 47 firms in the 1980s with annual revenues over $ 100
million). See also John Marks, From Disgrace to High-Tech Race, U.S. News &
World Rep., Oct. 24, 1994, at 69 (Germany attempting to create Silicon Valley in
Eastern Germany, linking research centers and universities on the United States
model).




n9.  Saxenian, supra note 8, at 1 (In the early 1980s Silicon Valley producers
"relinquished" the semi-conductor memory market to Japanese manufacturers after
which Silicon Valley experienced its worst economic downturn in history.). Most
of the semi-conductors today are now manufactured off-shore, including Asia and
Europe. The European investment is ironically being sponsored by Silicon Valley
based firms, such as Intel and Apple. Robin Knight et al., A Golden Opportunity,
U.S. News & World Rep., Oct. 24, 1994, at 65-69.




n10.  The Silicon Valley has also spawned a burgeoning industry of law firms to
service the high tech firms. Silicon Valley Fever, Cal. Law., June 1995, at 49.




n11.  Michael I. Luger & Harvey A. Goldstein, Technology in the Garden: Research
Parks and Regional Economic Development xvi, 19 (1991) (Research Triangle in
Durham, North Carolina, Provo to Orem, Silicon Valley, and Route 128 described);
Saxenian, supra note 8 (Route 128 around Boston as well as Silicon Valley); Jay
Hailey, Austin: High Tech Mecca, 54 Urb. Land 62-64 (1995) (led by Motorola and
Advanced Micro Devices each with facilities costing over $ 1 billion, and
together contributing nearly $ 30 million annually to the local tax base, the
high tech companies of Austin, employing 85,000, are working closely with the
University of Texas, and noting that computer related high tech employees demand
a high quality of life and excellent schools); Richard Rapaport, Mormon
Conquest, Forbes, Dec. 7, 1992, at 76 (describing Wasatch Front or the Provo to
Orem fifty mile research strip linked to Brigham Young University, with Novell's
WordPerfect in Orem equalling all software sales in the Silicon Valley).




n12.  Lacina, supra note 7, at 170 (noting that the Economic and Social Advisory
Board ("ESAB") advised that industry be reoriented towards high end technology).
The ESAB is in part responsible for steering Austria's economic policy on a
scientific basis and is a subcommittee of the Joint Commission for Prices and
Wages ("JCPW"). Maria Szecsi, Social Partnership in Austria, in Modern Austria,
supra note 6, at 185, 189. The ESAB makes findings based on research, formulates
policy recommendations, and, since it is made up of both employers and
employees, resolves conflicts between them. The major areas studied include the
inflationary process, structural weaknesses of the economy, and prospects for
economic growth. Id. at 192-93.




n13.  M<um a>rz & Szecsi, supra note 6, at 131 (showing that from 1934 to 1977
the service sector of the Austrian economy went from 30.8% to 49.3%).




n14.  William Coxe, History of the House of Austria (photo. reprint 1971)(1889);
Arthur J. May, The Hapsburg Monarchy, 1867-1914 (1951); Victor-L. Tapie, The
Rise and Fall of the Habsburg Monarchy (Stephen Hardman trans., 1971); Adam
Wandruszka, The House of Habsburg: Six Hundred Years of a European Dynasty
(Cathleen Epstein & Hans Epstein trans., 1964).




n15.  Elisabeth Barker, Austria 1918-1972 273-74 (1973) (discussing Austrian
view that nation was to serve as an active link between the communist East and
the West).




n16.  European Tax Subcomm., A.B.A., European Tax Law, 25 Int'l Law. 277 (1991)
(explains the affiliation privilege: a holding company owning 25% or more of a
foreign subsidiary can exempt 100% of its dividend income from that company).




n17.  See Barker, supra note 15, at 270 (Austrian tourist industry is dominated
by West Germans and contributes greatly to the trade deficit.).




n18.  The Salzburg Technology Center, Techno-Z Salzburg (Mar. 1989). Salzburg
Technology Center Techno-Z Salzburg ("Techno-Z") was created as a part of the
Salzburg Business Settlement Association. Opened in June 1988, Techno-Z has
several buildings, and each is to house a separate concept or division,
including a "factory of the future," a "computer and communication technology
center," the five university institutes, and the "high-tech development area."
The first, the factory, is an array of new enterprises all developing technology
to adapt current manufacturing techniques to the future, using computers in
every step in the manufacturing process. The second, the computer and
communication center, is open to new enterprises as well as research and
development divisions of existing companies which specialize in
microelectronics, computers, communications, and software engineering. The third
division, the university, will be the core of Techno-Z. Its role is to serve as
an information and technology transfer center, to provide industry with fresh
minds and holistic business advice. The fourth division, the development area,
is a site set aside for international companies looking to expand research and
development and engineering facilities. This area will be in close proximity to
the Techno-Z and can benefit from the university's programs and its
supercomputer, as do all the other divisions of Techno-Z.

   The Technical University in Berlin is another notable example of a
public-private-university cooperative venture. The University conducts
state-of-the-art industrial research in a functioning robotics factory. Research
and production is jointly staffed by academics and private sector scientists
within a jointly created and funded university. The author visited the Technical
University in Berlin in 1990, participating in an earlier delegation from the
Property Law Forum at U.S.C.




n19.  Nancy Rivera Brooks, They're Fruitful and They're Multiplying, L.A. Times,
Nov. 20, 1995, at D2 (describing the Calstart's Project Hatchery, USC Annenberg
Center for Communication's EC2, as well as several inner-city projects, and
reporting on 500 incubators in the nation, with a dozen in Southern California,
each with public and private participation; noting that 80% of incubation
companies that graduate from the programs were still in business after five
years, 60% of incubator tenants sell goods and services to other tenants in the
same incubator; warning that some incubation projects may be mere ineffectual
real estate deals offering at best cheap rents and that incubation has not been
successful with retail and business service firms).




n20.  Knight et al., supra note 9. See also Regional Development in Europe:
Recent Initiatives and Experiences 94-95 (J<um u>rgen Allesch ed., 1989)
(describing Germany's science parks and innovation centers).




n21.  Wolfgang Robinow, Southern Germany, Nation's Bus., Nov. 1988, at 49.




n22.  Luger & Goldstein, supra note 11, at 30 (the model includes subsidies from
public universities which operate or sponsor the park, government subsidies
including land and infrastructure and reduced taxes, the provision of specially
designed economic development, education, and job development programs, and
supportive land use policies); Saxenian, supra note 8, at 13, 20-23; Robinow,
supra note 21.




n23.  Luger & Goldstein, supra note 11, at 27, 33, 179-180.




n24.  See Treaty Establishing the European Community, Feb. 7, 1992, O.J.(c224) 1
(1992), [1992] 1 C.M.L.R. 573 (1992), arts. 126-27 [hereinafter EC Treaty].




n25.  EC Treaty calls for the harmonization of taxes, including turnover taxes
(a type of sales tax) and excise duties among others required for the
functioning of the internal market, EC Treaty art. 99; and the improvement of
living standards and working conditions as well as their harmonization, EC
Treaty art. 117.




n26.  Lacina, supra note 7, at 167-68 (including credit subsidies, guarantees,
tax incentives, and direct state investment participation; inexpensive or free
land and training of personnel are even available for large industrial
projects).




n27.  Austria: A Country Study, supra note 1, at 140 (Foreign-owned firms own
25.2%, and 35% is privately owned by Austrians.).




n28.  Lacina, supra note 7, at 168 (the Arbeitsmarktfoderung, labor market
policy, allows monies from the under-utilized Unemployment Compensation Fund to
alleviate fluctuations in industrial employment capacity and avoid unemployment
whether cyclical, seasonal, or due to other factors).




n29.  Programs include: the Osterrechische Kontrollbank, a special institute
owned by a consortium of banks, for the direct financing and guarantees for
long-term export businesses; the Vienna Innovation Corporation created by the
Municipal Savings Bank and the City of Vienna to provide financing for the
promotion and marketing of inventions for a share in revenues from them; and the
Arbeitsmarktf<um o>rderung, a special instrument of the labor market policy,
enables the government to provide monetary assistance from the over funded
Unemployment Compensation Fund to companies in severe trouble with the objective
of stabilizing the labor market. Id.




n30.  Amtrak Gets on the Right Track, Bus. Wk., Jun. 21, 1982, at 99 (deep
subsidies).




n31.  Paul H. Wilson, Jr. & Peter L. Borowitz, Working Out With the Government:
The Chrysler Loan Guarantee Program, 4 J.L. & Com. 19, 22-23 (1984).




n32.  Id.




n33.  Id.




n34.  See also Global Ocean Carriers Considering Purchase of New U.S.-Built
Feeder Vessels and/or Purchasing Fleet of Eight Modern Vessels, PR Newswire,
Aug. 3, 1994 (Fin. News) (U.S. government provides loan guarantees for non-U.S.
owners to build new U.S. ships in U.S. yards); Tosco Uses Oil Unit as Loan
Collateral, N.Y. Times, Oct. 8, 1981, at D4 (Tosco Corporation pledged the stock
of its principal subsidiary in exchange for a $ 1.1 billion government loan
guarantee for a project to produce oil from shale, with 60% of venture owned by
Exxon).




n35.  Poletown Neighborhood Council v. City of Detroit, 304 N.W.2d 455 (Mich.
1981).




n36.  E.g., 15 U.S.C. 631-635 (1988) (Small Business Administration loans
administered by the Department of Commerce); 42 U.S.C. 1471 (1988) (Farmers Home
Administration loans and subsidy programs). There have also existed federal
funds for local community development corporations designed to stimulate
economic development in low income and minority communities. See generally
National Housing and Economic Development Law Project, A Lawyers Manual on
Community-Based Economic Development (1974). See also Richard D. Marisco,
Fighting Poverty Through Community Empowerment and Economic Development: The
Role of the Community Reinvestment and Home Mortgage Disclosure Acts, 12 N.Y.L.
Sch. J. Hum. Rts. 281 (1995) (encouraging lender investment).




n37.  One such more effective program, which would cost less, would be regional
tax base equalization, which could lower tax burdens on firms in areas in need
of an increased tax base by revenue sharing with wealthier areas and would
discourage the relocation of firms to areas with low taxes who receive excessive
amounts of revenue in comparison to their required outlay for infrastructure and
services. James A. Kushner, The Reagan Urban Policy: Centrifugal Force in the
Empire, 2 UCLA J. Envtl. L. & Pol'y 209, 230 (1982). Another program is the
Urban Development Action Grants ("UDAG"), which, unlike Enterprize Zones ("EZs")
based on tax cuts, would create jobs for $ 6,400 as opposed to $ 28,800 to $
55,300 with EZs. The EZs with a $ 95 million dollar revenue loss have no
assurance of job creation. Id. at 230 n.88. Increased employment, the attraction
of new branches or the creation of businesses, self-sufficiency, better housing,
infrastructure improvements, integrated gentrification, and jobs linked to
housing are factors which could be used to grade programs on their effectiveness
to ensure sustainability. Hetzel, supra note 5, at 78.




n38.  Rainer Neef, The New Poverty and Local Government Social Policies: A West
German Perspective, 16 Int'l J. Urb. & Regional Res. 202 (1992).




n39.  Herr Lazarus, Another Boring German Miracle. But is it an Illusion this
Time?, Economist, Mar. 18, 1995, at 63 (manufacturing constitutes 30% of German
employment compared to 17% in the United States and 19% in industrialized
countries, with automobiles, machines, and chemicals accounting for 45% of
German exports).




n40.  On the increasing numbers and concentrations of immigrants and foreign
workers in Germany, see Jurgen Friedrichs & Hannes Alpheis, Housing Segregation
of Immigrants in West Germany, in Urban Housing Segregation of Minorities in
Western Europe and the United States 116 (Elizabeth D. Huttman ed., 1991). The
EC Treaty provides Union citizens the right to reside and move freely within the
Union and the right to move freely and accept employment free of any
discrimination based on nationality, subject to some limitations. See EC Treaty
arts. 8A & 48.




n41.  See generally D.G. Goyder, E.C. Competition Law (2d ed. 1993).




n42.  Luger & Goldstein, supra note 11, at 19 (providing incubator space for
three to five years to new start-up firms, reducing the mortality rate of new
firms from 90% for non-incubator businesses compared to 50% mortality for
incubator-sponsored firms).




n43.  Robert F. Johnston & Christopher G. Edwards, Entrepreneurial Science: New
Links Between Corporations, Universities, and Government 23 (1987). Corporations
are also investing in basic university research, with affiliations allowing
academics to conduct basic research which may yield a beneficial result for the
sponsoring company and provides a gateway between talented graduate students and
company recruiters. Id. at 21. The University of Texas currently sponsors 32 $ 1
million endowed chairs to attract faculty in microelectronics and technology.
Hailey, supra note 11, at 63. See also Suzanne Barlyn, It's San Francisco!,
Fortune, Nov. 13, 1995, at 84, 91 (University of Texas contributes to the
high-tech image of Austin); Justin Martin, A Guide to the Best Cities for
Business, Fortune, Nov. 13, 1995, at 97, 98 (High-tech computer industry
employers, including Texas Instruments, 3M, Motorola, IBM, Advanced Micro
Devices, and Dell Computer, employ about 85,000 people in Austin.).




n44.  Johnston & Edwards, supra note 43, at chs. 3-4.




n45.  See generally Luger & Goldstein, supra note 11, at 30.




n46.  Johnston & Edwards, supra note 43, at 116.




n47.  The states of Europe formed the European Coal and Steel Community ("ECSC")
by the Treaty of Paris, see Treaty Establishing the European Coal and Steel
Community, Apr. 18, 1951, 261 U.N.T.S. 140, and the European Economic Community
("EEC") by the Treaty of Rome, see Treaty Establishing the European Economic
Community, Mar. 25, 1957, 298 U.N.T.S. 11 [hereinafter EEC Treaty]. In 1967, the
executives of the three European Communities, ECSC, EEC, and European Atomic
Energy Community ("Euratom") were merged and to have all the respective powers
of each of the three treaties, ten years after a common assembly was formed for
the three communities.  Treaty Establishing A Single Council and a Single
Commission of The European Communities, Apr. 8, 1965, 1967 [SIGMA] 0 (152) 1. In
1987, the Single European Act ("SEA") amended the three treaties to continue to
unite Europe by establishing the European Communities in hopes of transforming
the relations of the states into a European Union. EEC Treaty art. 1 (as amended
1987). The 1992 Treaty on European Union ("Union Treaty") established the
existence of the European Union ("EU") founded upon the European Communities.
Treaty on European Union, Feb.7, 1992, art.A, O.J. (C191) 1 (1992), [1992] 1
C.M.L.R. 719 (1992) [hereinafter TEU]. The Union Treaty also renamed the
original Treaty Establishing the EEC (Treaty of Rome) the Treaty Establishing
the European Community ("EC Treaty") and amended it to establish a European
Community. TEU art. G(A)(1).




n48.  Austria's membership in the EU took effect in January 1995, following a
vote taken June 12, 1994. 2 Doing Business in Europe (CCH International) P
121-463 (1994).




n49.  In Title II, Art. G, the Union Treaty amended the EEC Treaty, now the EC
Treaty, and set forth the central goals of the EC which include attaining "a
harmonious and balanced development of economic activities, sustainable and
non-inflationary growth respecting the environment, a high degree of convergence
of economic performance, a high level of employment and of social protection,
the raising of the standard of living and quality of life, and economic and
social cohesion and solidarity among member states." TEU art. G.

   Specific policies for the attainment of these goals are set forth in the
following Articles of the EC Treaty: 92 (acceptable and non-acceptable state
aids and subsidies), 117 (improvement of standard of living and working
conditions), 118A (occupational health and safety), 130 (promotion of the
Community's industrial competitiveness), 130A (equalization of interregional
disparities in levels of development), 130C (European Regional Development Fund
- for equalization purposes) 130F-J (encouragement of the scientific and
technological bases through cooperation between industry, universities, and
member states, including joint undertakings and the sharing of information),
130U (development cooperation with the less developed countries of the world).




n50.  See generally Ralph H. Folsom & Michael P. Cloes, European Union Business
Law (1995); Goyder, supra note 41.




n51.  Goyder, supra note 41, at 452. See also Case 52/76, Benedetti v. Munari F.
IIi SAS, 1977 E.C.R. 163 (sale of wheat by state below target or intervention
price possibly illegal state aid). For the vague developed definitions, see
e.g., Case 56/65, Societe Technique Miniere v. Maschinerbau Ulm GmbH, 1965
E.C.R. 235, 249 ("if it is possible to foresee with a sufficient degree of
probability on the basis of a set of objective factors of law or fact that the
agreement in question may have an influence, direct or indirect, actual or
potential, on the pattern of trade between member states").




n52.  Article 92 on state aids provides in pertinent parts:



   92(1) ... any aid granted by a member state or through state resources in any
form whatsoever which distorts or threatens to distort competition by favouring
certain undertakings or the production of certain goods shall, in so far as it
affects trade between member states, be incompatible with the common market.

   92(2) The following shall be compatible with the common market:

   (a) aid having a social character, granted to individual consumers, provided
that such aid is granted without discrimination related to the origin of the
products concerned;

   (b) aid granted without discrimination related to the origin of the products
concerned;

   92(3) The following may be considered to be compatible with the common
market:

   (a) aid to promote the economic development of areas where the standard of
living is abnormally low or where there is serious underemployment;

   (b) aid to promote the execution of an important project of common European
interest or to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of a member state;

   (c) aid to facilitate the development of certain economic activities or of
certain economic areas, where such aid does not adversely affect trading
condition to an extent contrary to the common interest.



   EC Treaty art. 92 (emphasis added). See generally Folsom & Cloes, supra note
50.




n53.  Case 296 & 318/82, Netherlands v. Commission, 1985 C.M.L.R. 380 (1985)
(emphasizing community benefit over benefit to firm in production capacity
expansion). See also Case 267/86, Van Eycke v. ASPA n.v., [1990] ICEC 293 (tax
advantage for interest on savings deposits sustained). But see Case 730/79,
Philip Morris Holland B.V. v. Commission, 1980 E.C.R. 2671, [1981] C.M.L.R. 321
(invalidation of subsidies to a tobacco manufacturer to expand production due to
nation's substantial trade surplus from tobacco).




n54.  The EC Treaty, in Title XV-Research and Technological Development, Arts.
130f-n, 31 I.L.M. 283-85, sets forth strategies for the Union. Most notable
among them are found in art. 130G as follows:



   Article 130gIn pursuing these objectives, the Community shall carry out the
following activities, complementing the activities carried out in the member
states:

   (a) implementation of research, technological development and demonstration
programmes, by promoting co-operation with and between undertakings, research
centers and universities;

   (b) promotion of co-operation in the field of Community research,
technological development and demonstration with third countries and
international organizations;

   (c) dissemination and optimization of the results of activities in Community
research, technological development, and demonstration;

   (d) stimulation of the training and mobility of researchers in the Community.



   EC Treaty art. 130g. In addition, article 130i requires outlines of the
scientific and technological objectives, their priorities, scope, and the
amounts and rules for Community financial participation in the activities set
forth in art. 130g be made in general, and for every specific program in a more
detailed manner giving means and methods to each. EC Treaty art. 130i.




n55.  Austria and Germany had signed the Uruguay Round of GATT on April 15,
1994, with Germany's signature subject to ratification. 33 I.L.M. 1131. GATT
administration has been replaced by the World Trade Organization Agreement
establishing the World Trade Organization, April 15, 1994, reprinted in 33
I.L.M. 1133. See Patricia I. Hansen, The Impact of the WTO and NAFTA on the U.S.
Law, 46 J. Legal Educ. 569 (1996).




n56.  Article VI provides: "Antidumping and Countervailing Duties 1. The
Contracting Parties recognize that dumping, by which products of one country are
introduced into the commerce of another at less than the normal value of the
products, is to be condemned if it causes or threatens material injury to an
established industry in the territory of a contracting party or materially
retards the establishment of a domestic industry."

   The article then defines what is less than normal value and countervailing
duties which may be placed on dumped goods. Alan C. Swan & John F. Murphy, Cases
and Materials on the Regulation of International Business and Economic
Relations: Documentary Supplement 102-03 (1991).

   Article XVI provides: "Section A - Subsidies in General

   1. If any contracting party grants or maintains any subsidy, including any
form of income or price support, which operates directly or indirectly to
increase exports of any product from, or to reduce imports of any product into,
its territory, it shall notify the Contracting Parties in writing of the extent
and nature of the subsidization, of the estimated effect of the subsidization on
the quantity of the affected product or products imported into or exported from
it territory and of the circumstances making the subsidization necessary. In any
case in which it is determined that serious prejudice to the interests of any
other contracting party is caused or threatened by any such subsidization, the
contracting party granting the subsidy shall, upon request, discuss with the
other contracting party or parties concerned, or with the Contracting Parties,
the possibility of limiting the subsidization." Id. at 122.

   Section B limits export subsidies for primary products (farm, forestry,
fishery, or mineral) to those which would not result in the subsidizing country
receiving more than its equitable share of world trade in that product. Id.




n57.  Ralph H. Folsom et al., International Business Transactions ch. 7 (3d ed.
1995).




n58.  Terrence J. McCartin, Red, Yellow or Green: GATT 1994's Traffic Light
Subsidies Categories, in Practicing Law Institute, The Commerce Department
Speaks on International Trade and Investment 611 (1994), reprinted in Folsom,
supra note 57, at 507 (such import impacting subsidies are "red light" and
prohibited, while research and development is a permitted "green light" subsidy,
with the remainder characterized as "yellow light" and actionable where a
serious adverse impact is generated).




n59.  Austria's membership in the EU took effect in January 1995, following a
vote taken June 12, 1994. 2 Doing Business in Europe (CCH International)
P121-463 (1994).




n60.  But see Jennifer Gilbert, Selling the City Without Selling Out: New
Legislation on Development Incentives Emphasizes Accountability, 27 Urb. Law.
427, 446 (1995) (arguing that subsidies are prohibited).




n61.  Arthur Hearnden, Education, Culture, and Politics in West Germany (1976).
See also Graham Hallett, The Social Economy of West Germany ch. 8 (1973)
(describing practical education and apprenticeship programs as part of general
education program description).




n62.  Anthony Downs, New Visions for Metropolitan America 60-61 (1994); Peter
Dreier, America's Urban Crisis: Symptoms, Causes, Solutions, 71 N.C. L. Rev.
1351, 1362-72 (1993). On the lack of employment access, see John Kain, The
Spatial Mismatch Hypothesis: Three Decades Later, 3 Hous. Pol'y Debate 371
(1992) (positing central city economic decline and poverty a result of
discrimination and lack of access to employment opportunities); Michael H.
Schill, Deconcentrating the Inner City Poor, 67 Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 795, 799-804,
820-21 (1991) (reviewing the spacial mismatch literature and the successes of
those desegregated). See also Mark Alan Hughes, Employment Decentralization and
Accessibility: A Strategy for Stimulating Regional Mobility, 57 J. Am. Plan.
Ass'n 288 (1991) (improved transit, day care and other assistance to commuting
central city residents advocated); John F. Kain, Housing Segregation, Negro
Employment and Metropolitan Decentralization, 82 Q.J. Econ. 175 (1968) (spacial
mismatch identified); James E. Rosenbaum et al., Can the Kerner Commission's
Housing Strategy Improve Employment, Education, and Social Integration for
Low-Income Blacks?, 71 N.C. L. Rev. 1519 (1993) (positive report on Gautreaux,
the Chicago public housing desegregation litigation dispersal program); Leonard
S. Rubinowitz, Metropolitan Public Housing Desegregation Remedies: Chicago's
Privatization Program, 12 N. Ill. U. L. Rev. 589 (1992) (reporting on Gautreaux
desegregation program success); Michael A. Stegman & Margery Austin Turner, The
Future of Urban America in the Global Economy, 62 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 157 (1996)
(emphasizing the need to address poverty and the strength of the entire
metropolitan region if American cities are to compete with today's world market
for economic development); Loic J.D. Wacquant & William Julius Wilson, The Cost
of Racial and Class Exclusion in the Inner City, 501 Annals 8 (1989)
(hypersegregation has led to hyperghettoization, suggesting the need for spatial
deconcentration).




n63.  Neef, supra note 38.




n64.  See generally European Cities Towards 2000: Profiles, Policies and
Prospects (Alan Harding et al. eds., 1994) (focusing on a micro analysis of a
mix of cities, cities not studied in this Article).




n65.  Stephen Brook, Vanished Empire 108-21 (1988). Similarities between life in
Austria and America include the rhetoric of American Presidential candidate Pat
Buchanan which mirrors that of Mr. Haider.




n66.  Theodor Tomandl & Karl Fuerboeck, Social Partnership: The Austrian System
of Industrial Relations and Social Insurance 142-150 (1986).




n67.  Stephen Brockman, The Wound Called Germany, 35 Midwest Q. 198 (1994).




n68.  Clinton's Empowerment Zones and Enterprise Communities ("EZEC") Program
dedicated $ 1,000.25 million to Social Service Block Grants, only $ 791.75
million of which to go to cities. Hetzel, supra note 5, at 66-67. Compare that
figure to the predicted revenues lost through deductions for mortgage interest
on residences, an estimated $ 82.515 billion per year by 1986. Kushner, supra
note 37, at 235 n.97 (citing Congressional Budget Office, The Tax Treatment of
Homeownership (1981)). This is the real federal housing policy. Id. at 233.




n69.  Gilbert, supra note 60, at 433.




n70.  Id.




n71.  Gail Garfield Schwartz, Urban Economic Development in Great Britain and
West Germany: Lessons for the United States (1980).




n72.  Kushner, supra note 37.




n73.  Gilbert, supra note 60, at 436-38. Harold Wolman, Local Economic
Development Policy: What Explains the Divergence Between Policy Analysis and
Political Behavior?, 10 J. Urb. Affairs 19, 22 (1988).




n74.  Robert H. Freilich et al., Federal Mandates or State and Local
Initiatives: Contract and Constitutional Status in the Gingrich Era, 27 Urb.
Law. 635 (1995) ("Contract With America" conservative agenda). The Republican
"Contract With America" remains stalled.




n75.  America's racial apartheid and its effects, inadequate services, safety,
education, job training, employment opportunities, and transportation have
halted further government support for the central cities resulting in a downward
economic development spiral reinforced by the above effects. Kushner, A Tale of
Three Cities, supra note 4, at 211.




n76.  Fed. Tax. Coordinator 2d (Res. Inst. Am.) 35,421 (Tax credit is a direct
reduction of the tax due which arises either because of a provision in the law
or, because the taxpayer has previously made a payment on the tax. Certain
credits are intended to provide special incentives for the achievement of
certain national business objectives; others merely provide a benefit to
taxpayers falling into special categories (e.g., the elderly or the disabled,
etc.).); id. at 35,422 (investment tax credit, targeted jobs credit, empowerment
zone employment credit, contributions to community development corporation
(CDCs), Indian employment credit, employer social security credit, alcohol fuel
credit, incremental research credit, enhanced oil recovery credit, disabled
access and low-income housing credits are combined into a general business
credit for purposes of determining each credit's allowance limitation for the
taxable year). See, e.g., I.R.C. 47(a)(1) (10% of the qualified rehabilitation
expenditures).




n77.  Fed. Tax. Coordinator 2d (Res. Inst. Am.) 34,625 (one of the costs of
doing business is the wearing out, or loss of usefulness, of property (commonly
referred to as capital assets) used in a trade or business or held for the
production of income. The Code allows, as a depreciation deduction, a reasonable
allowance for a portion of the cost or other basis of a capital asset used
during the taxable year). See, e.g., I.R.C. 163(h) (3)(D).




n78.  Fed. Tax. Coordinator 2d (Res. Inst. Am.) 38,123 (taxpayers engaged in
exploration, development, and production of natural resources have the benefit
of a variety of special tax rules, principally: the cost or (in certain cases)
percentage depletion deduction for owners and operators of "economic interests"
in exhaustible mines, oil, gas, or geothermal wells, natural deposits, or
standing timber; the election to deduct or capitalize (and amortize)
exploration, drilling, and development costs; the tertiary injectant deduction;
and, the capital gain-ordinary loss treatment of certain natural resources.
However, recapture as ordinary income to the extent of certain amortized
exploration, drilling, and development costs may apply to certain capital
gains); id. at 38,001 (particularly favorable treatment to taxpayers in the
business of farming or exploiting natural resources... On the expense side, for
example, there are important options enabling such taxpayers to deduct items
that would otherwise have to be capitalized and special kinds of deductions not
available to others). See also id. at 38,051 (farmers (except large
corporations) are given a wider choice of methods of accounting than other
taxpayers. Unharvested crops disposed of with the land and livestock held for
breeding, dairy, sporting or draft purposes are included in a special category
of property for tax purposes. Farmers may elect to deduct certain soil and water
conservation expenditures, and erosion prevention costs, although such
expenditures would normally be nondeductible capital outlays).




n79.  Fed. Tax. Coordinator 2d (Res. Inst. Am.) 34,357 (wide variety of
expenditures incurred in carrying on a trade or business, in collecting or
producing income or in managing and conserving income producing property do not
fall into any particular category but nevertheless may qualify as deductible
expenses); id. at 34,313 (education expenses are deductible as business expenses
if they maintain or improve employment skills or are required to keep salary,
status, or employment. They are not deductible if they: (1) qualify the taxpayer
for a new trade or business, or (2) are required to meet the minimum educational
requirements for qualification in the taxpayer's employment, trade, or
business); id. at 34,260 (may deduct research or experimental costs as current
expenses, or treat those costs as deferred expenses to be amortized over a
future period when they begin to produce a benefit or capitalize the costs. If
costs are capitalized, a loss deduction may be permitted if the project proves
unsuccessful and is abandoned); id. at 34,072 (individual taxpayers are allowed
a deduction for expenses incurred in the production or collection of income and
in the management or conservation of property held to produce income, even
though they were not incurred in the course of a trade or business); id. at
34,025 (trade or business expenses are one of the major categories of deductions
from gross income allowed in computing taxable income. Unlike interest, tax
payments and charitable contributions - which are deductible by all taxpayers
regardless of their economic activities - trade or business expenses are
deductible only by taxpayers engaged in a trade or business); id. at 34,001
(entitles taxpayers to reduce their gross income by certain deductions in
arriving at taxable income... Among the most important are the deductions for
trade or business expenses and travel and entertainment expenses).




n80.  For example, tobacco farmers are given a subsidy then the rest of the
country is taxed to pay for the harm they do to others by providing an
inherently dangerous product to millions, resulting in large medicaid and
medicare billings. Raymond E. Gangarosa et al., Suits by Public Hospitals to
Recover Expenditures for the Treatment of Disease, Injury and Disability Caused
by Tobacco and Alcohol, 22 Fordham Urb. L.J. 81, 83 n.9, 86, 100-01 nn.95-97
(1994) (hospitals provide $ 6 to 8 billion in medical care to indigents, and 25%
to 40% of hospitalizations are for complications of alcoholism; tobacco
contributes to 418,000 premature deaths annually, 15% of national total, alcohol
to 108,000 deaths annually, or 5% of total, and total annual societal costs of $
98 to 117 billion for alcohol and $ 72 billion for tobacco, while the entire
alcohol industry annually generates only $ 92 billion and tobacco $ 44 billion).




n81.  Gilbert, supra note 60, at 443-45.




n82.  James A. Kushner, Subdivision Law and Growth Management 6.07 (1991 & Supp.
1997); Hetzel, supra note 5, at 67 (Small Business Investment Corporations
owners allowed tax break on capital gains; tax incentives of a $ 3,000 per
employee training and $ 20,000 total equipment tax credits; possible social
service block grants to provide community services (security? day care?, of up
to $ 100 million per zone), and financing). The four main criteria for judging
the applications for grants (strategic plans) were Economic Opportunity,
Sustainable Community Development, Community-Based Partnerships, and a Strategic
Vision for Change. Economic Opportunity includes "creating jobs within the
community, attracting private investment and expanding access for residents to
jobs throughout the region, so residents can become self-sufficient...." Id. at
71 n.17. Sustainable Community Development required a comprehensive strategy
incorporating physical development, such as "safe streets, clean air and water,
lifelong learning and a commitment to personal, family and civic
responsibility." Id. The Strategic Vision for change is a long term goal for the
communities future which builds on strengths "and coordinates a response to the
needs of the community by integrating economic, physical, human, and other
strategies." Id. See also Jason DeParle, Clinton Proposes Assistance to Troubled
Neighborhoods, N.Y. Times, May 5, 1993, at B9 (describing the Clinton
Administration's emphasis on "empowerment" zones to attract economic development
and job creation yet without deep enough tax incentives to attract businesses);
Kushner, supra note 37, at 226-31; Mildred Wigfall Robinson, Empowerment Zones
and Enterprise Communities Under the Omnibus Budget and Reconciliation Act of
1993: A Promising Concept With Some Modifications, 11 J.L. & Pol. 345 (1995).
The 1993 budget legislation contains the Clinton "empowerment zones" and
"enterprise communities." 1993 LEXIS H.R. 2264, 103d Cong., 1st Sess., tit. III,
14301 (Aug. 10, 1993) (signed into law). The impact of Empowerment zones is
unknown. Otto J. Hetzel, Washington's Labyrinthine Ways, 17 Urb., State & Local
Law Newsletter 11 (A.B.A. No. 1 Fall 1993). The limited subsidy is not without
criticism. See, e.g., Elizabeth Shogren, White House Fighting a Quiet War on
Poverty, L.A. Times, Nov. 28, 1993, at A1, A20 (proven failures according to
several conservative domestic policy analysts). But see Ellen P. Aprill,
Caution: Enterprise Zones, 66 S. Cal. L. Rev. 1341 (1993) (highly critical of
their use).




n83.  M. Adam Handler, Empowerment Zones and Other Business Incentives May
Provide Only Limited Benefits, 79 J. Tax'n 274 (1993) (shallow financing rather
than a few deep experiments); Avis C. Vidal, Reintegrating Disadvantaged
Communities into the Fabric of Urban Life: The Role of Community Development, 6
Housing Pol'y Debate 169 (1975) (guarded optimism of federal program but citing
a lack of clear evidence of the benefits under state programs, recognizing the
difficulty of success measurements). But see Clinton Calls for Second
Empowerment Zone Round, 23 Housing & Dev. Rep. 643 (1996) (citing $ 8 billion in
additional commitments of investment, including $ 2 billion in the Detroit zone,
President will seek funding for $ 2 billion in direct grants and tax incentives
to create zones in 105 additional communities).




n84.  E. Douglass Williams & Richard H. Sander, The Prospects for "Putting
America to Work" in the Inner City, 81 Geo. L.J. 2003 (1993). For an argument
that poverty cannot be abated by the market or current dominant economic
ideology, see Paul H. Brietzke, Urban Development and Human Development, 25 Ind.
L. Rev. 741 (1992) (Local government priorities for downtown monuments derive
from "edifice complex.").




n85.  Federal Role in Development to be Restructured, Says Bartsch, 22 Housing &
Dev. Rep. 457 (1994) (likely elimination of federal role in economic
development). For a description of federal aid for local community development,
see G. Edward DeSeve, Financing Urban Development: The Joint Effort of
Governments and the Private Sector, 488 Annals 59 (1986). For a general
description of revitalization strategies under federal and state programs, see
Charles E. Daye, Jr. et al., Housing and Community Development (2d ed. 1989);
Leslie Shipnuck et al., The People's Guide to Urban Renewal and Community
Development Programs (1974) (Chapter eleven covers housing and economic
development.). See also Lynne B. Sagalyn, Explaining the Improbable: Local
Redevelopment in the Wake of Federal Cutbacks, 56 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 429 (1990).




n86.  For a general discussion of pedestrian zones and public place design with
examples from across Europe, see Suzanne H. Crowhurst-Lennard & Henry L.
Lennard, Liveable Cities (1987).




n87.  Lester Rowntree, Creating a Sense of Place: The Evolution of Historic
Preservation of Salzburg, Austria, 8 J. Urb. Hist. 61 (1981) (yet experiencing
displacement of poor as in the case of preservation of the Marais district of
Paris and the Covent Garden neighborhood of London).




n88.  Rolf Monheim, Town and Transport Planning and the Development of Retail
Trade in Metropolitan Areas of West Germany, 22 Landscape & Urb. Plan. 121
(1992).




n89.  Id. at 130.




n90.  Id. at 251 (indicating some reduction in retail sales in adjacent areas).




n91.  Perhaps the uniqueness of Vienna is reflected in a fictional Friedrich
Nietzsche's quote of "where is there a Viennese who remembers there is space and
time outside of the Ringstrasse?" Irvin D. Yalom, When Nietzsche Wept 71 (1992).
The Ringstrasse is the boulevard that rings the historic city center now
virtually an exclusive pedestrian zone.




n92.  Jeffry M. Diefendorf, Planning Postwar Vienna, 8 Plan. Persp. 1, 16-17
(1993).




n93.  Danube City, with its exclusive commercial and office complex as well as
1,500 apartments, will have only 600 parking spaces as compared to a similar
American project requiring 10,000 spaces. By comparison, the County of Los
Angeles, reflecting unincorporated urban and suburban areas surrounding the City
of Los Angeles, requires a parking space for every 250 square feet of commercial
floor area, one for each 400 square feet of offices, one space for each three
potential occupants in entertainment and dining establishments, and two spaces
per unit for most housing except efficiency units. Los Angeles County, Cal.,
Code 22.52.1000, 22.52.1100, 22.52.1110, 22.52.1180 (1993). The City of Los
Angeles generally requires two spaces for each dwelling unit, 1.5 if less than
three habitable rooms, with a space for every 1,000 square feet of
nonresidential floor space. Los Angeles, Cal., Code 12.21(A)(4)(a),(c) (1995).




n94.  George Lefcoe, in commenting on a draft of this Article, pointed out that
cities must carefully consider development in terms of who is being served. He
posits that those visiting central business districts and regional or
neighborhood town centers are in search of entertainment. Whether in Europe or
the local American shopping mall, the public will only venture where a mixture
of entertainment opportunities are combined with shopping and other attractions,
such as the success in placing movie theaters in shopping malls. Those towns or
developments not attracting an acceptable crowd may have failed to incorporate a
sufficient choice of attractions. Vienna, for example, within the Ring, contains
attractions for every budget and age group, while Munich's old city center
contains a limited choice of evening entertainment attractions as compared with
its daytime crowds.




n95.  John Pucher, Urban Travel Behavior as the Outcome of Public Policy: The
Example of Modal-Split in Western Europe and North America, 54 J. Am. Plan.
Ass'n 509 (1988) (automobile 82.3% of trips in United States, 47.6% in West
Germany, 38.5% in Austria; public transport 3.4% in United States, 11.4% in West
Germany, 38.5% in Austria, bicycle 0.7% in United States, 9.6% in West Germany,
38.5% in Austria, with walking 10.7% in United States, 30.3% in West Germany,
and 31.2% in Austria, and recognizing that automobile alternatives reflect not
just subsidies, but relative costs and disparate development patterns). Robert
Cervero & Roger Gorham, Commuting in Transit Versus Automobile Neighborhoods, 61
J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 210, 212 (1995) (presently in pre-World War II San Francisco
neighborhoods originally designed around transit, 23% of trips on foot, 22% by
transit, while in newer auto-oriented neighborhoods only 9% on foot and 3% by
transit); Wulf Hulsmann, The 'Bicycle-Friendly Towns' Project in the Federal
Republic of Germany, in The Greening of Urban Transport: Planning for Walking
and Cycling in Western Cities 218 (Rodney Tolley ed., 1990) (bicycle accounts
for 11% of all journeys in Germany; Rosenheim, Germany has increased bicycle
modal share from 23% to 26%, with 57% of trips on foot, bicycle, or public
transit with a proper bicycle promotion policy costing, according to a formula
of population divided by 2.5 times DM1,000 or about $ 300 million for the city
and county of Los Angeles); James A. Kushner, Urban Transportation Planning, 4
Urb. L. & Pol'y 161 (1981); Gilbert P. Verbit, The Urban Transportation Problem,
124 U. Pa. L. Rev. 368 (1975). The United States is going in the other
direction. Between 1980 and 1990, 22 million new single occupant drivers were
added to the commute (while only 19 million new workers joined the commute
during the period) while transit lost 200,000 riders, four million stopped
carpooling, and 650,000 stopped walking to work. Department of Transportation,
Transportation Statistics: Annual Report 1994 at 53. See also Jane Jacobs, The
Death and Life of Great American Cities 354 (1961) (95% of travel in Los Angeles
by private automobile).




n96.  I spent some enjoyable time with residents of Munich who were certain that
the operators of my anecdotal automobiles were Austrian tourists.




n97.  Monheim, supra note 88, at 132-35.




n98.  Id. at 134-35.




n99.  Crowhurst-Lennard & Lennard, supra note 86, at 13.




n100.  Crowhurst-Lennard & Lennard, supra note 86, at 98 (Woonerf not so much an
auto-free policy as a traffic reduction or calming scheme often with mixed use
of street by pedestrians, children, and residents' automobiles); Eran
Ben-Joseph, Changing the Residential Street Scene: Adapting the Shared Street
(Woonerf) Concept to the Suburban Environment, 61 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 504 (1995);
Carl Hartman, Streets for the People Who Are on Foot, Wash. Post, July 21, 1979,
at E22 (Real Estate); Wolf Von Eckardt, Trying to Tame the Automobile, Time,
Oct. 12, 1981 (in West Germany Wohnbereiche describes the livable auto-free
zones). See also Donald Appleyard, Livable Streets (1981). But see Marcia D.
Lowe, Reclaiming Cities for People, USA Today, Jan. 1993, at 14. (pedestrian
zones successful in Boston, Boulder, and Ithaca, but some in declining towns or
in small cities lacking public transportation have not been effective).




n101.  See generally Kent A. Robertson, Downtown Redevelopment Strategies in the
United States, 61 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 429 (1995) (recounts early often failed
malls, the next generation of enclosed malls, and the need for a pervasive
pattern of pedestrian friendly public spaces around high density residential
development and reused public buildings).




n102.  Kushner, Growth Management, supra note 4, at 68. See also Frederick C.
Dock, Reinvesting in Transportation, in Reinventing Real Estate 64, 68 (1995)
(traffic calming seeks to control traffic speed so as to reflect the land uses
along the streets; speed of traffic would be controlled by and with the use of
physical devices (lane width variation, side treatments, channelization) and
enforcement to mirror the character of land uses along the street).




n103.  Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991, 23 U.S.C. 133
(Supp. IV 1992), 49 U.S.C. 101 (Supp. V 1993) (ISTEA funds may be used for
anything from access to public transit, construction of bikeways, and
improvement of pedestrian systems); Hank Dittmar, A Broader Context for
Transportation Planning: Not Just an End in Itself, 61 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 7
(1995) (Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 "ISTEA"). See
also 58 Fed. Reg. 62188 (1993) (ISTEA).




n104.  Robert Cervero, Transit-Supportive Development in the United States:
Experiences and Prospects (1994) [hereinafter Cervero, Development]
(demonstrating very low density in suburban areas where commuters reside);
Kushner, supra note 95, at 162. See also Robert Cervero, Congestion Relief: The
Land Use Alternative, 10 J. Plan. Educ. & Res. 119, 122, 124 (1991) [hereinafter
Cervero, Congestion] (transit requires densities of 50 workers per acre or a FAR
of 2.0, as compared to average suburban densities of 0.3 to 0.4; 20% increase in
floor space for retail use in office buildings generates a 4.5% increase in
trips by carpool, vanpool, and transit); Jose A. Gomez-Ibanez, A Dark Side to
Light Rail?: The Experience of Three New Transit Systems, 51 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n
337 (1985) (light rail in moderate size cities increases some ridership but at a
very high cost as compared to buses).




n105.  See Big-City Transit Ridership, Deficits, and Politics: Avoiding Reality
in Boston, 62 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 30 (1996) (need for subsidies will escalate to
make transit unaffordable unless land use controls including taxing automobile
usage).




n106.  Mark Alan Hughes, A Mobility Strategy for Improving Opportunity, 6
Housing Pol'y Debate 271 (1995) (arguing that transit access for central city
residents to suburban employment centers is the most promising strategy for
improving the economic conditions of the city).




n107.  See generally Kushner, supra note 95.




n108.  Robert Cervero, Land Use Mixing and Suburban Mobility, 42 Transp. Q. 429,
431, 432 (1988) [hereinafter Cervero, Land Use]. See also Robert Cervero,
Suburban Gridlock (1986) [hereinafter Cervero, Gridlock]; Lloyd W. Bookout, Jobs
and Housing: The Search for Balance, Urb. Land, Oct. 1990, at 5 (noting fast
rate of increase of nonwork-related travel as compared to work-related travel
and reporting a projected average speed on Los Angeles freeways in 2010 of 19
miles per hour); Janice Fillip, Uptown District, San Diego: Looking at the
Future of Mixed-Use Development in American Cities, Urb. Land, June 1990, at 2.




n109.  Cervero, Land Use, supra note 108, at 431, 432. See also Cervero,
Gridlock, supra note 108; Bookout, supra note 108 (noting fast rate of increase
of nonwork-related travel as compared to work-related travel and reporting a
projected average speed on Los Angeles freeways in 2010 of 19 miles per hour);
Cervero, Congestion, supra note 104; Fillip, supra note 108; Ruth Eckdish Knack,
BART's Village Vision, 61 Planning 18 (Jan. 1995) (mixed use higher density
residential development at Del Norte Place and Fruitvale stations highlighted).
Pasadena, California's Civic Center West will provide 374 dwelling units, 20%
for those of low income, with retail shopping and restaurants on the site of a
proposed light rail station, an exciting project for Los Angeles, with a
positive density of 80 dwelling units per acre, albeit of limited scale and
without an obvious jobs-access connection and lacking the German standard for
open space. Civic Center West Started, L.A. Times, May 13, 1993, pt. 2, at 2.
The City of Los Angeles is considering a comprehensive plan amendment to
increase housing densities along transportation corridors and around mass
transit stops. Aaron Curtiss, Panel Adopts City Blue Print for 21st Century
Development: Planning Commission Approves Document that Channels Growth into
Areas that Can Accommodate it, L.A. Times, July 28, 1995, at B1 (unanimous
approval of apartments above shops).




n110.  Cal. Gov't Code 65890.1-65890.2 (West Supp. 1993) (requiring state agency
preparation of guidebook and a study of its utilization as local decisionmaking
tool).




n111.  Michael Bernick, The Promise of California's Rail Transit Lines in the
Siting of Housing: A Special Report to Senate Transportation and Housing and
Urban Affairs Committees (1990) (techniques for higher residential density
around stops); Michael Bernick & Michael Carroll, A Study of Housing Built Near
Rail Transit Stations: Northern California (Univ. of Cal. at Berkeley Inst. of
Urb. & Regional Dev. Working Paper No. 546, 1991); Michael Bernick & Peter Hall,
The New Emphasis on Transit-Based Housing Throughout the United States (Univ. of
Cal. at Berkeley Inst. of Urb. & Regional Dev. Working Paper No. 580, 1992)
(warning that development around transit stops will not be of high density
without intervention of the regulating community); Michael Bernick et al., New
Planning Strategies for Transit-Based Housing in Northern California (Univ. of
Cal. at Berkeley Inst. of Urb. & Regional Dev. Working Paper No. 582, 1992);
Michael Bernick & Jason Munkres, Designing Transit-Based Communities (Univ. of
Cal. at Berkeley Inst. of Urb. & Regional Dev. 1992); Michael Bernick, Can't
Walk to Work? Then Walk to the Train, L.A. Times, May 4, 1993, at B7; Joel Glenn
Brenner, On U Street, A U-Turn to Renewal, Wash. Post, Nov. 6, 1993, at E1
(total transformation of deteriorated area with rehabilitation of housing and
business generating a lively night life and street scene said to be the new hub
of urban life in D.C. credited to location of subway stop); Joseph P. Griffith,
Living Near the Tracks is Gaining Cachet, N.Y. Times, May 12, 1991, 10, at 9;
Knack, supra note 109 ($ 475,000 in ISTEA funds used to study feasibility of a
transit oriented development at BART's Fruitvale Station). See also Peter Katz,
The New Urbanism: Toward an Architecture of Community (1994); Dock, supra note
102, at 69-70 (1995) (discussing New Urbanism, linking housing and alternative
modes of transportation to the automobile). But cf. Randall Crane, Cars and
Drivers in the New Suburbs: Linking Access to Travel in Neotraditional Planning,
62 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 51 (1996) (transit-linked "new suburbs" and techniques
such as traffic calming may not decrease automobile trips).




n112.  Oscar Newman, Defensible Space: A New Physical Planning Tool for Urban
Revitalization, 61 J. Am. Plan. Ass'n 149 (1995).




n113.  Jacobs, supra note 95, at 32-33; James Gerstenzang, Cars Make Suburbs
Riskier than Cities, Study Says, L.A. Times, Apr. 15, 1996, at A1 (more deaths
and injuries from cars in suburbs than from guns and drugs in urban settings in
study of Pacific Northwest by Alan Thein Durning, titled "The Car and the City,"
disclosing that urban deaths and injuries occurred in 1995 at a rate of 16 per
1,000 residents, while the rate was 19.2 in the suburbs; although crime deaths
were 10 per 1,000 in cities, and but 1 of 1,000 in suburbs, driving deaths and
injuries were 18.2 per 1,000 in suburbs as compared to 6 of 1,000 in urban
settings); Michael E. Lewyn, Are Spread Out Cities Really Safer? (Or, Is Atlanta
Safer than New York?), 41 Clev. St. L. Rev. 279 (1993).




n114.  Jacobs, supra note 95, at 36-37.




n115.  Glenn Yago, Urban Transportation Policy for Whom? Determinants and
Consequences of Transit Change in the United States and Germany, in Cities in
Recession: Critical Responses to the Urban Policies of the New Right 99, 116-117
(Ivan Szelenyi ed., 1984).




n116.  Interestingly, Germany is the home of zoning, Frankfurt having adopted a
comprehensive zoning scheme in the late nineteenth century. 8 Eugene McQuillin,
The Law of Municipal Corporations 25.03, at 10 n. 4 (3d ed. 1976), cited in
Linda Wintner, Note, An Argument for Antitrust Attack on Exclusionary Zoning, 50
Brook. L. Rev. 1035, 1046 n.75 (1984).




n117.  Peter Calthorpe, The Next American Metropolis: Ecology, Community, and
the American Dream (1993); Anthony Downs, New Visions for Metropolitan America
(1994); Kushner, supra note 95.




n118.  Dittmar, supra note 103 (Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act
of 1991 "ISTEA"). The Republican budget bill vetoed by President Clinton would
have cut $ 284 million in mass transit capital grants together with cuts of $ 7
billion in housing assistance, $ 272 million in youth job training, and $ 210
million from the National Service Program. Paul Richter, Clinton's 1st Veto
Kills GOP Spending Cut Bill, L.A. Times, June 8, 1995, at A1, A19.




n119.  Kristine M. Williams, ISTEA: New Directions for Transportation, Land Use
L. & Zoning Dig., July 1993, at 3 (describing the Intermodal Surface
Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 and criticizing it for failure to
integrate land use policy). See also Robert Cervero, Responding to Changing
Commuter Markets: Preserving Mobility Through Public and Private Initiatives
(Univ. of Cal. at Berkeley Inst. of Urb. & Regional Dev. Working Paper No. 460,
1987) (describing broad range of strategies to accommodate new patterns of
commuting, particularly inter-suburban commutes by middle class workers);
Cervero, Congestion, supra note 104; Anthony Downs, Stuck in Traffic 98 (1992)
(Strategies to mitigate jobs-housing imbalance include blocking the creation of
jobs in area with a surplus of jobs and a deficit of housing and limiting
current patterns of residential suburbanization.); Wolfgang Zuckerman, End of
the Road: The World Car Crisis and How We Can Solve It (1991) (indictment of
automobile dependent transportation network); Cervero, Land Use, supra note 108;
Robert Cervero, Managing the Traffic Impacts of Suburban Office Growth, 38
Transp. Q. 533 (1984) (mitigation strategies); Alexandra D. Dawson,
Transportation Enhancements Under ISTEA: A Once-in-a-Lifetime Chance for
Planners, 19 Zoning & Plan. L. Rep. 1 (1996); Robert H. Freilich & S. Mark
White, Transportation Congestion and Growth Management: Comprehensive Approaches
to Resolving America's Major Quality of Life Crisis, 24 Loy. L.A. L. Rev. 915
(1991) (advocating adequacy of facilities ordinances to restrict development
that would exceed average street congestion standards as an alternative to
programs to reduce trips, reduce trips in particular directions, programs to
encourage modal splits or the use of mass transit and other automobile
alternatives, or the use of off-peak hour trips); Jeremy A. Gibson, The Roads
Less Traveled? Motoring and the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, Nat. Resources
& Env't, Fall 1992, at 13; Penny Mintz, Transportation Alternatives Within the
Clean Air Act: A History of Congressional Failure to Effectuate and
Recommendations for the Future, 3 N.Y.U. Envtl. L.J. 156 (1994); Edith M. Netter
& Jay Wickersham, Driving to Extremes: Planning to Minimize the Air Pollution
Impacts of Cars and Trucks (Parts I & II), 16 Zoning & Plan. L. Rep. 145, 154
(1993); C. Kenneth Orski, Can Management of Transportation Demand Help Solve Our
Growing Traffic Congestion and Air Pollution Problems?, 44 Transp. Q. 483
(1990); Philip Weinberg, Public Transportation and Clean Air: Natural Allies, 21
Envtl. L. 1527 (1991); Robert E. Yuhnke, The Amendments to Reform Transportation
Planning in the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, 5 Tul. Envtl. L.J. 239 (1991).




n120.  James A. Kushner, Apartheid in America (1980); Kushner, supra note 95.




n121.  Stephen Brook, Vanished Empire 28 (1988).




n122.  1926-1930 (1,300 units). Dennis Rodkins, Vienna Builds for the People as
They Did in the Twenties, Austrian Architects are Creating Avant-Garde Visions
of Affordability and Style, Metropolis, Dec. 1991, at 13.




n123.  Brook, supra note 121.




n124.  City of Los Angeles, Comprehensive Housing Affordability Strategy
1980-1990 (1991) (31,789 total units over ten year study period).




n125.  Robert W. Burchell & David Listokin, Influences on United States Housing
Policy, 6 Housing Pol'y Debate 559 (1995) (from 1980 to 1990 new budgetary
authority for subsidized housing in the United States fell by 60% - $ 25 billion
to $ 10 billion, and subsidized housing starts fell by 90% - 175,000 to 20,000);
James E. Wallace, Financing Affordable Housing in the United States, 6 Housing
Pol'y Debate 785, 794-95 (1995) (in 1992, 5,000 units of public housing, 7,300
202 handicapped housing, 14,900 rural rental housing, 8,300 HOME
(homeownership), 7,000 Nehemiah urban homeownership, 25,000 rural homeownership,
and 44,400 under low income housing tax credit produced).




n126.  Monheim, supra note 88, at 128 (1.3 million residents, 2.2 in
metropolitan region). By comparison, Salzburg has a population of 150,000 and
seems to double or triple on weekends and over the summer and holidays with
tourists. Crowhurst-Lennard & Lennard, supra note 86, at 118.




n127.  Theodor Tomandl & Karl Fuerboeck, Social Partnership: The Austrian System
of Industrial Relations and Social Insurance 62-142 (1986) (describing social
programs and social insurance, warning of rising unemployment and rising demand
for welfare as the population ages).




n128.  Charles Lane & Theresa Waldrop, Is Europe's Social-Welfare State Headed
for the Deathbed?, Newsweek, Aug. 23, 1993, at 37 (Germany cutting back on
generous 50% maximum income tax bracket-funded social programs for health,
unemployment, retirement, child care, and housing, as well as extensive farm
subsidies).




n129.  Rodkins, supra note 122, at 17. There does exist evidence that West
Germany as well as other areas of Western Europe are experiencing heightened
racial or ethnic segregation in social housing.




n130.  Kushner, supra note 120.




n131.  Id.




n132.  Rodkins, supra note 122 (Hundertwasser House by Friedensreich
Hundertwasser); Brook, supra note 121, at 29 (Hundertwasser Haus shows that even
so vast a bureaucracy as the Vienna City Council can use imagination as well as
accountancy in the running of the city); Crowhurst-Lennard & Lennard, supra note
86, at 26-27 (Hundertwasser House as the essence of humor ... inviting
recognition and participation). See generally Architecture in Vienna (Johann
Georg Gsteu et al. eds., 2d. English ed. 1992) (Hundertwasser House and also
including such projects as Angeligasse Housing Complex by Harry Gluck, "Living
With Children" apartments by Ottokar Uhl, Karl-Marx-Hof by Karl Ehn, and the
multi-architect designed Werkbund Housing Estate).




n133.  Brook, supra note 121, at 30.




n134.  Kushner, supra note 95.




n135.  Paul Feldman, Home Ownership Seen as an Antidote to Blight, L.A. Times,
Apr. 15, 1994, at B1. The Clinton Administration appears to reflect a
homeownership preference in proposing Homeownership Zones in central cities and
utilizing 8 rental subsidies for mortgages. Melissa Healy, HUD Plan Envisions
Inner-City Suburbias, L.A. Times, Feb. 1, 1996, at A13.




n136.  See also Brook, supra note 121 (contemporary Vienna); Paul Hofmann, The
Viennese: Splendor, Twilight and Exile (1992) (historical and critical yet
colorful history of Vienna's inhabitants).




n137.  The built recreational island in the Danube excludes automobiles and is
covered by contoured hillsides, beaches, open green space, and bicycle paths. In
addition, all commercial transport on the Danube, as well as most of the river's
current, travels on the Vienna side, and on the Alta Danube, Danube City and UNO
city side, the water is quite blue.




n138.  See Mark Francis et al., Community Open Spaces: Greening Neighborhoods
Through Community Action and Land Conservation (1984) (describing growing
movement in the United States to develop community open spaces patterned on
successful European experiences, and describing German parks as well as those in
other European nations).




n139.  A similar pattern is found in Stockholm and Berlin. Kushner, A Tale of
Three Cities, supra note 4.




n140.  Id. at 205-06; George Lefcoe, The Right to Develop Land: The German and
Dutch Experience, 56 Or. L. Rev. 31, 40-46 (1977); Thomas J. Schoenbaum,
Planning and Land Development Law in the Federal Republic of Germany, 54 Tul. L.
Rev. 624, 642-47 (1980). For a further overview of the German land development
and planning process, see generally Rudolf Dolzer, Property and Environment: The
Social Obligation Inherent in Ownership 33-46 (1976) (social obligation of land
ownership with respect to building laws); George Lefcoe, Land Development in
Crowded Places 45 (1979) (characterizes German state planning as largely
ineffective outside of resolving disputes between localities); U.N. Economic
Comm'n for Europe, Housing, Building and Planning in the Federal Republic of
Germany (1981); Paul DeStefano, West Germany: A Retreat from Public Development
to Taxation, in The Government Land Developers 107 (Neal Alison Roberts ed.,
1977); K.R. Kunzmann, The Federal Republic of Germany, in Planning in Europe 8
(R.H. Williams ed., 1984); Lefcoe, supra, at 35, 37, 40-41 (land development
policy a local affair in Germany, with German planning minimal, the Federal
Republic limiting sprawl by encouraging well-defined urban boundaries,
discouraging premature suburbs by requiring costly, detailed plans with
conversion of agricultural land only if absolutely needed, preserving
landscapes, and cities authorized to preserve agricultural land for that use);
Norman Wengert, Land Use Planning and Control in the German Federal Republic, 15
Nat. Resources J. 511 (1975).




n141.  Frederick J. Turner, The Significance of the Frontier in American History
(1893), in Frederick J. Turner, The Frontier in American History 1 (1920, 1947
ed.); John W. Ragsdale, Jr. & Richard P. Sher, The Court's Role in the Evolution
of Power Over Land, 7 Urb. Law. 60 (1975).




n142.  Deborah Boerner-Ein, At Play in L.A., Am. Forests, November, 1991, at 49
(at 4,063 acres, Griffith Park is one of the nation's largest municipal parks,
albeit a small portion of city real estate). See also Witold Rybczynski, City
Life 125-26 (1995) (at about 3,800 acres, Philadelphia's Fairmount Park ranked
as the largest urban park in the United States).




n143.  Frank Clifford, Happy 100th Birthday to the 'Resort for the Rank and File
of the Plain People,' L.A. Times, Mar. 17, 1996, (Magazine), at 11, 12 (over six
square miles, five times as large as New York City's Central Park); Kushner, A
Tale of Three Cities supra note 4, at 213. See also Anastasia Loukaitou-Sideris,
Privatisation of Public Open Space, J. Regional Sci., May 1993, at 139, 141
(Since Proposition 13, per capita spending on public parks shrank by 16.9% from
1979-1984. Statewide 41% of park districts have either eliminated facilities or
reduced hours. The City of Los Angeles closed 24 recreation centers in 1981,
while funds for the remaining 154 have been reduced.).




n144.  Kushner, A Tale of Three Cities, supra note 4, at 213. See also Kushner,
supra note 95; John Pastier, New Open Space in L.A., Landscape Architecture, May
1984, at 42 (two-thirds of downtown used to move and store cars with surface
lots supplying much of the parking).




n145.  Loukaitou-Sideris, supra note 143, at 139, 151-52, 158. See also Pastier,
supra note 144, at 42-43 (new open spaces on west side where pedestrian activity
subdued while east of Pershing Square sidewalks are teeming while the three
newest open spaces are tiny, inadequately planted, fenced, and often locked;
Grand Hope Park, the residue of the 1972 plan for a nine block, 80-acre green
space forming the heart of a new residential quarter on the southern edge of
downtown, but as built the park is 2.5 acres).




n146.  Loukaitou-Sideris, supra note 143, at 153-54 (high enclosing walls, blank
facades, distancing from street, deemphasis of street-level accesses, and major
entrances through parking structures, disconnecting the space from the
surrounding city fabric, as segregated as other parts of urban form;
inappropriate play spaces for children, no grass for couples to lie on, or large
groups to congregate; designers seek to create settings for an exclusive class
of user with materials and design to impress and promote the feeling of
affluence; design characteristics serve objectives of control, protection,
social filtering, image generation, and manipulation of user behavior; security
policies of excluding bag-ladies, the homeless, street vendors, musicians and
public performances, noisy teenagers and children, picnicking, those with unique
attire, or the engaging in expressive activities, policies driven by owners'
concern for maintenance, liability, and marketability). See also Rybczynski,
supra note 142, at 209-210 (the popularity of private enclosed American malls is
due to their being perceived as public spaces where rules of personal conduct
are enforced, like city streets used to be, free of boorish adolescents, noisy
drunks, and aggressive panhandlers); Pastier, supra note 144, at 42 (Pershing
Square, rebuilt for $ 14.5 million and the downtown's most striking open space,
lacks grass and public toilets to discourage the homeless). Compare Jacobs,
supra note 95, at 152 (the first condition for creating exuberant diversity in
city streets and open spaces is multiple use at different times) with the
frequent dedication of Los Angeles urban open space for lunching professionals).




n147.  Pastier, supra note 144, at 43.




n148.  Id. (cityscape reflects that downtown money and clout concentrated on the
west side of downtown). See also Loukaitou-Sideris, supra note 143, at 158.




n149.  Frank Ansuini, Inc. v. City of Cranston, 264 A.2d 910 (R.I. 1970)
(across-the-board 7% of subdivision dedication requirement for park a taking),
cited with apparent approval Dolan v. Tigard, 512 U.S. 374, 389 n.7 (1994), and
accord J.E.D. Assocs., Inc. v. Atkinson, 432 A.2d 12 (N.H. 1981).




n150.  Julian Barnes, Tunnel, in Cross Channel 189, 207-08 (1996). My thanks to
George Lefcoe for bringing the excellent review of Mr. Barnes' book to my
attention. Michiko Kakutani, Fictional Fiction Writer Demonstrates His Magic,
N.Y. Times, Apr. 16, 1996, at C15.


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail Times

                             May 23, 2012 Wednesday

West Wimmera has recently had a lot of exposure

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 389 words


West Wimmera has recently had a lot of exposure in the press regarding the sale
of a large tract of land in our shire at Telopea Downs.

The main talking point has been that the land was purchased by an overseas
investment company, Hassad Australia.

As mayor, my phone was running hot with many calls from the press wanting to
push the negative aspects of foreign land ownership.

I believe that the reality is that this investment will have positive outcomes
for West Wimmera and for the investment company.

Hassad Australia is well placed to invest capital to bring about significant
improvements and increase of productivity to the area.

They have a 'buy local' strategy which will certainly assist other local
businesses and wherever possible look to using local contractors and local
people to fill job vacancies.

Telopea Downs is a strong but small community.

Much of the land is owned by absentee farmers and as farms have grown larger,
the population as become smaller and houses have been left empty.

The investments that Hassad Australia will put into his area will hopefully
change that trend and be of great benefit to Telopea Downs and the surrounding
area.

This type of investment has been available for Australian investment companies
as well as overseas investment companies; however, no-one in Australia has taken
the opportunity.

As a shire with the pressures of a large geographic area and small population,
this type of investment is welcomed.

We are planning to meet with the operations manager of Hassad Australia in early
June to welcome the business to the shire and have discussions around how we can
all work together so not only Hassad wins but also our communities and the shire
as a whole.

Rural shires constantly face the same challenges; how do we attract business
investment and industry to our rural areas, particularly when the State
Government seems to focus mostly around the regional centres.

This economic development dilemma is one that West Wimmera will be working
through in the coming months.

As a shire we are positive to the opportunities and growth ahead for Telopea
Downs, for our shire and for our region and look to putting together a strategy
that will attract industry and business to our shire.

After all, it is a wonderful place not only to live, work and retire but also to
grow a successful business.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Business expo set for Townsville

BYLINE: By ERIC TAPAKAU

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 333 words


THE Investment Promotion Authority in collaboration with the Business Council of
Papua New Guinea and AUSTRADE have started preparations into the 26th Australia-
Papua New Guinea Business Forum & Trade Expo to be held in Townsville, Australia
from 16 to 18.

The event this year will again feature the exhibition component of the forum
which was initiated in 2007 and aimed at giving companies an opportunity to
market their products known to existing and potential clients in either country
and also to broaden their business relationships.

The forum is a major annual bilateral business meeting where participants learn
about business opportunities and network with senior policy makers and senior
business people from both countries. The program includes an overview of the
political and economic climate, especially issues which affect business and
investment, and will include specific sessions by expert presenters on doing
business in PNG including topics such as agriculture, mining and resources,
education, infrastructure, rural development. The Investment Promotion Authority
in conjunction with AUSTRADE will co-sponsor the Forum and the Trade Expo and
are currently inviting local companies to participate as an exhibitor during the
three-day event.

Interested participants should contact the IPA 308 4444 or 321 7311 to get more
information and also for registration.

Registration forms can also be downloaded from the IPA website on
www.ipa.gov.pg.

Meanwhile, the Townsville Chamber of Commerce plans to explore business
opportunities in Papua New Guinea (PNG) when the APNGBC forum is underway next
month.

The Townsville Bulletin reported that the chamber is preparing for next months
Australia- Papua New Guinea Trade Forum.

What flows from that is infrastructure, probably rural development and
agriculture and I think Papua New Guinea because of those major projects in the
resources sector, theres also a training and education need, Townsville Chamber
of Commerce president John Carey said.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            May 15, 2002, Wednesday

Farmers, miners to boost investment

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 120 words


AUSTRALIAN business investment is forecast to jump by 12 per cent next financial
year, according to Budget papers released last night, with rural and mining
industries expected to lead the investment charge.

"The subdued business investment levels of the last two years have resulted in
above-average capacity utilisation, particularly in the mining industry," the
documents say.

The government is forecasting that new investment in machinery and equipment
will increase by 12 per cent in 2002-03 following anticipated growth of around 3
per cent this year.

Low interest rates, a competitive exchange rate, reduced company taxes and
above-average levels of profitability also had underpinned confidence.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Milton Canadian Champion

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Milton chamber to province: support expansion of Internet access now

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 337  words


The Milton Chamber of Commerce is calling on the province to support expanded
broadband Internet access, particularly in underserved areas like rural Milton.

The sentiment is contained in the 2017 prebudget submission the local chamber
released for Feb. 16, in partnership with the Ontario Chamber of Commerce (OCC).

The document contains four key budget priorities and 13 specific recommendations
the chambers want Queen's Park to adopt "to restore fiscal balance and spur
economic growth," says a press release from the Milton chamber.

Specifically, the local chamber is looking for immediate support for expanded
broadband access, and for the provincial government to demonstrate fiscal
prudence and sound budget management.

"Many parts of Milton - especially our rural areas - do not have adequate
Internet service, and this compromises the ability for our businesses to compete
in today's digital economy," said Milton chamber chair Teresa Fujarczuk.

The chamber has already been calling on the province to allow businesses,
particularly those in areas underserved by Internet access, to compete in the
technology-driven economy through expanded broadband access. The issue was
originally raised and passed as a policy resolution at the OCC's annual general
meeting.

The prebudget submission also asks the government to send a clear message of
fiscal stability by balancing the 2017 to 2018 provincial budget.

According to the Milton chambers's release, such action would result in a more
attractive environment for business investment and growth, as well as confront
the challenge of mounting input costs, like electricity prices.

"The government of Ontario must ensure that it utilizes the budget as a tool for
economic growth to support Ontario businesses," said Allan O'Dette, president
and CEO of the OCC. "Government must do more to reduce the costs of doing
business in Ontario, support strategic infrastructure development and strengthen
its efforts to bolster business competitiveness that allows communities to
thrive."

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2001 Seton Hall University Law Center
                         Seton Hall Legislative Journal

                                      2001

                          25 Seton Hall Legis. J. 429

LENGTH: 11412 words

NOTE: AN ATTEMPTED REVOLUTION IN NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING: THE NATIVE AMERICAN
HOUSING ASSISTANCE AND SELF-DETERMINATION ACT

NAME: George H. Cortelyou*

BIO: * Student at Seton Hall University School of Law, J.D. anticipated May
2002. Mr. Cortelyou has also authored the book Along the Power Axis: A Journey
through American Politics and Culture (2001).

TEXT:
 [*429]

   I. Introduction

 Home has a special place in all cultures, including Native American cultures.
n1 To most Americans it does not seem unusual to  [*430]  live in a home that is
structurally sound or has enough room for everyone, complete plumbing,
electricity, and a telephone. On reservations these basic amenities are hard for
Native Americans n2 to come by. n3 Many reservations resemble Third World
nations, because unemployment, economic depression, and inadequate housing
produce conditions that few non-Indians experience. n4 Almost a century and a
half ago, the federal government compelled Native Americans to leave their
homelands for reservations under treaties which promised that the United States
would be their trustee and act in their benefit. n5 Only five years ago,
however, the federal government fulfilled its trust duty to find Native
Americans new homes by passing the Native American Housing Assistance and
Self-Determination Act of 1996 n6 (NAHASDA)  [*431]  to assist tribes with
affordable housing. n7

   NAHASDA attempts to remedy the acute housing problems that Native Americans
face n8 by severing them from non-Indian urban housing programs n9 and
recognizing that tribes are sovereign Nations with separate and unique needs.
n10 To do so, NAHASDA consolidates prior low-income housing programs into a
single block grant that tribes spend where they see fit n11 and it empowers
tribes to access private lenders through housing loan guarantees and increased
leasehold terms for mortgages. n12

   This note inquires into whether NAHASDA overcomes the barriers to affordable
housing for low-income Native Americans. Though NAHASDA broke the status quo of
failed housing policies, n13 Native Americans must still find "creative
solutions" to meet their needs because NAHASDA was not a panacea for affordable
housing. n14 This note concludes that NAHASDA succeeded in part but failed
overall because of inadequate funding, its inability to stimulate private
[*432]  lenders' participation, and its failure to address the economic crisis
underlying the housing problem. n15

   II. Reservation Economies and the Need for Affordable Housing

 Homeownership is valuable to economic development on reservations because home
equity amounts to capital for business, investments, and education, but
unfortunately those opportunities are limited. n16 According to Senator John
McCain, "Statistics do not reveal adequately the situations that exist on Indian
reservations across the country today." n17 Reservation economies are extremely
depressed due to their placement on generally remote, marginal lands with few
natural resources. n18 To illustrate the absence of reservation infrastructure,
the  [*433]  Navajo reservation is about the size of West Virginia, but it has
2,000 miles of paved roads while West Virginia has 18,000. n19 As a stark
example of reservation poverty, when President Clinton invited all 547 federally
recognized tribes to a summit at the White House in 1994, over 40 percent of
tribes could not afford to send a representative and some tribes spent half
their annual tribal budgets to do so. n20 Contrary to the popular myth that
Indian gaming made tribes wealthy, few tribes have tried it and fewer still
succeeded. n21 When President Clinton visited  [*434]  these reservations five
years later, little had changed. n22

   Indeed, little has changed for Native American housing, which is 50 years
behind its non-Indian counterparts. n23 About 20 percent of Native American
homes lack complete plumbing facilities, which was the same level for non-Indian
homes in the 1950s. n24 Native American amenities are also years behind.
Eighteen percent of Native American homes lack complete kitchens, 53 percent
lack a telephone, and one-third use wood for heat - the same levels for
non-Indians before and during the 1950s. n25 Nearly 10 percent of Native
Americans face the Census Bureau's "worst case scenario": both overcrowding and
insufficient plumbing. n26 Native Americans need an estimated 200,000  [*435]
housing units. n27

   III. Background and Legal Concepts



In carrying out its treaty obligations with the Indian tribes, the Government is
something more than a mere contracting party. Under a humane and self-imposed
policy which has found expression in many acts of Congress and numerous
decisions of this Court, it has charged itself with moral obligations of the
highest responsibility and trust. n28

 The federal government stands in a trust relationship with Native Americans
that has all the attributes of a traditional trust, including fiduciary duties.
n29 Traditional property law principles like adverse possession, laches,
statutes of limitation, and estoppel are inapplicable to land held in trust for
Native Americans. n30 These legal limitations frighten away potential lenders
and mortgagors who feel they cannot  [*436]  use the land as collateral and are
thus without legal recourse upon default. n31 Lenders are also frightened away
because the Bureau of Indian Affairs ("BIA") must certify a title status report
evaluating the current ownership of any trust land before it can be encumbered.
n32

   Though trust status is meant to protect Native Americans, it strains their
relationship with the federal government because they are treated as "domestic
dependent nations;" i.e., sovereign wards of a guardian. n33 The federal
government intended the reservation system to continue Native American
possession of the lands held in trust for them, but reservations became a
vehicle for "civilizing" tribes or worse. n34  [*437]  Although the BIA
administers the trust corpus lands for their benefit, n35 Native Americans doubt
its practices due to a long history of financial mismanagement. n36 Even when
trust management is delegated to states, millions of dollars in trust have
disappeared. n37 Successful legislation for  [*438]  Native Americans must
include accountability to them or recognition of their sovereignty. n38

   The policies the federal government adopted for Native Americans devastated
their health, housing, and culture. n39 Congress believed that  [*439]  Native
Americans practiced "savagism" in their communal ownership of land n40 and that
individual ownership would turn them into prosperous middle class farmers. n41
The result was that by 1934 the Secretary of the Interior had sold two-thirds of
all Native American lands to non-Indian homesteaders. n42 Congressional policy
also complicated leasing and title searches of Native American lands
tremendously. n43

   It was not until NAHASDA that Native Americans could apply to programs that
were specifically designed for them, unavailable to non-Indians, and not
extensions of existing programs. n44 There was, for  [*440]  example, the United
States Housing Act of 1937 (the 1937 Housing Act), which created the Low Rent
Public Housing Program for low-and moderate-income families. n45 The 1937
Housing Act, however, created legal tensions and public planning disasters in
Native American communities. n46 In 1964, HUD and the BIA developed the Mutual
Help Homeownership Program. n47 Its 1976 replacement, the Mutual Help  [*441]
Homeownership and Opportunity Program, n48 was considered a success because it
made homeownership possible for many Native American families. n49 HUD also
developed the Modernization Program in 1968 to assist Native Americans replace
or improve deteriorating housing n50 and established two block grant programs,
the Indian Community Development Block Grant and the HOME Investment
Partnership. n51 In addition, a variety of federal mortgage programs served
Native American housing needs. n52 Nevertheless, lenders made a total of only
[*442]  ninety-one home purchase loans between 1992 and 1996 to Native Americans
on reservations, eighty of which were to members of just two tribes. n53

   IV. The Ingredients of a Successful Housing Program

 The trust relationship between the federal government and Native Americans
provides Congress with guidance in legislating for them. n54  [*443]  At
minimum, NAHASDA must include accountability to them in recognition of their
sovereignty. n55 Moreover, NAHASDA must be flexible enough to accommodate the
variety of climates Native Americans live in and their cultural values. n56
Traditional Native American home designs are particularly rich and are central
to a tribe's identity. n57 Uniform public housing and building codes designed
for  [*444]  cities fail on remote reservations because of their climate and
geography. n58 Consequently, NAHASDA cannot apply cookie-cutter solutions to
Native American housing. n59

   NAHASDA must also overcome the traditional barriers to housing development on
reservations in order to meet the needs of low-income Native Americans. Poverty
impacts at all levels of the lending process and it is arguably the single most
important factor in access to loans. n60  [*445]  Native Americans lack
homebuyer education and credit counseling, so they are unaware of financial
resources; n61 and for those who are aware, racial discrimination regularly
stymies their attempts to obtain loans. n62 Distance from lenders also impacts
greatly on the lending process as to home-buyer education, language barriers,
and the absence of infrastructure for development in tribal areas. n63 Tribal
law is generally  [*446]  inadequate to provide lenders with mortgage remedies
upon default n64 and tribal land is held in trust, which prohibits alienation,
complicates leases, and discourages lenders concerned about foreclosure. n65
Lastly, the BIA must approve any mortgage or title insurance before it can be
issued on trust lands, thus creating processing delays. n66

   V. NAHASDA and How It Works

   A. Statutory Provisions

 To accomplish affordable housing for low-income Native Americans, NAHASDA has
two essential aims: to open the door to private lending and to merge federal
Indian housing programs into a single flexible block grant, which tribes n67 may
use according to their needs, thus recognizing tribal self-determination and
sovereignty. n68 As  [*447]  originally passed, n69 NAHASDA is organized into
seven titles. n70

   Under Title I, tribes design their own housing plan and send it to the
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development (Secretary) n71 whom NAHASDA
authorizes to make block grants directly to tribes. n72 Alternatively, a tribe
may form a tribally designated housing entity (TDHE) n73 to submit plans and
receive block grants on its behalf. n74 The housing plan consists of a one-year
plan and a five-year plan which include the tribe's objectives, housing needs,
an account of outside financial resources, and a certificate of compliance with
federal non-discrimination statutes. n75 Upon the Secretary's approval, the
housing funds are distributed. n76 The following year, tribes must submit
another  [*448]  housing plan to obtain the next annual block grant. n77 Title I
also describes the negotiated rulemaking committee of tribal and HUD
representatives from "geographically diverse small, medium, and large Indian
tribes" in recognition of Native American diversity, n78 who establish the
regulations for implementing NAHASDA. n79

   The Secretary must review housing plans for compliance, n80 and if a tribe or
its TDHE has performed poorly under housing programs before NAHASDA, HUD
monitors it more closely. n81 If a tribe is "substantially noncompliant,"
NAHASDA authorizes HUD to reduce or eliminate funding, replace the tribal
housing entity, n82 or render technical assistance. n83 NAHASDA originally had a
compliance waiver relieving small tribes of technical burdens. n84 Title I also
originally included a controversial provision n85 prohibiting block grants to
tribes unless they submitted a certificate of compliance with the Davis-Bacon
Act in their housing plan n86 and conducted an environmental review. n87 Another
[*449]  controversial provision denied block grants to recipients who paid taxes
to any political body, including tribal governments, or who did not pay
utilities under a local cooperation agreement. n88

   Title II establishes basic qualifications for block grant funding and defines
the funded activities, n89 the most significant of which include buying,
building, or improving homes as well as funding services like counseling and
crime prevention. n90 The grant recipient must assist low-income Native American
families, n91 defined as those earning 80 percent of the local median income or
less. n92 Housing units may only be sold or  [*450]  rented to low-income
families for their entire useful life. n93 Title II also mandates rent ceilings,
homebuyer payment caps, n94 insurance coverage, n95 and fair lease terms. n96

   The negotiated rulemaking committee of HUD and tribal representatives draft
the allocation formula governed by Title III, n97 which the Secretary uses to
calculate the amount of the block grants. n98 The committee is required to
consider a number of factors reflecting a tribe's needs including poverty, other
available housing funds, the number of units it manages, and its ability to
administer the plan, n99 but not a tribe's performance prior to NAHASDA. n100 A
complex formula for determining the funding in each block grant resulted. n101
Title III  [*451]  originally had a "safety net" provision to prevent allocating
less funding than in 1996. n102

   Title IV specifies the procedures for tribal compliance and reporting. n103
If a tribe fails to comply with NAHASDA, the Secretary can terminate the block
grants, reduce them by the amount not expended, limit their permitted uses, or
replace the TDHE. n104 If the Secretary feels that the tribe has not complied
substantially, the Secretary may refer the matter to the Attorney General who
may bring a civil action. n105 On the other hand, a tribe that wants to review
the Secretary's funding limitation or termination must petition the federal
appeals courts. n106 If the tribe could not comply merely for technical
incapacity, the Secretary may assist the tribe to better comply. n107

   Title V repeals housing assistance to Native Americans under  [*452]  the
1937 Housing Act, n108 the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act,
the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974, and the Stewart B. McKinney
Homeless Assistance Act. n109

   Title VI allows grant recipients to apply for loan guarantees backed by the
full faith and credit of the United States. n110 The tribe or its TDHE may
guarantee a loan up to five times the amount of its block grant. n111 Tribes may
use NAHASDA grants to repay the loan. n112 The Secretary can guarantee up to $
400 million per year and $ 2 billion total over five years. n113 Title VI also
requires the Secretary to educate Native Americans about the loan guarantees.
n114

   Finally, Title VII increases leasehold terms up to 50 years to encourage
private lending. n115 Title VII also allows funds for a national organization to
provide training and technical assistance to Native American housing authorities
and housing entities. n116

   B. NAHASDA's Success

 Of the 575 tribal housing entities, 97 percent met the first housing plan
submission deadline of July 1, 1998, n117 and by September 30[su'th'], HUD
distributed nearly all of the NAHASDA block grants, totaling $ 550 million. n118
While the number of housing units developed or planned under the 1937 Housing
Act was 2,000 annually, NAHASDA built 6,000 in its first year. n119 By January
2001, 25,000 housing units  [*453]  were planned or produced under the Act. n120
Of the 77 tribes the National American Indian Housing Council surveyed, 84
percent said NAHASDA was an improvement over earlier housing programs. n121
Interestingly, tribal housing entities performed better than HUD in accurately
implementing NAHASDA. n122

   NAHASDA also successfully marked the first time Congress recognized that HUD
urban housing was inappropriate for tribes on reservations. n123 Congress
promoted NAHASDA as an historic step in its relations with Native Americans by
extending fundamental American rights to them. n124 Tribes are sovereigns, whom
NAHASDA respects by allowing them to structure their own programs and take
responsibility for the results. n125 The Act further anticipates the problem of
friction  [*454]  between tribes and their housing authorities by providing for
tribal review of plans before submission. n126 Moreover, NAHASDA used community
planning and development to ameliorate reservation economies. n127 Title VI loan
guarantees are NAHASDA's most important provision, because tribes can use it to
clear their waiting lists quickly. n128 NAHASDA also successfully simplified the
process of acquiring housing funds by substituting a single block grant for
numerous housing programs. n129 The trust relationship guided Congress to serve
Native American needs better and to help them achieve self-sufficiency, n130
ultimately improving the relationship between the two  [*455]  governments. n131
NAHASDA's success is key to congressional reauthorization of the Act in 2001,
which would cement its place in the landscape of Native American housing. n132

   VI. The Implementation of NAHASDA Shows Its Shortcomings

 Unfortunately a General Accounting Office study found that the most significant
barriers to Native American home lending still existed after NAHASDA. n133
Housing is inextricably tied to poverty, desolation,  [*456]  and the absence of
infrastructure, which NAHASDA does not improve. n134 In implementing NAHASDA,
HUD also restricted some provisions and added terms. n135 One very significant
implementation failure was a lack of publicity or regulations for its guaranteed
loan provisions. n136 Three years passed before HUD issued regulations for Title
VI guarantees, and HUD refused to consult tribes under negotiated rulemaking
after the initial 1998 regulations. n137 In addition, Congress  [*457]  did not
adequately fund NAHASDA to meet tribes' needs though it increased the number of
tribes receiving funds. n138 Even before NAHASDA was enacted, it was called a
"Band-Aid solution," because without increases in funding, it changes nothing.
n139 Welfare reform further strains NAHASDA funding by removing funds Native
Americans relied on and forcing some back onto reservations. n140 Though NAHASDA
built 25,000 housing units with $ 650 million in the last fiscal year 2001,
tribes need 200,000 housing units and an additional $ 450 million annually just
to meet current demand. n141 For  [*458]  now, tribal housing authorities seek
"creative" solutions, like partnerships with private lenders or using the
proceeds of tax-exempt bonds financed by the block grant. n142

   A. An Amendment for Taxes, Wages, and other Technical Oversights

 One major roadblock was the environmental survey requirement, which deprived
some tribes of millions of dollars and forced others to abandon housing
construction without an actual environmental problem. n143 Another roadblock was
the requirement that Native American recipients could not receive a block grant
if they paid taxes to any political body, including tribes. n144 Congress also
included the  [*459]  Davis-Bacon wage requirement, which upset Senator McCain
and the tribes who testified against it, because it forced Native Americans "to
pay Cadillac prices for Volkswagens." n145

   The Omnibus Indian Advancement Act ("OIAA") n146 attempted to correct these
technical problems, but merely enacted provisions in the Code of Federal
Regulations and it actually restricted other provisions in NAHASDA, especially
against smaller tribes. n147 For example, the  [*460]  amendment repeated de
facto review and audit procedures. n148 The OIAA limited the Secretary's
compliance waiver to three months for tribes that had circumstances beyond their
control; n149 the Secretary could no longer waive compliance standards for small
tribes; n150 and the Secretary could waive the environmental survey requirement
under a narrow 4-prong test that hurts smaller tribes. n151 The allocation
formula no longer had a floor of the amount received in 1996 and limited
modernization assistance to smaller tribes. n152 The OIAA also gave tribes a
hearing for noncompliance n153 and narrowed the time for better  [*461]
performance. n154 The tax exemption requirement was not eliminated, but the
Secretary could waive it if the tribe made good faith efforts to comply. n155
The Davis-Bacon wage requirement was not eliminated either, but did not apply if
tribes had laws requiring wages above the prevailing rate. n156

   B. Title VIII for Native Hawaiians at Last

 Even though the federal government stands in a fiduciary relationship with
Native Hawaiians, n157 NAHASDA did not assist them, n158 so they went unnoticed
for federal housing funds despite 40 years of Hawaiian statehood. n159 The
Hawaiian Homelands Homeownership Act  [*462]  of 2000 finally corrected this
oversight by adding Title VIII to NAHASDA. n160

   The housing dilemma for Native Hawaiians is more critical than for Native
Americans. n161 Over 80 years ago, the federal government placed 200,000 acres
in trust for Native Hawaiians but the revenues from the land were insufficient
for infrastructure and housing. n162 Native Hawaiians today have the highest
overcrowding rates in the country at 36 percent compared to three percent
nationally. n163 Of Native Hawaiians, 49 percent have housing problems as
compared with 44 percent of Native Americans and with 27 percent of United
States citizens overall. n164 Of Native Hawaiians eligible to live on the trust
land, 95 percent need housing, n165 one-third spend more than 30 percent of
their income for shelter alone, and half fall below 30 percent of the median
family income. n166 The findings of fact for Title VIII conclude that Native
Hawaiian housing needs are "extraordinarily severe." n167

   Title VIII duplicates NAHASDA's n168 block grants and guarantees but has
substantial differences. n169 Instead of a tribally designated housing entity or
the tribe itself, the Department of Hawaiian Home Lands (HHL-Dept.), a state-run
agency established under the Hawaiian  [*463]  Homes Commission Act of 1920,
n170 develops and submits the housing plan. n171 HUD then sends the block grant
to the HHL-Dept., n172 which administers the plan for Native Hawaiian families
eligible to live on the Hawaiian trust lands. n173 The Secretary first performs
a compliance review of the grant application, n174 which must have a one-year
plan, a five-year plan, n175 and certificates of compliance for the same issues
under Title I. n176 Title VIII includes the controversial Davis-Bacon wage
requirement n177 and environmental review, n178 but does not require
tax-exemption to receive funds. n179 Like NAHASDA, Title VIII requires the
HHL-Dept. to bring in outside capital through partnerships with the private
sector. n180 Finally, instead of replicating Title VI, Title VIII extends to
Native Hawaiians the Section 184 program, which guaranteed loans for low-income
families before NAHASDA. n181

   The omission of Native Hawaiian sovereignty from Title VIII is a serious
concern because NAHASDA took pains to incorporate Native  [*464]  American
sovereignty. n182 Another concern is that no date is set for the Secretary to
promulgate regulations for Title VIII, which allows for a long delay as seen
with Title VI loan guarantees. n183 The significant limits to section 184A
guarantees for Native Hawaiians are also a major concern because they deprive
Native Hawaiians of the same ability to finance large-scale developments needed
to clear their waiting lists. n184

[*465]

   VII. Conclusion

 Some would agree that NAHASDA was the most important and beneficial housing
legislation ever for Native Americans. n185 NAHASDA revolutionized federal
housing assistance for Native Americans by separating them from city-based
public housing, making a place for them at the negotiated rulemaking committee
where the implementation rules were established, and enabling them to craft
their own communities. n186 NAHASDA simplified the process for federal housing
money and reduced friction with housing authorities seen in earlier programs,
thus successfully harmonizing Native Americans' relationship with the federal
government. n187 In its first year, it tripled housing production. n188

   Nevertheless, NAHASDA needs almost twice its current funding and it will take
a decade just to house present homeless families not counting growing demand.
n189 In addition, Title VIII is unfinished because it needs authorization of $
30 million, without which it will not be ready to implement in fiscal year 2002.
n190 Though NAHASDA was supposed to make program administration simpler for HUD,
it actually strained HUD's ability to assist tribes. n191 Before NAHASDA, tribes
competed with each other for housing program awards, but after NAHASDA they
competed for housing funds that were inadequate to meet their needs and for
scarce HUD personnel resources. n192 NAHASDA sent Native Americans a mixed
message, for it was a sign of shrinking federal funds and HUD personnel
resources in its calls to tribal self-sufficiency and simplification by
consolidation. n193

   Furthermore, the subsequent technical amendments to NAHASDA were symbolic
gestures that left the federal trust duties unfulfilled.  [*466]  Congress did
not ameliorate the Davis-Bacon, environmental survey, and tax-exemption
requirements burdening tribes. n194 In fact, the technical amendments
substantially duplicated provisions already in the Act and the Code of Federal
Regulations. n195 Though the trust duty applies to small tribes as well,
Congress narrowed or eliminated some provisions for them. n196 Congress did not
follow its obligations as trustee of Native American peoples to act fairly in
their benefit.

   Title VIII is the most substantial amendment to NAHASDA, but it too lacked
attention to the federal fiduciary responsibilities. Title VIII recites the need
to recognize Native Hawaiian sovereignty but fails to require their input at any
point in the process. n197 Instead, a state agency makes decisions and
suggestions for them and even plans their own communities for them. n198

   Lastly but most importantly, NAHASDA did not address economic distress on
reservations, title search delays, the lack of homebuyer counseling, lenders'
fear of foreclosure proceedings, remoteness, and racial discrimination, all of
which traditionally plagued private assistance. n199 As of publication, HUD
guaranteed only five loans under Title VI totaling $ 10 million, which is about
a seventieth of just one fiscal year of block grant funding. n200 Clearly Title
VI was not the  [*467]  "jewel" that would thrust NAHASDA above prior housing
assistance programs. n201 Ultimately, NAHASDA was a revolution that left
untouched the status quo of Native American housing.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Administrative LawAgency RulemakingNegotiated RulemakingGovernmentsPublic
ImprovementsCommunity RedevelopmentPublic Health & Welfare LawHousing & Public
BuildingsLow Income Housing

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Among the Navajo, for example, having a home is essential because it is
where life begins and learning takes place. Navajo Leader Cites Infrastucture
Needs, ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL, May 16, 1996, at C1. One commentator delivers an
encomium on home:



   Home. The Hearth. Our homes provide the safe place where we share our lives,
our struggles, our triumphs, our learning, our laughter and our tears. At our
hearth we celebrate and acknowledge the joyous and tragic places we encounter
upon our paths of life. The image of family and loved ones gathered for a meal,
illuminated by a crackling fire, accompanied by the laughter and banter of the
old and young, warms us, even on a windy winter night on the plains, far away
from Florida.

   Similar visions comfort the hearts of peoples of every culture. There is no
place like home. Ideally, our home provides nurturing, shelter, spiritual
grounding, and physical and emotional security. Just as nature's beauty blooms
in many forms, people build homes in a myriad of styles, reflecting their
individual lives, environment, and, above all, their traditions.

 Susan J. Ferrell, Indian Housing: The Fourth Decade, 7 ST. THOMAS L. REV. 445,
445 (1995).





n2.  Because the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act
of 1996 (NAHASDA) uses the term "Native American" in its title and provisions
and treats Native Alaskans identically to the tribes of the contiguous states,
the author uses the words "Native American" inclusive of Native Alaskans.
"Native American" does not include Native Hawaiians, who are later addressed in
relation to Title VIII of NAHASDA. See infra part VI.B.





n3.  See infra part I.





n4.  138 CONG. REC. S3,425-26 (Mar. 12, 1992) (statement of Sen. McCain).
According to Senator McCain:



   Recent studies indicate that 28 percent of all American Indian and Alaska
Native families live in substandard, overcrowded housing that lacks the basic
amenities of indoor plumbing, electricity, or heating. By way of comparison,
less than 5 1/2 percent of all Americans live in similar conditions.
Additionally, more than 90,000 Native American families are estimated to be
underhoused or homeless. The severe housing problems facing Indian people are
compounded by poverty and unemployment levels in Native American communities
that are of epidemic proportions. The number of Indian families with incomes
below the poverty line is nearly three times the average rate for families
throughout the rest of the Nation. The average income of Native Americans is
less than $ 4,500 per person per year.

 142 CONG. REC. S12,405 (Oct. 3, 1996) (Sen. McCain).





n5.  See infra part II.





n6.  Pub. L. No. 104-330, 110 Stat. 4016, 25 U.S.C. 4101-4195.





n7.  For the first time, Congress recognized that its trust obligations to
Native Americans required providing decent homes. See infra part IV. Congress
believed that providing Native Americans with affordable, safe homes in healthy
environments was a crucial aspect of the special trust duty to help improve
their socioeconomic status. NAHASDA 2(5), 25 U.S.C.A. 4101(5). Indeed,
affordable housing advances Congress' goal to promote self-determination and
self-sufficiency in Native American communities. 142 CONG. REC. E503 (Mar. 29,
1996) (statement of Rep. Johnson).





n8.  NAHASDA broke away from the old policies under which Native Americans
suffered some of the country's worst housing conditions. 142 CONG. REC. H11,613
(Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Lazio). The need to change the status quo in
housing policies was overwhelming. 142 CONG. REC. S12,405 (Oct. 3, 1996)
(statement of Sen. McCain). This is reflected in NAHASDA's findings of fact,
which state, "the need for affordable homes in safe and healthy environments on
Indian reservations, in Indian communities, and in Native Alaskan villages is
acute." NAHASDA 2(6), 25 U.S.C.A. 4101(6).





n9.  NAHASDA was a "revolutionary measure," because it separated urban public
housing from Native American housing, which is predominantly rural. 142 CONG.
REC. H11,615 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Bereuter).





n10.  See Denise Chee, Unique Aspects of Housing Development on Tribal Lands, 10
EXPERIENCE 7, 39 (2000).





n11. " We need local responsibility and flexibility that lets tribes decide how
to spend money rather than asking a bureaucrat in Washington to solve problems
for them...We also must recognize that the Federal government cannot be a
paternalistic overseer." 142 CONG. REC. H11,613 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of
Rep. Lazio).





n12.  See 142 CONG. REC. H11,614 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Lazio)
("The new loan guaranty program that this bill provides to tribes...means there
will be more involvement with private sector financial entities who are so
crucial to long-term development in Indian country.").





n13.  See supra note 8.





n14.  See infra part V.





n15.  See infra part VI.





n16.  Hearings on F2000 Indian Programs Budget Before the Senate Comm. on Indian
Affairs, 106th Cong. (1999), available in 1999 WL 8086307 (statement of
Christopher D. Boesen, Executive Director, National American Indian Housing
Council) (hereinafter Hearing 8086307).





n17.  138 CONG. REC. S3,425 (Mar. 12, 1992). Unemployment and poverty levels on
reservations are incomprehensible to most Americans, even to those who lived
through the Great Depression and suffered 25 to 30 percent unemployment during
its heights. Id. at S3,426. In comparison, average unemployment in Indian
country in 1989 was 52 percent and reaches 80 to 90 percent on the poorer
reservations. Id. at S3,425-26. Poverty impacts Native American communities at
many levels:



   A lack of jobs and economic opportunity on reservations is a major
contributor to the high levels of alcoholism, high suicide rates, sense of
helplessness, and other deep social problems that afflict all too many tribes.
The conditions on Indian reservations often more closely resemble a Third World
underdeveloped nation than the mainstream economy in the society of the United
States.

 Id. In the most recent study, the jobless rate on the 30 reservations of 3,000
or more Native Americans was 46 percent. General Accounting Office, Pub. No.
GAO/RCED-98-49, Native American Housing - Homeownership Opportunities On Trust
Lands Are Limited (hereinafter GAO-98-49). For rural Native Americans, the
poverty rate is 37 percent, which is the highest of any racial group and three
times the rate for rural whites. Chris de Reza, Native Americans to Bush: Show
Us the Money, REAL ESTATE FINANCE TODAY, Jan. 15, 2001, at 9, available in 2001
WL 8192467. According to the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA), in 1990 only 25
percent of employed Native Americans living in Indian country had an annual
income of $ 7,000 or more, but 75 percent of Americans overall did. GAO-98-49,
supra. Indeed, having "8% unemployment would be a godsend for many tribes." 138
CONG. REC. S3,426 (Mar. 12, 1992) (statement of Sen. McCain).





n18.  Thomas J. Sugrue, Expert Report: Reports Submitted on Behalf of the
University of Michigan: The Compelling Need for Diversity in Higher Education, 5
MICH. J. RACE & L. 261, 300 (1999). Fewer than one in eight tribes have mineral
and energy reserves which can be developed. Robert A. Williams, Jr., Small Steps
on the Long Road to Self-Sufficiency for Indian Nations: The Indian Tribal
Governmental Tax Status Act of 1982, 22 HARV. J. on LEGIS. 335, 338 (1985). The
basic principle of welfare reform, that some people choose not to work, is
inapplicable to reservations because jobs do not exist. Indian Programs Budget
Before the Senate Comm. on Indian Affairs, 106th Cong. (2000), available in 2000
WL 11068395 (statement of Christopher D. Boesen, Executive Director, National
American Indian Housing Council) (hereinafter Hearing 11068395). One author
commented that white Americans perceive harmony with mother nature through the
windows of their comfortable office or from high tech kayaks as they paddle the
Colorado, but Native Americans struggle to feed their children in cultures of
poverty, desperation, and alcohol. James L. Huffman, An Exploratory Essay on
Native Americans and Environmentalism, 63 U. COLO. L. REV. 901, 903 (1992).





n19.  Michael J. Kurman, Indian Investment and Employment Tax Incentives:
Building a New Highway to Indian Country for Private Sector Businesses and Jobs,
41 FED. B. NEWS & J. 578, 583 (1994) (quoting Administration's Tax Proposals:
Hearings on Foreign Tax, Possessions Tax Credit, Investment Tax Credit, Business
Meals and Entertainment, and Other Tax Matters Before the Senate Comm. on
Finance, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 412 (1993)).





n20.  Vicki J. Limas, Application of Federal Labor and Employment Statutes to
Native American Tribes: Respecting Sovereignty and Achieving Consistency, 26
ARIZ. ST. L.J. 681, 694 (1994).





n21.  U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, OFFICE OF POLICY
DEVELOPMENT AND RESEARCH, ASSESSMENT OF AMERICAN INDIAN HOUSING NEEDS AND
PROGRAMS: FINAL REPORT 51 (1996) (hereinafter HUD Assessment). "Everybody thinks
that tribes are getting rich from gaming and very few of them are." David Pace,
Casinos Failing Most Indians, THE ARIZONA REPUBLIC, Sept. 1, 2000, at A1,
available in 2000 WL 8062068. Only 91 tribes operate a high-stakes gaming
facility. Stephanie Dean, Getting a Piece of the Action: Should the Federal
Government be able to Tax Native American Gambling Revenue?, 32 COLUM. J.L. &
SOC. PROBS. 157, 179 (1999). Merely having a casino is no guaranty of wealth,
for only eight casinos generated 40 percent of Indian gaming revenues. Id. at
180 n.203 (1999). Reservations tend to be too distant from population centers
for casinos to profit. HUD Assessment, supra at 51.

   Even if a tribal casino is successful, members are not necessarily employed
nor share the revenues. The San Carlos Apache Tribe has a casino and resort, but
unemployment on the reservation rose from 42 percent in 1991 to 58 percent in
1997, and the number of tribal members on welfare rose 20 percent. Pace, supra.
Tribal members complain that they receive no help from the casino and resort.
Id. Non-Indians hold about three-quarters of the jobs at the casinos. Id. Native
American casinos employ an estimated 15,900 total individuals, which is 8
percent of the Native American population, but that figure includes non-Indians.
HUD Assessment, supra at 51-52.

   Gaming changed Native American wealth little overall and did not remedy
poverty. Id. at 51. The Pequot tribe, touted for their Connecticut Foxwoods
casino and resort, are an example of enormous success, earning $ 800 million in
1994. Dean, supra at 179. Every member of the Pequot is guaranteed a house, a
yearly salary between $ 50,000 and $ 60,000, and an education from preschool
through a doctoral degree. Id. The Pequot alone account for 30 percent of all
Indian gaming revenues. HUD Assessment, supra at 51. Nevertheless, the number of
Native Americans on welfare still grows and even tribes with casinos experienced
a slight rise in unemployment since 1991. Pace, supra.





n22.  President Clinton met Geraldine Blue Bird at the Oglala Sioux Pine Ridge
reservation, whose neighborhood was littered with abandoned cars. Kevin Galvin,
Clinton Decries Reservation Poverty, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, July 7, 1999,
available in 1999 WL 17821614. Eleven of her relatives lived inside her house,
and seventeen slept in the trailer. Id. Next, President Clinton saw the "Igloo
neighborhood" made of styrofoam rubbish shacks. Id. Igloo housing is typical of
the vast Pine Ridge reservation. Id. Bitter South Dakota winters wreck extreme
hardship on those in igloo homes. Id.





n23.  BUREAU OF THE CENSUS, STATISTICAL BRIEF, HOUSING OF AMERICAN INDIANS ON
RESERVATIONS - PLUMBING (1995) ("Visiting a reservation today is like going back
in time.") (hereinafter Census Plumbing Report).





n24.  Census Plumbing Report, supra note 23. "Complete plumbing facilities"
include "hot and cold piped water, a flush toilet, and a bathtub or shower," and
"Native American homes" are "all units where the householder has identified
himself or herself as American Indian, Eskimo, or Aleut." Id. By comparison,
under 1 percent of households nationwide today lack complete plumbing
facilities. Id. Lacking complete plumbing facilities is "almost unknown
nationally." Id. Even outside the metropolitan areas the rate is below 2
percent. Id. Nevertheless, the figures are averages that do not reveal the
disparities between tribes, some of whom live very poorly. Id. ("No one had it
as tough as Navajo owners. Remarkably, about 6 in every 10 did not have complete
plumbing!") (emphasis in original).





n25.  BUREAU OF THE CENSUS, STATISTICAL BRIEF, HOUSING OF AMERICAN INDIANS ON
RESERVATIONS - EQUIPMENT AND FUELS (1995). "Complete kitchen facilities" include
"a sink with piped water, a range or cookstove, and a refrigerator." Id. Only 1
percent of kitchen facilities nationally were incomplete. Id. The average does
not show, however, that 44 percent of Navajos lacked complete kitchens. Id. In
addition, "phoneless households were the rule" on reservations. Id. Of
households nationally, 5 percent lack telephones. Id. The Gila River, Navajo,
and San Carlos Reservations shared the worst rates with over 75 percent of homes
phoneless. Id.





n26.  Census Plumbing Report, supra note 23. On reservations, 40 percent of
Native Americans live in overcrowded homes compared with 6 percent of Americans
overall. GAO-98-49, supra note 17. "Crowded" is more than one person per room;
i.e., more people than rooms. Census Plumbing Report, supra note 23. In
comparison, the figure for U.S. households is only one-tenth of one percent. Id.
Again, the figure is an average, hiding that 30 percent of Navajo households
face the worst case scenario. Id.





n27.  Mark Fogarty, Housing Loan Program for Native Americans Begins Operation,
INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Sept. 5, 2000, available in 2000 WL 26268647. Some live in
single-unit homes crowded by three or more families; others live in cars and
tents. Candy Hamilton, Indians to Tackle Housing Crisis on Their Own, THE
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE MONITOR, Aug. 8, 1997, available in 1997 WL 2803078.





n28.  Seminole Nation v. United States, 316 U.S. 286, 296-97 (1942) (footnote
omitted). The Court held that the trust obligations require "the most exacting
fiduciary standards" of the federal government. Id. at 297.





n29.  United States v. Mitchell, 463 U.S. 206, 225 (1983). The existence of the
federal government's trust relationship with Native Americans is "undisputed."
Id. The elements of a trust are present: a trustee (the federal government), a
beneficiary (Native Americans), and a trust corpus (lands and funds). Id. This
relationship is long-established and arises from treaties promising Native
Americans protection as consideration for land concessions. TASK FORCE SEVEN,
AM. INDIAN POLICY REVIEW COMM'N, 95th CONG., 1st Sess., REPORT ON RESERVATION
AND RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT AND PROTECTION 1 (1976), quoted in Williams, supra note
18, at 337 n.4. Today there are almost 52.5 million acres of reservation land in
the United States, Chee, supra note 10, at 7, about 45 million of which is
tribal trust land, with the remainder in individual trust. GAO-98-49, supra note
17. Approximately 1.2 million of the estimated two million Native Americans in
the United States live on trust land, which is held either for a tribe or an
individual Native American. GAO-98-49, supra note 17.





n30.  Chee, supra note 10, at 38. In general, trust land cannot be alienated,
leased, or encumbered unless the tribe obtains permission from the Secretary of
the Interior. John McGee Ingram, Home Ownership Opportunities in Indian Country,
7 J. AFFORDABLE HOUSING & COMMUNITY DEV. L. 164, 168 (1998). Encumbrances
include any lien, claim, liability, or charge "attached to and binding real
property." GAO-98-49, supra note 17.





n31.  GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Tribes are protected against suit unless they
waive their sovereign immunity, Kiowa Tribe of Oklahoma v. Manufacturing
Technologies, Inc., 523 U.S. 751, 754 (1998), which must be approved by the
Secretary of the Interior, 25 U.S.C. 81(d), and clearly allowed by tribal law.
Ingram, supra note 30, at 170. The BIA must perform a consumer protection
analysis of a loan to determine whether it is "in the best interest of the
borrower" by looking for excessive interest rates and over-collateralization.
Id. at 169.

   Though land may be leased with the approval of the Secretary of the Interior,
the leasehold is limited to 25 years. Id. at 168-69. This also played a major
role in discouraging private lenders from financing leaseholds because they
generally want leases longer than the mortgage so that there is substantial
marketing potential in case of default. Id. at 169 & n.26. In addition, lenders
are unwilling to finance activities on trust land because federal law requires
lenders to foreclose in tribal courts under tribal law and jurisdiction.
GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Since lenders are unfamiliar with tribal courts, they
fear that these courts will rule in the tribal member's favor. Id.





n32.  GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Due to the complex history of Native American
lands, title searches for determining the trust status of land are arduous
because treaties, proclamations of the Secretary of the Interior, title records
held by the BIA, statutes, Executive Orders, and county and tribal office
records may bear on the title. Ingram, supra note 30, at 168. The BIA is reputed
for significant delays in processing mortgage and loan applications. Id. at 169.





n33.  Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. 1, 17 (1831); Ingram, supra note 30,
at 168. On one hand, tribes have long been separate governing entities that can
enact and enforce legislation. Mark K. Ulmer, The Legal Origin and Nature of
Indian Housing Authorities and the HUD Indian Housing Programs, 13 AM. INDIAN L.
REV. 109, 117 (1988). On the other hand, tribal sovereignty is limited by
treaties, Congress' power to nullify treaty rights unilaterally, statutes, and
tribes' dependent status under the trust relationship. Id. at 117-18 & n.43
(citing United States v. Wheeler, 435 U.S. 313, 323 (1978)).





n34.  WILLIAM C. CANBY, Jr., AMERICAN INDIAN LAW 19 (3d ed. 1998). Each
reservation had an agent supervising their adaptation to non-Indian,
often-Christian ways. Id. The reservation system arose from persuaded or coerced
treaties with tribes. Id. at 18. Non-Indians demanded more land as their
population grew, so they pushed tribes west of the Mississippi. Id. at 13, 18.
Inevitably non-Indians moved to the West demanding more land, so the federal
government restricted tribes to reservations. Id. at 18. In some treaties, the
tribe yielded most of its land to the government, leaving a small portion for
itself; in others, the tribe was resettled on a distant reservation. Id. In
1871, Congress banned recognition of tribes as nations with which the President
could make treaties. Id. Though the constitutionality of limiting the
Presidents' power is questionable, the statute notified Presidents that Congress
would not ratify such treaties. Id. Thereafter, statutes or executive orders
created reservations. Id.

   Alaska Natives do not share the history of the Native Americans in the
contiguous states, because the United States purchased Alaska from Russia in
1867. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at 23. Until the Alaska Native Claims
Settlement Act of 1972 ("ANCSA"), Alaska Natives' sovereignty and territory were
largely unaddressed. Id. ANCSA established tribal corporations in which Native
Alaskans received corporate stock for enrollment and owned the land as
shareholders. Id. Corporate bylaws protect tribal land against alienation. Id.
In 1993, the Department of the Interior acknowledged that Alaskan tribes are
like those of the contiguous states. Id.





n35.  Chee, supra note 10, at 7.





n36.  Native Americans criticize the BIA for negligent calculation of market
rates, lack of expertise in local markets, and lack of skill and competence in
negotiating fees in abrogation of the trust duties. Ronald E. Johnny, Can Indian
Tribes Afford to Let the Bureau of Indian Affairs Continue to Negotiate Permits
& Leases of Their Resources?, 16 AM. INDIAN L. REV. 203, 203-04 (1991). Great
focus is on the BIA's billion-dollar mismanagement of Native Americans' oil,
gas, and timber reserves. Id. at 203 & n.2 (quoting Federal Trust Responsibility
at Issue in Oil and Gas Cases, NARF LEGAL REV., Summer 1988, at 1). Native
Americans hold over 40 million acres of grazing land, id. at 203, but often the
BIA negotiates leases "for pennies on the dollar," depriving Native Americans of
significant income. Greg Overstreet, Re-Empowering the Native American: A
Conservative Proposal to Restore Tribal Sovereignty and Self-Reliance to Federal
Indian Policy, 14 HAMLINE J. PUB. L. & POL'Y 1, 24 (1993). For example, the BIA
priced the Fort McDermott tribal council's land at $ 1.60 per AUM (animal unit
per month), but its market value was $ 11.00. Johnny, supra at 206 n.13, 207.
Similarly, in 1987, in Orovada, Nevada, a rancher leased land worth $ 11.00 per
AUM from the U.S. Bureau of Land Management ("BLM") for $ 1.35. Id. at 207 n.16.
Ronald Johnny, the chairman of his tribe, described the records of grazing
permits for his tribe's land as "a dismal, negligent record of management of
tribal resources. Apparently in many instances local BIA personnel merely
telephoned the BLM and asked what it was charging in the same region." Id. at
206.

   The BIA has also mishandled billions of dollars from Native Americans' land
held in trust accounts. Matt Kelley, Court to Hear Indian Accounts Case, THE
ASSOCIATED PRESS, Sept. 4, 2000, available in 2000 WL 25993779. So far, the
federal government admitted to mishandling $ 500 million. Id. The government
collected proceeds from grazing, logging, mining, oil drilling, and other uses
of the land to be held in trust for individual Native Americans. Id. The
government admitted to mismanaging the accounts: records were never kept,
documentation was lost or destroyed, some money was stolen, some was used in
other federal programs, some was never collected, and thousands of accounts do
not have names. Id. The plaintiffs allege that over $ 10 billion dollars was
mismanaged. Id. In February 1999, former Secretary of the Interior Bruce
Babbitt, former Assistant Interior Secretary Kevin Gover, and former Treasury
Secretary Robert Rubin were cited with contempt for destroying records and
improperly withholding records in flagrant disregard of a court order. Id.;
Cobell v. Babbitt, 37 F. Supp. 2d 6, 9, 28 (D.D.C. 1999).





n37.  In 1933, for example, Congress annexed the Aneth Extension to the Navajo
reservation to quell tensions. Richard J. Ansson, Jr., Protecting Profits
Derived From Tribal Resources: Why the State Of Utah Should Not Have The Power
to Tax Non-Indian Oil and Gas Lessees On the Navajo Nation's Aneth Extension:
Texaco, Exxon, and Union Oil v. San Juan County School District - A Case Study,
21 AM. INDIAN L. REV. 329, 344 (1997). Congress provided that if oil or gas were
found on the extension, Utah would receive 37.5 percent of the royalties to
educate Navajo children and build roads on the reservation. Id. Utah received $
61 million of royalties, but an audit discovered only $ 9.5 million went to the
Navajos, leaving $ 51.5 million that the state admitted to squandering. Id. at
345. The funds were used for non-Indian projects like airports, roads, schools,
and even a museum. Id. at 345 n.165. As a result of losing the money, housing
and social conditions are appalling on the reservation. Id. at 344. Most
reservation dwellers live in "ragtag" government tract housing or earthen hogan
dwellings, 60 percent lack running water or electricity, and 95 percent have
trouble reading and writing. Id.





n38.  Williams, supra note 18, at 354-56.





n39.  Ferrell, supra note 1, at 450-51. Allotment and termination played special
roles in dispossessing tribes from their lands. The General Allotment Act of
1887, 25 U.S.C. 331-34, 336, 339, 341-42, 348-49, 381 (also called the Dawes Act
or the Indian General Allotment Act), divided reservation land held by tribes
among individual members to be held in a 25-year trust, which then turned into a
fee simple if they were found "competent and capable of managing" their affairs.
Williams, supra note 18, at 345 (citing 25 U.S.C. 331, 348, 349). Each allotment
was 80 acres for agriculture or 160 for grazing. Id. Congress later amended the
act to extend the trust status indefinitely. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at
20 n.13. Under allotment, the so-called surplus land that had not been allotted
reverted to the federal government, so Native American lands evaporated
drastically. Williams, supra note 18, at 345. In addition, most of the
allotments that matured into fee simple had been sold to non-Indians and are no
longer in Native American possession. Canby, supra note 34, at 360.

   During the McCarthy era in the early 1950s, Congress felt that tribal living
exhibited "communistic traits," Williams, supra note 18, at 354, and began the
"Termination Era" when the federal government transferred the trust duties to
states, Ferrell, supra note 1, at 452, terminated the trust relationship, and
relocated Native Americans from reservations to urban centers, HUD Assessment,
supra note 21, at 22. Between 1954 and 1962, Congress terminated 61 tribes. Id.
Relocation consisted of grants to seek employment in cities. Canby, supra note
34, at 26. Other ideological and business factors culminated in termination as
well; e.g., a dislike for Indian culture and communal institutions, the view of
the Indian Reorganization Act as turning reservations into museums, and business
interests which lost the use of Native American land and resources under
reservation development programs. COHEN'S HANDBOOK OF FEDERAL INDIAN LAW 2.E.1
(1982). Congress believed that denial of federal assistance would encourage
Native Americans to participate in democracy. Williams, supra note 18, at 353-54
& n.82 (quoting H.R. CONG. RES. 108, 67 Stat. B132 (1953)). Despite this hope,
the states that acted in the federal government's stead often neglected to
recognize tribal sovereignty or provide housing to the Native Americans in their
jurisdiction. Ferrell, supra note 1, at 452. Many states felt no responsibility
toward their new Native American subjects. Id. States also resented tribes as a
monetary drain. Canby, supra note 34, at 28. Relocation also failed because even
though some Native Americans prospered, most joined the urban poor with the
additional trauma of dislocation. Id. at 26-27. Tribes viewed the termination
policy as inherently genocidal. Williams, supra note 18, at 354. The cultural
and social disintegration was so apparent that Congress ended the policy in the
early 1960s. Id.





n40.  Williams, supra note 18, at 344.





n41.  Canby, supra note 34, at 20.





n42.  Williams, supra note 18, at 345. In 1887, Native Americans held a total of
138 million acres, but in 1934 only 48 million, 20 million of which were desert
or semi-desert. Canby, supra note 34, at 22.





n43.  See supra note 41 (describing the allotment policy). Sales of surplus land
and alienation of fee simple allotments to non-Indians left a checkerboard
pattern of non-Indian ownership where whole reservations once were. Williams,
supra note 18, at 345. Allotments still in trust also complicated title
searches, for they could be inherited. Babbitt v. Youpee, 519 U.S. 234, 237
(1997). When the allottee passed away, his or her land descended under state
law, and after 1910, allottees could devise their lands. Id. If there were
multiple heirs, they could hold beneficial title to the same parcel
simultaneously, and over time the number of title-holders proliferated,
sometimes into dozens. Id. at 237-38. By 1967, the National Congress of American
Indians reported that 48 percent of allotments in 12 studied reservations had
six or more owners; 29 percent had over ten; and 14 percent had over 20.
Williams, supra note 18, at 346 n.47. In 1983, Congress passed the Indian Land
Consolidation Act to remedy fractionation by having land interests escheat to
the tribe, Youpee, 519 U.S. at 238-39, but the Supreme Court struck down the
escheat provision as a violation of the Takings Clause of the United States
Constitution. Id. at 243-44 (citing U.S. CONST. amend. V). The consent of all
owners of "fractionated land" is required to lease, transfer, mortgage, or
otherwise encumber it. Ingram, supra note 30, at 168 n.19.





n44.  Congress passed the Indian Housing Act in 1988 for a separate Indian
housing program with its own specific regulations, but it was not until NAHASDA
that Native American housing was completely separated from public housing.
Hearings on Challenges Facing HUD's Indian Housing Program Before the Comm. on
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Indian Affairs, 105th Cong. (1997),
available in 1997 WL 8219856 (statement of Judy A. England-Joseph, Director,
Housing and Community Development Issues, Resources, Community, and Economic
Development Division) (hereinafter Hearing 8219856).

   Before NAHASDA consolidated most of them, there were fourteen low-income
housing programs under which Native Americans could acquire funding. General
Accounting Office, Pub. No. GAO/RCED-99-16, Native American Housing -
Information on HUD's Funding of Indian Housing Programs (hereinafter GAO-99-16).
Five were non-competitive and distributed funds on a first-come-first-served
basis; nine were competitive, requiring Indian housing authorities to submit
housing proposals that HUD ranked and awarded by the highest score. Id. While
NAHASDA is non-competitive, it did not replace Section 184 Home Loan Guarantees,
Economic Development and Supportive Services, the Indian Community Development
Block Grant, the Drug Elimination Technical Assistance Grant, or the Drug
Elimination Grant. Id.





n45.  Ulmer, supra note 33, at 110 (citing 42 U.S.C. 1404a-1440). Congress'
housing policy was to provide "decent homes and a suitable living environment
for every American family." Id. at 110 n.3 (citing 42 U.S.C. 1441).
Nevertheless, the 1937 Housing Act did not help Native Americans until a quarter
century later when the Public Housing Administration, which was the predecessor
of HUD, Hearings on Challenges Facing HUD's Indian Housing Program Before the
Comm. on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs and Indian Affairs, 105th Cong.
(1997) available in 1997 WL 8219955 (statement of W. Ron Allen, President,
National Congress of American Indians) (hereinafter Hearing 8219955), determined
that tribes could legally establish their own housing authorities to develop and
operate low-rent projects, Ulmer, supra note 33, at 110-11.





n46.  Under the 1937 Housing Act, tribes had to establish Indian housing
authorities (IHAs), which were legal entities separate from the tribe, to which
HUD could route funds. Chee, supra note 10, at 38-39. To receive funds, the
tribe had to lease its own land to its IHA, a tortuous arrangement fortunately
eliminated by NAHASDA. Id. at 39. Unsurprisingly, strife arose between tribes
and their IHAs, leading to dangerous and dilapidated housing that vexes tribes
today. Id. To lease its land to its IHA, tribes had to use HUD standard leases,
which gave tribes no choice except 50-year terms. Id. The BIA often failed to
understand this arrangement, so IHAs had to call in HUD representatives to
explain it to them (as well as to the tribe), for they would not receive housing
funds otherwise. Id. This created friction between tribes and their IHAs, so
tribes gave their IHA land in flood zones or land which was comprised of poor
soil or located in otherwise undesirable regions. Id. Today tribes are burdened
with houses falling apart from being built on poor soil. Id. The land that
tribes gave their IHAs was so bad that removal of overhanging boulders is an
issue for some. Id. Further, neither the 1937 Housing Act nor its regulations
required land use planning, so housing was built without infrastructure: "It is
commonplace to see subdivisions on many New Mexico reservations without nearby
stores, gas stations, and laundromats. The lack of zoning codes resulted in the
development of housing near nonresidential buildings, resulting in
haphazard-looking communities." Id. NAHASDA, however, requires land use planning
and funds the tribe directly, not its IHA. Id. The Seattle Times won a Pulitzer
prize for uncovering numerous examples of HUD's failure to monitor Indian
housing authorities, who constructed lavish homes for themselves while
neglecting homeless Native Americans on waiting lists. Chuck Taylor, Times Wins
Two Pulitzer Prizes, THE SEATTLE TIMES, Apr. 7, 1997, at A1 available in 1997 WL
3227507. The 1937 Housing Act provided tribes the majority of their funding for
development, operating, and modernization until fiscal year 1998 when NAHASDA
went into effect. GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n47.  Ulmer, supra note 33, at 111. Under this program, the occupant's monthly
contribution went into an operation and maintenance account which would pay off
the price of the unit if not fully used, so that the occupant could eventually
obtain ownership. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at 101. The 1937 Housing Act
only assisted rentals. Ulmer, supra note 33, at 111. HUD viewed the pride of
homeownership as an incentive for Native Americans to reduce costs through
building and maintaining their own homes. Ulmer, supra note 33, at 111; HUD
Assessment, supra note 21, at 101.





n48.  Ulmer, supra note 33, at 112.





n49.  Chee, supra note 10, at 39.





n50.  Ulmer, supra note 33, at 111. The program was renamed Comprehensive
Improvement Assistance Program in 1980. Id. at 112. In the same vein, the BIA
developed the Housing Improvement Program in 1965 to provide grants to Native
American families with extremely low income or no income to perform repairs,
rehabilitate homes, make down payments, and afford new housing construction. Id.
at 113.





n51.  HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at xxv. The Indian Community Development
Block Grant (ICDBG) funded Native American community and economic development
through community facilities, infrastructure, and housing. Id. HOME block grants
began in 1990 and supported only local housing initiatives through down
payments, housing development, and rehabilitation. Id. Though completely
separate from public housing, Hearing 8219856, supra note 44, NAHASDA's block
grants are modeled after the ICDBG program and HOME programs, Robert S. Kenison,
Implementing NAHASDA: Brave New Word?, 8 J. AFFORDABLE HOUSING & COMMUNITY DEV.
L. 253, 254 (1999).





n52.  Ingram, supra note 30, at 171-73. For example, HUD created the Section 248
Program in 1985 for mortgage insurance, but it had limitations that made it
unpopular and unworkable. Id. at 171. The program applied to leaseholds on trust
land, communally held land, land assignments (land which the tribe licensed to
individual members), and Alaska Native land, but not fee simple lands or
allotments. Id. Moreover, tribes disliked the Section 248 Program because they
were not consulted in its creation and application, it was not effectively
marketed to them or lenders, foreclosure was not in tribal courts, foreclosed
land went to non-Indians, and there was no provision for mortgage construction,
which became sorely needed. Id.

   In response came the Section 184 Program of the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992, which guaranteed loans. Id. at 172. Unlike the Section
248 Program, the guarantee applied to loans for individual allotments, tribal
trust land, and fee simple land. Id. at 173 n.56. Section 184 loans could be
used for acquisition, rehabilitation, or construction. Dustin Shepherd, The
Native American Housing Market, THE JOURNAL OF LENDING & CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT,
Oct. 1, 1997, at 36, available in 1997 WL 9928238. HUD released a guidebook for
the program to assist the lending process: borrower eligibility, foreclosure
procedures, HUD's commitment to the program, and so on. Ingram, supra note 30,
at 173. In tandem with the handbook, HUD marketed the program to lenders and
tribes, achieving greater acceptance than the Section 248 Program did. Id.
Finally, tribes liked the Section 184 Program because it allowed them to act as
developers, who rented property to members of the tribe. Id.

   In guaranteeing a wider set of loans and allowing lenders to foreclose, the
Section 184 Program was designed to increase the participation of private
lending institutions, but few loans were ever made under the Section 184
Program. Id. at 172-73. By April, 2000, HUD reported 615 loans made under
Section 184, amounting to $ 61 million. Mark Fogarty, American Indian Housing
Fund Increase "Not Enough," Advocates Say, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, April 17, 2000,
available in 2000 WL 19316638 (hereinafter Fogarty 19316638). According to the
1997 data from the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Native Americans were the only
minority group to register a decline in mortgage lending, by 1 percent in 1997.
Mark Fogarty, More Money for Indian Housing, NATIONAL MORTGAGE NEWS, Oct. 19,
1998, at 71, available in 1998 WL 18767347 (hereinafter Fogarty 18767347).
NAHASDA did not consolidate the Section 184 Program along with other funds
available for Native American housing into its block grant program, so it still
exists. Fogarty 18767347, supra note 52.

   In addition to HUD programs, the Rural Housing Service of the Department of
Agriculture extended section 502 of the Guaranteed Loan Program to Native
Americans as a pilot program with the Federal National Mortgage Association
("Fannie Mae"). Ingram, supra note 30, at 174; GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Fannie
Mae also committed $ 1 trillion in "affordable and decent housing for low-and
moderate-income" families, part of which is for a Native American lending
initiatives program. Id. Fannie Mae also approved loans under HUD's guarantee
and insurance programs. Id. Finally, the Department of Veterans Affairs has a
direct lending mortgage program for Native American veterans to buy, build, or
rehabilitate homes on trust land. Ingram, supra note 30, at 174.





n53.  GAO-98-49, supra note 17 (the two tribes being the Tulalips in Marysville,
Washington, and the Oneidas of Wisconsin). Only eight lenders made the
ninety-one loans. Id. In comparison, lenders nationwide provided $ 785 billion
of single-family mortgages in 1996 alone. Id. The private loans made to Native
Americans were the product of special programs, homeownership counseling
services, and pre-existing relationships with tribes. Id. An additional
twenty-two loans were made for manufactured homes, which are primarily financed
with personal property as collateral. Id. Non-conventional loans were also
scarce. Christy Wise, Overcoming Reservations, MORTGAGE BANKING, April 1, 1999,
Vol. 59, Issue 7, available in 1999 WL 12029401. The Department of Justice filed
claims against several lenders for discriminatory lending under the Equal Credit
Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988. Ingram, supra note
30, at 167 n.15 (1998) (citing United States v. Blackpipe State Bank, No.
93-5115 (D.S.D. 1993) and United States v. First National Bank of Gordon, No.
96-5035 (D.S.D. 1997)). A federal court enjoined the discrimination, demanded
damages, and, in one case, established a lending education program for Native
Americans. Id.





n54.  Ellen P. Aprill, Tribal Bonds: Indian Sovereignty and the Tax Legislative
Process, 46 ADMIN. L. REV. 333, 334-35 (1994). Congress' actions under the trust
relationship are not invidious racial discrimination against non-Indians because
the trust is a relationship between two governments, not a racial
classification, so there must only be a rational relationship to the trust
duties. Morton v. Mancari, 417 U.S. 535, 553-54 & n.24 (1974) (upholding an
employment preference in the BIA).





n55.  Though done with good intentions, the most disastrous congressional
policies for Native Americans - allotment and termination - were executed
without their input or consent. Canby, supra note 34, at 21-22, 26-27. Federal
law has largely controlled the events in tribal existence, so tribes have not
had initiative or control in their own governance. N. Bruce Duthu, Holding a
Great Vision: Engaging the Jurisprudential Voice of Tribal Courts, 71 N.D. L.
REV. 1129, 1129 (1995) (reviewing FRANK POMMERSHEIM, BRAID OF FEATHERS: AMERICAN
INDIAN LAW AND CONTEMPORARY TRIBAL LIFE (1995)) (quoting Rennard Strickland,
Genocide-at-Law: An Historic and Contemporary View of the Native American
Experience, 34 KAN. L. REV. 713, 738 (1986)). Because tribal housing authorities
must work through federal agencies at every juncture, housing programs are
characterized by excessive delay and a lack of coordination. Ulmer, supra note
33, at 114 n.31. Many Native Americans rightly perceive that the very existence
of their tribes is not in their hands, but instead controlled by federal
bureaucrats who impose non-Indian laws on them. Duthu, supra, at 738.
Furthermore, tribes tend to perform better in implementing their own development
than government agencies do. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at xxvii-xxviii.
Unfortunately, there are not enough staffers at tribal housing authorities.
Ulmer, supra note 33, at 114 n.31. Current staffers are underpaid and do not
have the training or expertise to navigate invariably complex procedures and
regulations. Id. Sovereignty allows tribes to tailor their programs to their
particular needs and attend to problems long lacking funding. Hamilton, supra
note 27. The American Indian Policy Review Commission, which Congress
established in 1975, called for rejecting assimilationist policies and
recognizing tribes as self-governing institutions. Canby, supra note 34, at 31.





n56.  HUD has been criticized for applying the design it uses in cities and
metropolitan areas to suit over 500 nations and tribes of Native Americans.
Ferrell, supra note 1, at 447. Long before NAHASDA, HUD attempted to address
this issue but did not have the resources to solve it. Id. HUD sought input from
Native Americans to make homes more desirable and culturally relevant to them.
Id. at 446. HUD collaborated with the National Endowment for the Arts and the
American Indian Council of Architects and Engineers on a booklet of design
concepts for Native American homes for use by architects working for Indian
housing authorities. Id. HUD also sponsored the Cultural Design Award in 1995 to
show its support. Id. at 448. HUD has managed, however, a few examples of
adaptation to Native cultures: tribes built traditional log homes in Montana and
North Dakota, and the Oneida of New York constructed houses with
traditionally-designed wooden siding. Id. at 448.





n57.  Ferrell, supra note 1, at 445. The following describes the variety of
Native American housing designs:



   Some [Native Americans] envision a longhouse in the forest built of wood or
bark; others picture chickees perched above tidewaters, river's edge or
Everglades, tipis painted with sacred designs of stars, mountains and rain, or
arbors and wickiups thatched with grass, hogans round as the eternal circle of
life. Families together may build earthen homes tucked into the hills, white
frame homes with the proverbial picket fences, or homes of adobe bricks the warm
color of Mother Earth.

 Id.





n58.  Representative Don Young of Alaska supplied an anecdote:



   I have watched the present program in housing not work. We have had housings
[sic] in Alaska that were under Government control that had such audacity as to
say you could not put a storm porch in Nome, AK, on federally built housing
because it did not meet their code or did not meet their design.

   I do not know how many have been to Nome, AK, but the wind blows about 84
miles an hour off the Bering Sea. It is an example to take into consideration of
the native people up there and their needs or their designees and what should or
should not be done.

 142 CONG. REC. H11,616 (Sept. 28, 1996). On the White Earth Indian Reservation
in northwest Minnesota, the force of the ground freezing from harsh winter
storms broke the concrete foundations of several homes in a 43-home development.
Eric Nalder, Deborah Nelson, and Alex Tizon, Sending Good Money After Bad: HUD
Missed Signs of Waste, Then Gave Tribe More Money, THE SEATTLE TIMES, Dec. 4,
1996, at A11, available in 1996 WL 3695257. The high salt and mineral content of
water clogs and corrodes pipes, water circulating fans, and water heaters on the
Gila River reservation. Hearing 8219856, supra note 44. A $ 300 water heater has
an average life of six months under those conditions. Id. Remedying faulty
construction and climate damage add to the costs of building homes for Native
Americans. Id. The Rosebud Sioux Reservation in South Dakota experiences weather
and remoteness troubles. Anne Flentgen Rich, Rosebud Sioux: Innovative Use of
NAHASDA Funds, NATIVE AMERICAN HOUSING NEWS, June 2000, at 1. The weather
narrows the time of year proper for building. Id. Remoteness creates problems
that would not be experienced if closer to hospitable areas.





n59.  Ferrell, supra note 1, at 445.





n60.  Tribal members have enough trouble buying food and clothing and getting
off welfare, much less affording a mortgage or loan. See Galvin, supra note 22.
The down payment itself is a barrier to homeownership. Dana Simon, Muscogee
(Creek) Nation Joins Homeownership Initiative, TULSA WORLD, June 10, 2000,
available in 2000 WL 6788010. Poverty also frustrates mortgage applications due
to unstable incomes, closing costs, problematic or nontraditional credit
histories, and lender-required cash reserves. Ingram, supra note 30, at 164.
Indeed, very often borrowers in Indian country have no credit history, and
Native American incomes can fluctuate with the seasons and availability of work.
Id. at 164, 166. Also, it is difficult to use reservation land as collateral
because it tends to have little value due to remoteness. Morgan Lee, Indian
Housing on Front Burner, ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL, Oct. 14, 2000, at 1. Furthermore,
the trust status diminishes the market value of the land. Ingram, supra note 30,
at 165.





n61.  Often tribal members and leaders do not know whom to contact at a lending
institution to apply for a loan because of the lack of communication between
lenders and tribes. George Tibbits, More Housing Loans Essential, Indians Say:
Group Calls For Easing "Third World" Conditions, THE NEWS TRIBUNE (Tacoma, WA),
July 13, 1999, at B4 available in 1999 WL 3261841. In addition, many Native
Americans currently obtaining loans are first-generation homeowners and have no
experience obtaining home loans or negotiating with private lenders. GAO-98-49,
supra note 17.





n62.  Williams, supra note 18, at 349-50. The paternalistic attitudes of policy
makers at the national level impact significantly on Native Americans. Id. at
336. The BIA operated under the neocolonialist assumption that Native Americans
were incompetent and unable to manage their own affairs. Id. at 349. Instead of
hiring Native Americans to construct, manage, or operate projects for them, the
BIA routinely hired non-Indians. Id. Consequently, Native Americans lost many
opportunities for training, experience, and employment. Id. at 350. In turn,
private businesses would then refuse Native Americans as potential employees
citing a "lack of business traditions" among tribes, thus enhancing reservation
poverty and unemployment. Id. at 349 n.65.

   In the private sector, data on discrimination is largely unavailable for
sales, rentals, and financing. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at 232. However,
in 1989 the Montana Human Rights Commission found discrimination in 57 percent
of the tests they conducted, which was substantially higher than for other
minorities. Id. The tests consisted of sending Indian and non-Indian applicants
having the same wherewithal, housing needs, family size, etc. to rental agents,
so that differences would be attributable to discrimination only. Id. at 232
n.80. In a HUD survey, 42 percent of Indian housing authority executive
directors told HUD that discrimination was "very much a barrier" to obtaining
housing while another 32 percent said it was "somewhat of a barrier." Id. at
232.





n63.  Most lenders are located far from reservations and lack branches near
tribal lands. Tibbits, supra note 61. Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell stated,
"Many opportunities and services most of America takes for granted are not
available in Indian country. Native Americans can't simply walk into a local
bank to open a checking account or get a loan for a new house because for the
most part, these institutions are nowhere near Indian reservations." 143 CONG.
REC. S5,133 (May 23, 1997).

   Distance also adds to homebuilding costs. For example, it raises the costs of
transporting materials to and from reservations. See GAO-98-49, supra note 17.
Reservations are often distant from metropolitan areas, so they require a large
capital investment to create basic infrastructure like sewers, landfills,
electricity, and water supply. Id. Due to the heaving permafrost and vast
distances of Alaska, Native Alaskan homes must be shipped on barges to rural
locations. See Tony Hopfinger, Challenges Hit Home in the Bush Housing: Two-Day
Program Aims to Raise Awareness of Unique Needs in Rural Alaska Villages,
ANCHORAGE DAILY NEWS, Aug. 24, 2001, at E1 (quoting Tony Vaska, Executive
Director, Association of Alaska Housing Authorities). A 600-to 800-square-foot
home costs $ 200,000, which frightens potential lenders. Id. Providing the
infrastructure for these homes in the tundra, many miles from a city, for
clusters of only several hundred people is frustratingly expensive for
financiers. Id. Even in the contiguous states, each house requires approximately
$ 20,000 of infrastructure including septic tanks and cisterns on reservations
with widely-scattered homes. GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Grouping homes in
subdivisions reduces infrastructure costs. Id.

   Distance also translates into cultural and linguistic differences, as tribal
culture varies significantly from tribe to tribe. Wise, supra note 53 ("There
are 556 tribes, and they are absolutely different in every way I could imagine")
(quoting Christopher D. Boesen, Executive Director, National American Indian
Housing Council). Each lending program must be fitted to a specific tribe. Id.





n64.  Tribal law and jurisdiction generally apply to foreclosures on trust land.
Ingram, supra note 30, at 165. "Many tribes have limited practical experience or
judicial precedents in carrying out adequate remedies for traditional mortgage
lending. They generally have not developed a uniform commercial code (UCC)
system or mortgage foreclosure and eviction laws that provide lenders with the
same level of comfort as the related state laws." Id.





n65.  See supra part II. The number one factor that the General Accounting
Office identified as a barrier to Native American's access to loans is lenders'
uncertainty about recovering an outstanding balance for homes on trust land when
the borrowers default. GAO-98-49, supra note 17.





n66.  The need for accurate title searches on trust leaseholds performed in a
timely manner is enormous. Hearing 11068395, supra note 18. The BIA estimates it
has a backlog of title search requests to last the next 113 years, mostly due to
the complexity fractionation brings to probate proceedings. GAO-98-49, supra
note 17. Standard loan and mortgage approvals require between four and seven
months in processing time. Wise, supra note 53.





n67.  NAHASDA applies to federal-and state-recognized tribes. NAHASDA 4(12)(A),
25 U.S.C.A. 4103(12)(A).





n68.  Ingram, supra note 30, at 164.





n69.  This Part addresses NAHASDA as originally passed but notes amendments
where appropriate.





n70.  Title I: block grants and grant requirements; Title II: eligible families
and affordable housing activities; Title III: grant allocation amounts; Title
IV: compliance, audits, and reports; Title V: termination of other housing
assistance; Title VI: federal guarantees for financing tribal housing; and Title
VII: other housing assistance provisions. See 25 U.S.C.A. 4101-4195.





n71.  NAHASDA 101(b)(1)(A), 25 U.S.C.A. 4111(b)(1)(A).





n72.  NAHASDA 101(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4111(a). NAHASDA specifies, however, that the
Office of Native American Programs at HUD carries out NAHASDA and the Secretary
acts through it. NAHASDA 3, 25 U.S.C.A. 4102.





n73.  NAHASDA 4(21)(C), 25 U.S.C.A. 4103(21)(C).





n74.  NAHASDA 102(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(d).





n75.  NAHASDA 102, 25 U.S.C.A. 4112. The five-year plan requirement is a
statement of the tribe's commitment to serve its low-income families and how it
will generally do so. NAHASDA 102(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(b). The one-year plan is
at the heart of the housing plan because it documents the tribe's objectives and
goals for using the block grant money over the year. NAHASDA 102(c)(1), 25
U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(1). The one-year plan describes the housing needs of low-income
tribal members, the location of the need on the reservation, and a description
of how the assistance will be allocated where needed. NAHASDA 102(c)(2), 25
U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(2). The one-year plan also details how the tribe will provide
members access to financial resources to obtain employment and achieve
self-sufficiency as well as how it will provide for safety. NAHASDA
102(c)(4)(I)-(J), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(4)(I)-(J). Additionally, the tribe must
describe how it will maintain housing developed under the Housing Act of 1937,
which of the homes on the reservation will be demolished, which rental and
homeownership programs will operate during the year, and any other housing
assistance programs. NAHASDA 102(c)(4)(D)-(H), 25 U.S.C.A.4112(c)(4)(D)-(H).
Furthermore, the tribe must specify the administration responsible for
implementing the housing plan, how it will carry that out, and key personnel.
NAHASDA 102(c)(4)(K), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(4)(K). The one-year plan also details
the local private and public housing market, available rental assistance or
rehabilitation funds, or other funds "reasonably available" to the tribe and how
it will use those. NAHASDA 102(c)(3)-(4)(A), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(3)-4(A).





n76.  NAHASDA 101(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4111(a). If the Secretary fails to respond
after 60 days, the tribe may assume compliance with the Act and begin
construction. NAHASDA 103(a)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4113(a)(2).





n77.  NAHASDA 102(a)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(a)(1). Though tribes submit a
five-year plan, that does not guarantee five years of block grants. See id.





n78.  NAHASDA 106(b)(2)(B)(ii)(I), 25 U.S.C.A. 4116(b)(2)(B)(ii)(I). Forty-eight
tribal members worked with 10 HUD officials on the committee, a number which was
much larger than usual to accommodate the diversity of tribal interests and the
number and complexity of issues. Kenison, supra note 51, at 255. Approvals were
made unanimously, which, though slow, accorded with traditional Native American
negotiation methods and made for harmony. Id. at 256. The final regulations went
into effect on April 13, 1998. GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n79.  NAHASDA 106(a)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4116(a)(2).





n80.  NAHASDA 103(a)(1), 25 U.S.C. 4113(a)(1).





n81.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44. The additional monitoring extends to
scrutinizing expenditures of the block grant funds as well as requiring
quarterly program and financial reports from the tribe. Id.





n82.  NAHASDA 401(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(a). "Substantial noncompliance" is that
which either materially effects the TDHE's ability to meet its major goals and
objectives, forms a pattern or practice of willful noncompliance with NAHASDA or
its regulations, "involves the obligation or expenditure of a material amount of
the NAHASDA funds budgeted by the recipient for a material activity," or risks
fraud, waste, or abuse. 24 C.F.R. 1000.534.





n83.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n84.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 102(f)(1), 110 Stat. 4016, 4026 (1996). The
Secretary can define small tribes based on the number of assisted dwellings. Id.
at 102(f)(2). This waiver provision was rescinded. Omnibus Indian Advancement
Act (hereinafter OIAA), Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(c), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926
(2000).





n85.  See infra part V.A.





n86.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 104(b)(1), 110 Stat. 4016, 4028 (1996). The
Davis-Bacon Act (40 U.S.C. 276a-276a-5) dictates that workers may not receive
less than the prevailing wages in their locality. Id.





n87.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 105(b), 110 Stat. 4016, 4029 (1996).





n88.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 101(c)-(d), 110 Stat. 4016, 4022 (1996).
Congress amended the language of the provision in 1998, Veterans Affairs and HUD
Appropriations Act, Pub. L. No. 105-276, 595(e)(3)-(4), 112 Stat. 2461, 2656-57
(amending NAHASDA 101(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4111(d)), but the requirements were the
same. See infra part V.A.





n89.  NAHASDA 201-210, 25 U.S.C.A. 4131-4140.





n90.  NAHASDA 202(1)-(6), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132(1)-(6). NAHASDA's definition of
affordable housing activities is rather inclusive:



   Acquisition, new construction, reconstruction, or moderate or substantial
rehabilitation of affordable housing, which may include a real property
acquisition, site improvement, development of utilities and utility services,
conversion, demolition, financing, administration and planning, and other
related activities.

 NAHASDA 202(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132(2). Funding also extends to operating and
modernizing housing existing before NAHASDA. NAHASDA 202(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132
(1). Block grants can be used for investments to fund affordable housing.
NAHASDA 204, 25 U.S.C.A. 4134. NAHASDA funding for services is also very broad:



   Housing counseling in connection with rental or homeownership assistance,
establishment and support of resident organizations and resident management
corporations, energy auditing, activities related to the provision of
self-sufficiency and other services, and other services related to assisting
owners, tenants, contractors, and other entities, participating or seeking to
participate in other housing activities assisted pursuant to this section...the
provision of management services for affordable housing, including preparation
of work specifications, loan processing, inspections, tenant selection,
management of tenant-based rental assistance, and management of affordable
housing projects.

 NAHASDA 202(3)-(4), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132(3)-(4). This includes security or law
enforcement to protect residents in affordable housing from crime. NAHASDA
202(5), 25 U.S.C.A. 4132(5).





n91.  NAHASDA 201(b)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4131(b)(1).





n92.  NAHASDA 4(13), 25 U.S.C.A. 4103(13). The Secretary can adjust the income
ceiling above or below 80 percent for family size, local construction costs, or
"unusually" high or low family incomes in the area. Id. On the other hand, a
tribal housing authority may assist non-low-income families if "there is a need
for housing for such families that cannot reasonably be met without such
assistance." NAHASDA 201(b)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4131(b)(2). Non-Indian families are
eligible for NAHASDA funds if (1) they reside on the reservation, (2) they
cannot reasonably afford housing without NAHASDA funding, and (3) "the presence
of the family on the Indian reservation or other Indian area is essential to the
well-being of Indian families." NAHASDA 201(b)(3), 25 U.S.C.A. 4131(b)(3).





n93.  NAHASDA 205(a)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4135(a)(2). Housing must remain affordable
for the useful life of the housing unit despite transfers and mortgages, but
that does not apply to lenders' foreclosure sales or when the Secretary
determines that the requirement does not comport with "sound economics and the
purposes of this Act." Id. NAHASDA censures violations by allowing the Secretary
to demand repayment for the unit in violation or to lower future grants by the
cost of the unit. NAHASDA 209, 25 U.S.C.A. 4139.





n94.  NAHASDA 203(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4133(a). Monthly rent may not exceed 30
percent of the occupants' monthly income reduced by $ 480 for each minor,
disabled family member, or full-time student; $ 400 for elderly members;
necessary child care expenses; income earned by minor family members; commuting
expenses no greater than $ 25 per week per family; and amounts provided under
the housing plan. NAHASDA 4(1), 203(a)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4103(1), 4133(a)(2).





n95.  NAHASDA 203(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4133(c).





n96.  This includes notice of eviction, no evictions except for good cause, etc.
NAHASDA 207(a)(3)-(5), 25 U.S.C.A. 4137(a)(3)-(5). In 1998, Congress amended
207(b) to apply to homebuyers and owners as well. Veterans Affairs and HUD
Appropriations Act, Pub. L. No. 105-276, 595(b), 112 Stat. 2461, 2656 (amending
NAHASDA 207(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4137(b)).





n97.  NAHASDA 301-302, 25 U.S.C.A. 4151-4152.





n98.  NAHASDA 302(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(a).





n99.  NAHASDA 302(b)-(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(b)-(c). The formula can include other
objectively measurable factors. NAHASDA 302(b)(3), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(b)(3).





n100.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n101.  See 24 C.F.R. appendices A & B to pt. 1000. The formula calculating the
amount of the block grant incorporates two needs: providing affordable housing
and maintaining and operating existing housing. GAO 99-16, supra note 44. In
calculating the former, HUD relies on tribal population, income, local costs of
housing, the extent of the housing shortage, and local housing conditions. Id.
Each factor has different significance in the total formula. Id. For example,
the tribe's share of the total Native American population counts as 11 percent
of the formula. Id. In calculating the latter, HUD looks to the number of
housing units, operation and maintenance costs, inflation since 1996, the
difference between the tribal housing entity's costs for operating and
modernizing as compared to the national average, and certain minimum levels of
funding. Id. NAHASDA requires HUD to review the formula and revise it as
necessary within five years. Id.





n102.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 302(d), 110 Stat. 4016, 4036-37 (1996).





n103.  NAHASDA 401-407, 25 U.S.C.A. 4161-4167. The grant recipient must conduct
a compliance survey at least annually for performance measures the Secretary
specifies, NAHASDA 403(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4163(c), including onsite inspections, a
report of the use of grant funds, a determination of whether the tribe met its
goals, and a description of accomplishments and changes that need to be made,
NAHASDA 403(b), 404(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4163(b), 4164(b). Ninety days after the end
of each fiscal year, the Secretary must submit to Congress a report of progress
in accomplishing the goals of the Act, a summary of funds used, and a
description of outstanding loan guarantees. NAHASDA 407, 25 U.S.C.A. 4167.





n104.  NAHASDA 401(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(a). To replace the TDHE, the Secretary
must determine that there was a pattern indicating substantial or willful
noncompliance. NAHASDA 402(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4162(b); supra note 82 (defining
substantial noncompliance and willful noncompliance). The tribe must approve of
the Secretary's replacement. NAHASDA 402(c)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4162(c)(1).





n105.  NAHASDA 401(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(c); supra note 82. This includes
recovery of the amount not expended as well as mandatory or injunctive relief.
NAHASDA 401(c)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(c)(2).





n106.  NAHASDA 401(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(d). The court must uphold the
Secretary's conclusion if it is supported by "substantial evidence on the record
as a whole." NAHASDA 401(d)(3)(A), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(d)(3)(A). Otherwise, the
court may set aside the Secretary's conclusion partially or entirely. Id. This
provision has been criticized as unfairly burdensome and unrealistic because it
is difficult and expensive for tribes to prepare an appellate brief and there is
no record for the appellate court to review because no trial was conducted.
Hearings on the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of
1996 Before the Comm. on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs and Indian Affairs,
104th Cong. (1996) available in 1996 WL 10165165 (statement of A. Brian Wallace,
Vice-Chairman, Washoe Tribal Council). As of publication, no published circuit
court opinions are available.





n107.  NAHASDA 401(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4161(b).





n108.  See supra notes 45-46.





n109.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 501-506, 110 Stat. 4016, 4041-45 (codified
in scattered sections of Titles 13, 25, and 42).





n110.  NAHASDA 601(b), 602(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4191(b), 4192(c). The requirements
include being unable to obtain financing without the guarantee, entering a
contract acceptable to the Secretary for repaying the debt, pledging NAHASDA
grants to the creditor, proving that the tribe is capable of repaying the debt
without impairing the tribe's ability to use grant amounts, and furnishing
security acceptable to the Secretary. NAHASDA 601(b), 602(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4191
(b), 4192(a).





n111.  NAHASDA 601(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4191(d).





n112.  NAHASDA 602(b)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4192(b)(2).





n113.  NAHASDA 605(a), (c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4195(a), (c).





n114.  NAHASDA 604, 25 U.S.C.A. 4194.





n115.  NAHASDA 702, 25 U.S.C.A. 4211.





n116.  NAHASDA 703, 25 U.S.C.A. 4212.





n117.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n118.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n119.  Mark Fogarty, Indian Tribes Endorse Housing Act before Congress, INDIAN
COUNTRY TODAY, Jan. 19, 2001.





n120.  Fogarty, supra note 119.





n121.  Reza, supra note 17.





n122.  Mark Fogarty, Federal Audit Gives Decent Marks to Implementation of
Tribal Housing Act, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Aug. 22, 2001, at A6. In an audit
completed in August 2001, the Office of the Inspector General at HUD "passed" 15
of 17 studied tribal housing entities for administrative compliance with
NAHASDA. Id. The audit also discovered that HUD improperly funded 300 tribal
housing entities by miscalculating the number of housing units per tribe. Id.
HUD recouped the $ 1.6 million of overfunding and has solved the calculation
problem. Id.





n123. " Indian communities are different than metropolitan communities[;] in
fact Indian communities are often vastly different from one another." 142 CONG.
REC. H11,613 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Lazio). "One size does not fit
all. Nowhere do we have greater evidence of this truth than when it comes to the
challenge of housing for native Americans." 142 CONG. REC. H11,617 (Sept. 28,
1996) (statement of Rep. Hayworth).





n124.  Representative Lazio introduced NAHASDA to the House of Representatives,
stating: "This bill heralds a new era in the relations between Congress and
Indian tribes." 142 CONG. REC. E507 (Mar. 29, 1996).



   Most Americans probably have never heard of the bill, but for native
Americans, this may be the most important bill this Congress has considered. The
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 is a
historic step to the promise we made to native Americans and that we make to
every American...That promise is at the very foundation of our beliefs, in the
Declaration of Independence: "we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain
unalienable Rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of
happiness." Being able to pursue your own dreams, owning a home, having a decent
place to live and a community that is empowered to heal itself when necessary,
to succeed on its own and, ultimately, to be responsible for its own destiny -
these are not gifts we grant to only a chosen few in this country. This promise
is what America is about and it is this promise that leads us today to consider
the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act.

 142 CONG. REC. H11,613 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Lazio).





n125. " We say to the first Americans in this instance, "You are not forgotten
Americans, and moreover, you have the right to self-determination, to
self-governance, to decide how best to spend this money.'" 142 CONG. REC.
H11,617 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Hayworth). The congressional
findings state, "federal assistance to meet these [trust] responsibilities
should be provided in a manner that recognizes the right of Indian
self-determination and tribal self-governance by making such assistance
available directly to the Indian tribes or tribally designated entities."
NAHASDA 2(7), 25 U.S.C.A. 4101(7).





n126.  NAHASDA 102(d)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(d)(1).





n127.  Representative Richard Lazio of New York stated:



   Tribal governments and housing authorities should also have the ability and
responsibility to strategically plan their own communities' development,
focusing on the long-term health of the community and the results of their work,
not over-burdened by excessive regulation. Providing the maximum amount of
flexibility in the use of housing dollars...allows for innovation and local
problem-solving capabilities that are crucial to the success of any
community-based strategy.

 142 CONG. REC. E507 (March 29, 1996).





n128.  Title VI loan guarantees are the "hidden jewel" of NAHASDA. Mark Fogarty,
HUD Will Guarantee Up to $ 2 Billion of Indian Housing, NATIONAL MORTGAGE NEWS,
Dec. 16, 1996, at 14. They are "crucial" to NAHASDA's success. Hearing on
NAHASDA Implementations and S.400 Before the Senate Comm. on Indian Affairs,
106th Cong. (March 17, 1999), available in 1999 WL 150158 (statement of Chester
Carl, Chairman of the National American Indian Housing Council) (hereinafter
Hearing 150158). Guarantees can back a variety of investments from bonds to bank
loans worth five times the block grant. Fogarty, supra, at 14. Through them,
tribes can finance the large-scale housing development they need to clear their
waiting lists. Id.; but see infra notes 137 & 200 and accompanying text.





n129.  GAO 99-16, supra note 44. No longer would tribes have to compete for
program money awards. Id. NAHASDA ended the bewildering, ambiguous array of
housing programs, Hearing 8219955, supra note 45, and prevented the abuses which
confusion allows because NAHASDA monitors all tribes and TDHEs, Hearing 8219856,
supra note 44. NAHASDA was also good for the federal government because it was
simpler to implement. GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n130.  NAHASDA's findings state that Congress "assumed a trust responsibility
for the protection and preservation of Indian tribes" and that "providing
affordable homes in safe and healthy environments is an essential element in the
special role of the United States in helping tribes and their members to improve
their housing conditions and socioeconomic status." NAHASDA (2), (4)-(5), 25
U.S.C.A. 4101(2), (4)-(5).





n131.  According to Senator John McCain of Arizona, "Tribal block grants are
consistent with long-standing principles of Indian self-determination and tribal
self-governance and should enhance the long-standing trust relationship between
the United States and Indian tribal governments." 142 CONG. REC. S12,405 (Oct.
3, 1996).





n132.  Congress authorized the Secretary to distribute NAHASDA funds until
fiscal year 2001 when he must be reauthorized to continue. NAHASDA 108, 25
U.S.C.A. 4117. Both the Senate and House of Representatives are considering
bills that would extend NAHASDA until 2006. H.R. 1873, 107th Cong. 2 (2001); S.
1210, 107th Cong. 2(a) (2001). Upon introducing the Senate reauthorization bill
on July 20, 2001, Senator Ben Nighthorse Campbell spoke in favor of NAHASDA
reauthorization. See 147 CONG. REC. S8,015 (July 20, 2001) (statement of Sen.
Campbell). Senator Campbell described NAHASDA's success in erecting a large
number of housing units and in placing tribes "in the driver's seat" to decide
how to implement their own housing plan. Id. Despite NAHASDA's success, the
Senator expressed his reservations that NAHASDA has not resolved crucial
problems in Native American housing:



   Even with all the success of NAHASDA, Indian communities continue to live in
the worst housing conditions in the United States...These statistics illustrate
that there is still much work to be done. NAHASDA has been a good first step in
improving living conditions in Indian and Alaska Native Communities, however
there is still a tremendous need for adequate housing in these communities.

 Id; see also infra part IV (discussing NAHASDA's technical and policy
oversights). Neither the House nor the Senate reauthorization bills would amend
NAHASDA to correct the Act's deficiencies. See H.R. 1873, 107th Cong. 2 (2001);
S. 1210, 107th Cong. 2(a) (2001). Senator Campbell nonetheless supports NAHASDA
because it is an improvement over prior housing programs and allows tribes to
better meet their housing needs. See 147 CONG. REC. S8,015 (July 20, 2001)
(statement of Sen. Campbell). Eighty-one percent of tribes that the National
American Indian Housing Council surveyed also supported NAHASDA reauthorization
because they noticed improvements in their housing conditions. See Reza, supra
note 17.





n133.  GAO-98-49, supra note 17. Even when federally guaranteed against loss,
private lenders still made few loans. Id. Only 128 loans were made under HUD
guarantee programs by October 1997. Id. Lenders were still unsure whether they
could foreclose on trust lands; they did not understand the complex and varied
status of land ownership in Indian country; they were unfamiliar with tribal
courts where foreclosure is litigated; and they worried about tribes that did
not have foreclosure ordinances or procedures. Id. The impact of expanded
leaseholds was uncertain even before the Act's passage, for some reservation
leaseholds far exceeded 25 years but financing was difficult regardless. Id.
Even when the barriers to Native Americans' access to conventional loans were
lowered, poverty still prohibited qualifying for loans. Id. Furthermore, the
demand for accurate title searches of trust leaseholds performed in a timely
manner was still enormous. Hearing 11068395, supra note 18. For mortgages to
become a reality for Native Americans, NAHASDA must improve title searches. Id.
Congress recently established a commission to analyze the title searching system
and recommend how to improve or replace the system. OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568,
1001(a), (d), 114 Stat. 2868, 2923-24 (2000). It is uncertain how much the
committee can do without more funding or staffers for title searches.





n134.  According to the Rosebud Sioux Tribal Court:



   Lack of electric service to [public housing] will have a direct effect on the
economic security of the tribe and its members since the lack of that kind of
service will reduce the productive use of the homes by tribal members. In
addition, the homes were built to provide shelter to eligible members of the
tribe, and therefore, there can be no logical argument otherwise that the health
and welfare of tribal members will be directly affected by the lack of electric
service to these homes.

 Rosebud Hous. Auth. v. LaCreek Power Coop., Inc., No. CIV-85-375, 13 INDIAN L.
REP. 6029, 6031 (Rbd. Sx. Tr. Ct. 1986), quoted in Ulmer, supra note 33, at 172
n.302.





n135.  Hearing 150158, supra note 128. Under the direction of the Office of
Management and Budget, for example, HUD would guarantee only 80 percent of loans
under Title VI. Id; Fogarty 18767347, supra note 52. Furthermore, though NAHASDA
allows HUD to require additional security for guarantees if necessary, HUD
instead required additional security for every guarantee. Hearing 150158, supra
note 128. Lastly, HUD requires tribes to demonstrate that they have "experience
with complex financial transactions" to receive guarantees, though that is not
in NAHASDA's language. Id. This is particularly hard on many small tribes or
their tribal housing entities because they have never borrowed money before or
lack expertise in lending. Id.





n136.  Fogarty, supra note 27. "Training and knowledge of resources is an
essential element" of self-determination. HUD Conference to Address Native
American Housing Needs, PR NEWSWIRE, April 13, 2000. Because Native Americans
were not aware of this resource, they did not apply for it. Fogarty, supra note
27.





n137.  By February 24, 1999, no regulations had been published. Hearing 8086307,
supra note 16. It was not until four years after NAHASDA's enactment, that the
first loan federally guaranteed under Title VI was closed. Fogarty, supra note
27.

   Recently, two hundred tribal representatives walked out of a four-day meeting
with HUD because HUD would not consult with them in the rulemaking process.
Brian Stockes, Tribes Reject HUD Consultation Policy, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Aug.
1, 2001, available in <http://www.indiancountry.com/articles/headline-2001-08-0
1-04.shtml>. HUD interprets NAHASDA to require negotiated rulemaking only for
the initial implementing regulations. Id. This is contrary to NAHASDA's language
which states, "all regulations required under this Act shall be issued according
to a negotiated rulemaking procedure." NAHASDA 106, 25 U.S.C.A. 4116(b). HUD's
policy also counters President Clinton's second executive order requiring each
federal agency to consult with tribal governments before changing a regulatory
scheme. Stockes, supra. Tribes are concerned that NAHASDA and the executive
order afford no appeal to HUD's actions. Id.





n138.  Fogarty 19316638, supra note 52. Because NAHASDA enabled tribes to create
new housing entities, revive old ones, or designate themselves as a housing
entity, the number of tribal housing authorities more than doubled, increasing
from 217 housing authorities to 575. GAO 99-16, supra note 44. This strained
HUD's staffers to provide technical assistance, so tribes must compete with each
other for it. Id. HUD had 178 staffers in 1998, who needed 221 staff years to
fully implement the active Native American housing programs, including NAHASDA.
Id. Block grants now go to more than 500 TDHEs and tribes, which effectively
means "more slices out of the same pie." Hamilton, supra note 27. Finally,
smaller tribes simply do not have the money to administer housing plans and
train staffers. Alex Tizon and Eric Nalder, Well-Run Housing Has a Higher Price:
Tribes Say They need Millions More to Take New Role as Watchdog, THE SEATTLE
TIMES, June 12, 1997, available in 1997 WL 3238419. The paralyzing question for
smaller tribes is, "How are we going to pay for all this?" Id. Two-thirds of
tribal housing entities depleted their reserve accounts just to operate until
NAHASDA took effect. Hearing 150158, supra note 128.





n139.  According to Representative Kennedy:



   We can do all sorts of things and make block grants and do all sorts of
Band-Aid solutions to the problem, but until we start funding Indian housing to
a point where we actually provide people with shelter that is decent,
affordable, and works, then none of these Band-Aid solutions are going to make
the slightest bit of real difference...So let us not pretend in any way that the
legislation that we have today will significantly change the lives and housing
concerns of the vast majority of Indians.

 142 CONG. REC. H11,614 (Sept. 28, 1996) (statement of Rep. Kennedy).





n140.  Hearing 11068395, supra note 18. Because some Native Americans living
off-reservation rely on welfare, welfare reform may goad them to return to their
reservation. Id. It is estimated that 50,000 of the 250,000 off-reservation
Native Americans will return. Id. The additional burden to construct houses for
the returning Native Americans on NAHASDA funding is estimated to be over $ 122
million per year. Id. The loss of welfare may also impact the tribe's block
grant because welfare may count as income under NAHASDA's formula. Id. Since
NAHASDA limits housing authorities to charge only one-third of the tenant's
income as rent, and welfare reform decreases the tenant's income, less funding
will be allocated under NAHASDA. Id.





n141.  Reza, supra note 17. "It will take a decade to catch up with current
demand, but not enough to meet growing demand...In other words, it's hopeless
without greater funding." Id. (quoting Chester Carl, Chairman, National American
Indian Housing Council). Last year tribes requested $ 975 million to fund basic
housing needs like infrastructure, low-rent housing, and counseling services
without factoring in the rapid growth of the Native American population. Hearing
11068395, supra note 18. In fiscal year 1999, however, block grant assistance
totaled $ 620 million, Fogarty 18767347, supra note 52, and in 1998 it was $ 590
million, GAO 99-16, supra note 44.





n142.  The Rosebud Reservation looks to the "innovative" solution of a
partnership with the Sicangu Enterprise Center ("SEC") which prepares new
homeowners and helps them apply for loans. Flentgen, supra note 58, at 1. The
SEC has four people on its staff working 12 to 14 hour-days, six or seven days a
week, for 217 clients. Id. Two to three hundred Sioux are waiting for
homeownership units, however, and over four hundred await housing. Id. The tribe
has also acquired 20 homes which were built by inmates at the state penitentiary
and several homes through Operation Walking Shield which transported former
military housing to the reservation. Id. at 3.

   The White Mountain Apache tribe used $ 7 million from Title VI to finance
tax-exempt bonds leveraging $ 25 million for housing. Mark Fogarty, Homes Going
Up on Southwest's Fort Apache Reservation, KNIGHT-RIDDER TRIBUNE BUSINESS NEWS:
INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, April 17, 2000, available in 2000 WL 19316628. The bond
financed construction of 250 homes, but there is a waiting list of 1,000
families in the tribe. Id.





n143.  Cuomo Announces Plan to Remove Roadblock to Housing Development on
Reservations, U.S. NEWSWIRE, May 11, 1999, available in 1999 WL 4638328. Tribes
were denied NAHASDA funding entirely because of minor, technical errors or
inability to complete the surveys, and not actual environmental problems. Id.
The Coeur d'Alene Tribe, the Yakima Tribe, and the Lower Elwha Klallam Tribe
were denied $ 3.3 million, $ 969,000, and $ 1.4 million, respectively. Id. While
tribes may perform the assessment themselves or ask HUD to do it, HUD's
resources are limited, so it cannot meet the demand. Hearing 8086307, supra note
16. The environment is an area in which Native Americans feel over-regulated and
wish the federal government would avoid, so environmental reviews are a
critical, and sometimes offensive, requirement for Native Americans. Sandi B.
Zellmer, Indian Lands as Critical Habitat for Indian Nations and Endangered
Species: Tribal Survival and Sovereignty Come First, 43 S.D. L. REV. 381, 418
(1998).





n144.  NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 101(d), 110 Stat. 4016, 4022 (1996).
NAHASDA additionally requires the prospective block grant recipient to pay "user
fees" for services provided by state or local governments. Id. Some states do
not exempt tribal housing authorities from state and local property taxes,
leaving many Native Americans without housing funds. Tribal Public Housing
Deserves Simple Parity, THE NEWS TRIBUNE (Tacoma, WA), Feb. 11, 2000, at A12,
available in 2000 WL 5326290. In Washington State, for instance, the tax
exemption provision effectively rendered all Native American housing authorities
without housing assistance, because the State taxed tribal housing authorities.
Id. The impact of the tax qualification bears disproportionately on smaller
tribes which do not have large amounts of tax-exempt trust lands. Id.





n145.  142 CONG. REC. S12,406 (Oct. 3, 1996) (statement of Sen. McCain). HUD
applies the Davis-Bacon Act requirements under the "one dollar" test if even one
dollar of NAHASDA funding is used. Hearing 150158, supra note 128; but see 24
C.F.R. 1000.16(a)(3) (excepting from the Davis-Bacon wage requirements prime
contracts of $ 2,000 or less). Senator John McCain of Arizona voiced his
distress:



   I am particularly disturbed by provisions adopted by the House regarding the
application of the Davis-Bacon wage requirements...As long as I have worked with
Indian affairs, I have heard from Indian tribes, time and time again,
overwhelming opposition to the application of Davis-Bacon wage requirements on
Indian reservations. As chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, I have an
obligation to protect tribal sovereignty and fight the age-old paternalism of
the Federal Government to impose policies on Indian tribes that are not
appropriate and that undermine the ability of tribal governments to make their
own decisions about how to protect their people and manage their own affairs.

 142 CONG. REC. S12,405 (Oct. 3, 1996). The wage requirements inordinately
impact on reservations because they are typically rural and there is little
unionization. Id. at S12,406. The requirement raises wages at most $ 10 per hour
higher than the regional rate. Hearing 8219856, supra note 44. Aside from
wasting critically needed funds, the wage requirements also undermine tribal
governments' authority because they are less able to provide affordable housing.
142 CONG. REC. S12,405-06 (Oct. 3, 1996) (statement of Sen. McCain).





n146.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003, 114 Stat. 2868, 2925-30 (2000).
President Clinton signed it into law on December 27, 2000. Clinton Statement:
Signing of the "Omnibus Indian Advancement Act", U.S. NEWSWIRE, Dec. 27, 2000,
available in 2000 WL 26852457 (hereinafter Statement 26852457).





n147.  Hearing on NAHASDA Implementations and S.400 Before the Senate Comm. on
Indian Affairs, 106th Cong. (March 17, 1999) available in 1999 WL 150147
(statement of Jacqueline Johnson, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Native American
Programs) (stating that much of the legislation is similar or identical to the
final regulations for NAHASDA in 24 C.F.R. Part 1000) (hereinafter Hearing
150147). For example, NAHASDA is amended to allow non-low-income families to
qualify for housing under certain conditions, OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568,
1003(b), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926 (2000), but the Act and regulations already
allowed them to participate under the same conditions, NAHASDA, Pub. L. No.
104-330, 201(b)(2), 110 Stat. 4016, 4031 (1996).





n148.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(f)(2), 114 Stat. 2868, 2927-28 (2000)
(amending 405). The amendment is unnecessary, because NAHASDA is already covered
under the Single Audit Act. Hearing 150147, supra note 147. The amendment,
however, gives the Secretary unlimited authority to audit. Hearing 150158, supra
note 128. This may force tribes to compromise their time and staff for auditing
rather than providing tribal members with housing. Id.





n149.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(a)(1), 114 Stat. 2868, 2925-26 (2000)
(amending 101(b)(2)). The Secretary had not waived the submission requirements
for any tribe as of March 17, 1999. Hearing 150147, supra note 147.





n150.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(c), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926 (2000) (deleting
102(f)). The regulations in the C.F.R. treat small and large tribes identically
anyway. Hearing 150147, supra note 147 (citing 24 C.F.R. 1000.222).





n151.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(d), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926 (2000) (amending
105). The Secretary may waive the environmental survey requirement if (1) that
will not frustrate national environmental policy, (2) no one's health or safety
is threatened, (3) inability to comply is through inadvertent error, and (4) the
recipient can correct the error by their own action. Id. This provision does not
make clear whether the burden is on the tribe to produce the evidence to satisfy
the test. In addition, the fourth prong allows waiver only for minor errors that
the tribe can correct. Waiver is thus not available for tribes that do not have
the technical ability to correct the errors. This will impact disproportionately
on small tribes that do not have or cannot afford the training to survey
appropriately.





n152.  The original 302(d), which provided that tribes were not to receive less
in their block grant than in 1996, NAHASDA, Pub. L. No. 104-330, 302(d)(1), 110
Stat. 4016, 4036-37 (1996), was deleted, OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(g), 114
Stat. 2868, 2928 (2000) (amending NAHASDA 309(d)(1), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(d)(1)).
This provision applies to tribes operating fewer than 250 public housing units.
OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(g)(2), 114 Stat. 2868, 2928 (2000) (amending
301(d)(1)). If the allocation formula yields an amount greater than they
received in 1996 for operation and modernization assistance, their modernization
assistance is then limited to the average of what they received annually for
modernization between fiscal years 1992 and 1997 from the 1937 Housing Act (42
U.S.C. 14371). Id. Nevertheless, the provision is actually fair because the
block grant appropriations are insufficient. Hearing 150158, supra note 128.





n153.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(h), 114 Stat. 2868, 2928-29 (2000)
(amending 401(a)). The Secretary must conduct a hearing within 60 days of
finding noncompliance before taking further action. Id. at 1003(h)(4), 114 Stat.
2929. In 24 C.F.R. 1000.538, there is already a hearing provision for NAHASDA,
but the time frame is 90 days under 24 C.F.R. 26.44. Hearing 150147, supra note
147. Closing the window may give HUD and tribes less time to perform discovery
and other actions before the hearing. Id.





n154.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(i), 114 Stat. 2868, 2929-30 (2000)
(amending 401(b)). The performance agreement lasts for one year, after which the
Secretary reviews the tribe's performance and decides to take further action or
enter another year-long performance agreement if there is a good faith effort to
comply. Id. The performance agreement may allow federal control to continue ad
infinitum. Hearing 150158, supra note 128.





n155.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(a)(2), 114 Stat. 2868, 2926 (2000)
(amending 101(c)).





n156.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 1003(j), 114 Stat. 2868, 2930 (2000) (amending
104(b)).





n157.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(13)(B), 114 Stat. 2868, 2874 (2000). The
Supreme Court questioned whether legislating for Native Hawaiians could be done
without invidious racial discrimination in Rice v. Cayetano, 528 U.S. 495 (2000)
(striking down a state provision prohibiting non-Native Hawaiians from voting
for the board of trustees of the Office of Hawaiian Affairs of the State of
Hawaii to which Congress delegated administration of the trust corpus), but the
Court distinguished Morton v. Mancari, 417 U.S. 535 (1974) (upholding an
employment preference for Native Americans at the BIA) because there the federal
government did not delegate its administration authority to a state and because
the federal government's relationship with Native Americans is a political, not
racial, classification. The provision classifying Native Hawaiians by ancestry,
however, was a proxy for racial, not political affiliation. Rice, 528 U.S. at
514. This distinction may prove troublesome for Title VIII because it classifies
Native Hawaiians by ancestry. See infra note 158.





n158.  Under Title VIII, "Native Hawaiians" are United States citizens descended
from the aboriginal people that occupied Hawaii and exercised sovereignty prior
to 1778 as demonstrated by genealogical records, kupuna elders, kama'aina
long-term community residents, or state birth records. NAHASDA 801(9), 25
U.S.C.A. 4221(9).

   The native people of Hawaii refer to themselves as "Kanaka Maoli," "Native
Hawaiians," or simply "Hawaiians." Jon M. Van Dyke, The Political Status of the
Native Hawaiian People, 17 YALE L. & POL'Y REV. 95, 97 (1998). This note refers
to the native people of Hawaii as "Native Hawaiians," because the Hawaiian
Homelands Homeownership Act of 2000 refers to them by that name.





n159.  Native Hawaiians were eligible for general housing assistance, but not
targeted. Mark Fogarty, Native Hawaiians Likely to Become Eligible for Housing
Assistance, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Dec. 29, 2000, available in 2000 WL 31021679.





n160.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 203, 114 Stat. 2868, 2876 (2000).





n161.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(5)-(6), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873 (2000).





n162.  146 CONG. REC. E775 (May 19, 2000) (statement of Rep. Abercrombie). The
Hawaiian Homes Commission Act of 1920 placed the land in trust for Native
Hawaiians. Id. Title was transferred to the State of Hawaii in 1959 upon
statehood with the requirement that the land would be held in public trust for
bettering Native Hawaiians. Id. Hawaii thus assumed the federal trust
responsibility and administered it through its state agency, the Department of
Hawaiian Home Lands. Id.





n163.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(5), 202(6)(B), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873
(2000).





n164.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(6)(A), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873 (2000).





n165.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(7)(B), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873 (2000). I.e.,
13,000 need housing. Id.





n166.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(8)(B), 202(9), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873
(2000). Below the median family income are 70.8 percent of Native Hawaiians. Id.
at 202(8)(A), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873. Rent over 30 percent of income is harsh, for
the amount remaining is insufficient for basic levels of food, clothing, and
other necessities. HUD Assessment, supra note 21, at 72.





n167.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(10), 114 Stat. 2868, 2873-74 (2000).





n168.  For convenience, "NAHASDA" in this Part refers to the Native American
Housing Assistance Act of 1996 before the addition of Title VIII.





n169.  Fogarty, supra note 159.





n170.  146 CONG. REC. E775 (May 19, 2000) (statement of Rep. Abercrombie).





n171.  NAHASDA 801(1), 801(6)-801(7), 802(b)(1)(A), 25 U.S.C.A. 4221(1),
4221(6)-(7), 4222(b)(1)(A).





n172.  NAHASDA 802(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(a).





n173.  NAHASDA 802(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(a). Block grants may be used to purchase
or improve lands and housing for lease or ownership as well as develop
infrastructure and other activities. NAHASDA 810(a)-(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4229
(a)-(b). The block grant may also be used for financing, demolition, and
counseling inter alia. NAHASDA 802(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4229(b).





n174.  NAHASDA 802(b)(1)(B), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(b)(1)(B).





n175.  NAHASDA 803(b)-(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4223(b)-(c). The five-year plan must
include a statement of goals and objectives for serving low-income families as
well as an activities plan, mirroring Title I requirements. NAHASDA 102(b),
803(b)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(b), 4223(b)(2). The one-year plan must include
statements of goals and objectives, low-income families' housing needs, and
financial and affordable housing resources available to the HHL-Dept as required
under Title I. NAHASDA 102(c), 803(c), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c), 4223(c).





n176.  NAHASDA 803(c)(E), 25 U.S.C.A. 4223(c)(E). There is a compliance waiver
provision in Title VIII. NAHASDA 802(b)(2), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(b)(2). As under
Title I, the certificate of compliance is for federal civil rights legislation,
HUD regulations, and other federal laws and regulations. NAHASDA 102(c)(5),
803(c)(E), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(c)(5), 4223(c)(E).





n177.  NAHASDA 805(b)(1)(B), 25 U.S.C.A. 4225(b)(1)(B).





n178.  NAHASDA 806, 25 U.S.C.A. 4226.





n179.  Title VIII has no provision similar to the local cooperation agreement
for utilities or payments in lieu of tax under 101(c) or tax-exemption under
101(d).





n180.  NAHASDA 802(e), 809(a)(1)(B), 25 U.S.C.A. 4222(e), 4228(a)(1)(B); c.f.
NAHASDA 101(i).





n181.  OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 204, 114 Stat. 2868, 2895-2903 (2000)
(codified in 12 U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b).





n182.  The findings of fact recognize that Native Hawaiians have "an ongoing
right of self-determination," OIAA, Pub. L. No. 106-568, 202(13)(E)(ii), 114
Stat. 2868, 2874 (2000), but Title VIII does not require their approval or input
for housing plans that the HHL-Dept. submits for them. NAHASDA allows TDHEs to
submit housing plans for tribes, but only if the tribal government has first
reviewed the plan and authorized its submission, or if the tribe delegated its
authority to the TDHE. NAHASDA 102(d), 25 U.S.C.A. 4112(d). The nearest Title
VIII comes to tribal review is buried in 803(c)(2)(D)(x)(III) requiring a
description of how the HHL-Dept. will "allow resident input and involvement,
including the establishment of resident organizations," yet Native Hawaiian
approval is not required. 25 U.S.C.A. 4223(c)(2)(D)(x)(III). The Secretary makes
the regulations for Native Hawaiians, because there is no negotiated rulemaking
committee of tribal representatives. Compare NAHASDA 807, 25 U.S.C.A. 4227 with
NAHASDA 106(b), 25 U.S.C.A. 4116(b). Native Hawaiians are unable to make
suggestions in the block grant formula, whereas Native Americans can. Compare
NAHASDA 817(b)(3), 25 U.S.C.A. 4236(b)(3) ("The formula...shall be based on
factors...including...any other objectively measurable conditions that the
Secretary and the Director [of the HHL-Dept.] may specify") with NAHASDA
302(b)(3), 25 U.S.C.A. 4152(b)(3) ("... other objectively measurable conditions
as the Secretary and the Indian tribes may specify").





n183. " The Secretary shall issue final regulations necessary to carry out this
title not later than October 1, 2000," NAHASDA 807, 25 U.S.C.A. 4227, but
President Clinton signed the OIAA into law on December 27, 2000, Statement
26852457, supra note 146. The allocation formula, however, must be established
within six months of enactment. NAHASDA 817(a), 25 U.S.C.A. 4236(a).





n184.  First, Native Hawaiian guarantees under Section 184A are restricted to
97.75 or 98.75 percent of the property value on which the loan is taken out, 12
U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b(c)(5)(C)(i), not up to five times the block grant under
NAHASDA and the loan cannot be used to finance dwellings larger than four
families, 12 U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b(c)(2)(A). To guarantee a loan with a larger
principal, the applicant must ask permission from the Secretary. 12 U.S.C.A.
1715z-13b(c)(5)(C)(ii). This provision is rather limiting because much of the
land put in trust for Native Hawaiians has low market value. Fogarty, supra note
159. Though Native Hawaiian families may take out the guaranteed loan, 12
U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b(c)(1)(A)), there is no provision for public training or
information as in NAHASDA, NAHASDA 604, 25 U.S.C.A. 4194. The Secretary will
issue a guarantee only if he believes there is a reasonable chance the loan will
be repaid, but there is no similar provision in NAHASDA. 12 U.S.C.A. 1715z-13b
(d)(2)). Under NAHASDA, the Secretary may deny guarantees if he determines it is
"an unacceptable financial risk," require the tribe to demonstrate that the loan
is within their financial capacity, or require more security. NAHASDA 601(c),
602(a)(3)-(4), 25 U.S.C.A. 4191(c), 4192(a)(3)-(4). The Title VI guarantees
under NAHASDA were regarded as the jewel of the Act because tribes could
undertake large developments to address their long waiting lists. See supra note
128 and accompanying text. Section 184A guarantees for Native Hawaiians,
however, are substantially limited.





n185. " There has never been a better time for Native American tribes to improve
housing in Indian Country...[NAHASDA] has been called the most significant
Indian housing legislation since the creation of the federal Indian housing
program." Ingram, supra note 30, at 164.





n186.  See supra notes 78, 123 & 125 and accompanying text; but see note 137
(noting that HUD refused to consult with tribes after the initial
implementation, despite explicit language in NAHASDA).





n187.  See supra note 126.





n188.  See supra note 119.





n189.  See supra note 141 and accompanying text.





n190.  Fogarty, supra note 159.





n191.  See supra note 138.





n192.  See supra notes 44 & 138.





n193.  Ingram, supra note 30, at 181.





n194.  See supra part V.A..





n195.  See supra part V.A..





n196.  See supra part V.A..





n197.  See supra note 182 and accompanying text; see also supra note 137 (noting
that HUD refused to consult with tribes after the initial implementation,
despite explicit language in NAHASDA).





n198.  See supra note 182.





n199.  See supra notes 133-134 and accompanying text.





n200.  Mark Fogarty, Title VI Loan Bought in Secondary Market Will Finance
Pojoaque Housing, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Aug. 22, 2001, at D1 (hereinafter
Fogarty-Secondary Market). By contrast, block grant funding in fiscal year 2001
was $ 650 million. Fogarty 19316638, supra note 52. The loans were $ 1.7 million
for the Asa'carsarmiut tribe from the First National Bank of Anchorage, AK;
Fogarty, supra note 27; $ 5.3 million for the Catawba tribe from the First Union
Corp. of Charlotte, NC, to build 120 homes; Mark Fogarty, South Carolina Indian
Reservation Loaned $ 5.3 Million to Develop Housing, INDIAN COUNTRY TODAY, Nov.
27, 2000, available in 2000 WL 29944456; $ 900,000 for 40 homes on the Lac Court
Oreilles reservation in Winter, WI; $ 1.525 million for a mobile home park on
the Flathead Reservation in Pablo, MT; and $ 435,000 for rental housing for the
Pueblo of Pojoaque from the Century Bank FSB of Santa Fe, NM; Fogarty-Secondary
Market, supra at D1. Fannie Mae purchased the $ 435,000 loan, which was the
first one by the giant mortgage company, raising hopes that it will purchase
many more. Id. Surprisingly, the Federal Home Loan Bank of Seattle announced a
plan to guarantee $ 100 million of Title VI loans. Id.





n201.  See supra note 128.


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                          November 13, 2013 Wednesday

Conservation experiment proves profitable;
Couple's cattle ranch began as environmental project to restore the land

BYLINE: STEPHANIE STROM

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1457 words

DATELINE: PESCADERO, Calif.

ABSTRACT

The TomKat Ranch in California has grown profitable selling grass-fed beef, but
it began as a way to try to get carbon back into the soil.

FULL TEXT

When Tom Steyer first learned that his wife, Kat Taylor, wanted to sell beef
from the cattle herd on their ranch here, he rolled his eyes.

Mr. Steyer is the founder of Farallon Capital, one of the largest hedge funds in
the world, with some $20 billion under management for universities, foundations
and some of the wealthiest Americans - and he was sure beef was a terrible
business investment, particularly on a small scale.

''Practically every year since 1865 has been a bad year for beef,'' he said,
only somewhat in jest. ''And Kathryn'' - virtually everyone else calls her Kat -
''knew nothing about selling beef.''

Mr. Steyer may have made billions of dollars for his investors before retiring
this year, but he would have lost money betting against his wife and Leftcoast
Grassfed, the brand name of the Steyer-Taylor beef.

While Ms. Taylor says, modestly, that it is hard to know how profitable the
business is, her husband said it had outperformed his expectations. ''We could
sell 10 times the amount we raise, in 10 minutes,'' he said.

The couple did not set out to raise prime grass-fed beef at TomKat Ranch, which
sprawls across some 1,800 acres in this rural community near the ocean off
Highway 1. The plan was to create a model conservation project, demonstrating
ways to improve soil health, use solar energy and conserve water. ''This wasn't
about cows,'' Ms. Taylor said.

But once cows became part of the plan to restore the land, it was not too long
before TomKat also became an agricultural project, one that the couple hope will
help develop sustainable farming practices that can be put to use far beyond
Pescadero.

''Think of the ranch as a huge science experiment,'' Mr. Steyer said. ''Can you
raise animals sustainably? Can the land become the carbon sink that it once was?
Can you demonstrate a way of doing agriculture, raising food, that doesn't
damage the environment?''

Since his retirement, Mr. Steyer has stepped up his work on environmental
causes, creating a campaign to oppose the Keystone XL pipeline from Canada to
the Gulf Coast and spending heavily to support candidates whose credentials on
environmental issues mesh with his goals.

No statistics are available on the size of the market for grass-fed beef. But in
a sign of the growing interest in it, the United States Department of
Agriculture has begun publishing a monthly report on prices for such meat in
partnership with the Wallace Center, part of a network of groups established by
the Rockefellers that work on food issues.

Ms. Taylor has a full-time job as chief executive of One PacificCoast Bank, the
community development bank she and Mr. Steyer started. On a sunny spring day
this year, she drove out to the TomKat ranch to talk about Leftcoast Grassfed,
arriving in a beat-up Toyota S.U.V. with her constant companions Fang and Ziggy,
a wheezy pug and fluffy chow.

She said the ranch's goal was to help reverse the trend of lower levels of
carbon in soil, a worldwide issue that coincides with the growth of greenhouse
gas emissions in the air.

In a book, ''Grass-Fed Cattle: How to Produce and Market Natural Beef,'' the
author, Julius Ruechel, theorized that soil was enriched as a result of the
migration of giant herds of ruminants and other animals across plains. According
to his book, large herds of heavy, hoofed animals help force dead plant
materials back into the ground, where they are broken down by microorganisms in
the soil. Herd migration also churns the earth, allowing rain to penetrate it
further and slowing runoff, and natural fertilizers containing additional
microbes are left in the herd's wake.

All of that produces more and better grass, which then feeds the herds the next
time they migrate across the land.

''The conservation movement now largely says these large, migrating herds aren't
so bad after all,'' said Wendy Millet, director of the ranch, who formerly
worked at the Nature Conservancy. ''Ranches can be working landscapes if people
understand how animals and land work together.''

TomKat is aiming to mimic the migratory patterns that developed the world's
plains on a small scale by rotating cows, birds and pigs around the ranch in a
deliberate dance.

The ranch has been farmed since at least the mid-1800s, when homesteaders named
Honsiger contributed their name to a creek on the property that still is home to
coho salmon and steelhead trout. The Honsigers put up barns and houses, orchards
and stock ponds that still dot the property, and their descendants have
perpetual access to a grave site near its entrance.

In the 1970s, it was owned by an Austrian couple, Alfred and Beatrice Von
Homola, who used it for family retreats and entertaining. ''Then the count died
of a heart attack while on a European voyage, and the countess was heartbroken
and reportedly couldn't bear to return to the ranch,'' Ms. Taylor said of the
two.

The widow leased the property to new occupants who effectively worked it to the
bone. ''They literally had sold everything, even the topsoil,'' Mr. Steyer said.
''People came in with dump trucks and carted it away.''

When a friend of Ms. Taylor's called her about the ranch in 2002, technology
titans were snapping up big swaths of property in the area and putting up gates
and fences. ''He told me if we didn't buy it, it was going to end up as a
housing development,'' she said.

Having grown up less than an hour's drive away in the San Francisco suburbs, Ms.
Taylor wanted to keep the ranch as an integral part of the community. This
spring, for instance, silos were installed where nongenetically engineered feeds
are stored that can be bought by nearby farmers and ranchers. Such feeds are in
scarce supply and thus out of reach of most farmers, but TomKat makes the
investment in a bulk buy and then passes on the savings to its neighbors.

The silo is housed at a barn leased to the Early Bird Ranch, a poultry, egg and
pig business owned by Kevin and ShaeLynn Watt. When TomKat's herd has finished
grazing a pasture and has moved to another spot, Early Bird's chickens and
turkeys move in and dine on the insects that have been attracted to the cattle
droppings.

''The bugs are a good source of protein for my birds, and my birds eat up the
insects and parasites that are bad for the cattle when they return,'' Mr. Watt
said. ''And of course, they leave a little beneficial deposit behind, too.''

The Watts sell their chickens locally in farmers' markets and sell eggs, bacon,
Italian sausage and other products via a website, GoodEggs.com, in the San
Francisco market.

Mr. Watt said Early Bird cleared roughly $6 in profit on each bird. Out of that,
they make a lease payment to TomKat for the acres they use for their poultry,
which rotates depending on where the TomKat herd has been. ''It really is a
symbiotic system, for the chicken and turkeys and cows as well as for Early Bird
and the ranch,'' he said.

Similarly, Inka Biospheric Systems is developing a fish and vegetable business
on the ranch. Inka's goal is to raise the food it needs for its fish, things
like barley fodder, earthworms and black soldier flies, using waste manure
generated by the horses Ms. Taylor keeps on the ranch.

The organic waste that Inka produces is used to fertilize more stressed
locations on the ranch and is made into compost teas that can be spread on the
orchards and on livestock as a natural pesticide.

''We're the garbage men of the organization,'' said Brian Whitney, the recently
retired chief executive of Inka. ''What we are slowly doing is taking on the
waste streams the ranch creates and converting those into assets.''

Inka pays the ranch a portion of its revenue, but its profits, when it starts
generating them, will flow into a philanthropic foundation, in the same way that
a foundation benefits from the operations of One PacificCoast Bank.

''We want to see if we can create a closed-loop system here - water with fish
waste will get pumped into the land, and the land will produce things that go
back into the fish,'' Ms. Taylor said.

Not everything in the experiment works, of course. The ranch originally bred its
herd to deliver calves in the autumn on the theory that since most calves are
born in the spring, it would be producing fresh beef in the off-season.

But the colostrum in cow's milk is highest in the spring, when the herd is
eating the new grass.

''Nature intended for babies to be born in the spring, and we eventually had to
go along,'' Ms. Taylor said.

The herd, which started with 30 heifers in 2006, now numbers 120, about half of
which are breeding stock. They produced about 60 calves this year.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 4, 2004 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Should I worry about the economy?

BYLINE: Story David Bassanese

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1719 words


With growth waning, it may be time for another round of major structural reforms
on the scale of those ushered in by the Hawke-Keating government 20 years ago.

The Australian economy: beautiful one day, cloudy the next. A bunch of economic
indicators over the past week has thrown renewed doubt over our miracle economy.
Maybe it's time to stop pretending.

Retail sales have slowed, building approvals are falling and a hoped-for export
recovery is nowhere in sight. Although business and consumer confidence remain
remarkably upbeat, the economy eked out a miserable 0.3 per cent growth rate in
the September quarter, and has grown at a sub-par 2 per cent annualised pace so
far this year - half the average of the previous decade.

That's not enough to absorb new workers, and at this pace, unemployment will
surely rise. House prices are also falling, and our trade deficit has blown back
out to the banana republic levels of 1986.

"Growth has slowed markedly in 2004 and . . . activity may remain subdued in the
December quarter as well," says Brian Redican, Macquarie Bank senior economist.

So far, the sharemarket hasn't noticed. The ASX 200 is breaking records day in,
day out and promising to pass 4000 points. Confidence has been fuelled by strong
international demand for resource stocks, booming corporate profit results, and
local investors seeking a haven from the falling property market.

And it's not all a delusion. You need a good long-term memory to recall when the
economy last suffered a recession - it was 13 years ago. The record-breaking
expansion has boosted household wealth, pushed unemployment to its lowest level
since 1977, and given the coalition government bumper budget surpluses. Indeed,
it has helped deliver John Howard four straight election victories and, after
years of reform, the country is in a far better position economically than it
usually finds itself in when it is on the precipice of major economic slowdown.

Yet the initial boost to growth from structural reforms two decades ago is
waning. Having escaped a premature death from reckless behaviour in its youth,
this expansion might still die from old age - unless it's transfused with new
vigour. The question is whether, having had it so good for so long, Australians
and their leaders are a little too relaxed and comfortable for their own good.

If the economy really does head south, earnings will follow and not even the
sharemarket will provide a haven. Superannuation returns would take another hit.
While small business has less to fear from rising interest rates this time, it
usually suffers most during a downturn. For those reliant on the building trade,
retailing, exports or tourism, in particular, there may be as much reason to
worry as to party this festive season. Those holding large mortgages also may
need to keep their credit lines in check this Christmas.

At the heart of the economic weakness is the downturn in the once booming
housing sector. We now have too many houses, and too few which are affordable.
Monthly building approvals are down 16 per cent since March and 30 per cent from
their peak in late 2002. ABN Amro chief economist Kieren Davies reckons the
downturn may not be over. "The ongoing downtrend in sales of new homes, the low
level of auction clearance rates, and the amount of extra home units due to come
onto the market over the next six to nine months, all suggest pressure on the
sector will continue for some time," he says.

Demand for established homes has also fallen, and house prices are dropping.
After rising by 125 per cent since early 1996, established house prices slipped
0.7 per cent in the September quarter. Many economists still say houses are
overpriced, but thanks to action by the Reserve Bank late last year, the sector
appears to be deflating in an orderly way, rather than collapsing.

Although home building accounts for only about 5 per cent of national activity,
its cyclical swings can have outsized effects. Construction is also a relatively
big employer, with linkages to manufacturing and retailing. And house prices
constitute 60 per cent of household wealth.

We've had housing downturns in the past without derailing growth, as other
growth drivers, such as business investment, have taken up the slack. But at
this late stage of the expansion, the business investment upturn also appears to
be maturing, with investment intentions suggesting only moderate overall growth
in the coming year, despite bumper corporate profits.

The salvation is supposed to be exports which account for one fifth of the
economy. But the rebalancing in growth is not happening.

Rural exports have bounced back from drought but a dry spring has already hurt.
Export volumes are also struggling, despite the strongest global economic
conditions in 30 years.

Service (largely tourism) exports are up a reasonable 6 per cent in the year to
September, but manufacturing exports have stalled. More critically, resource
exports have fallen 1.5 per cent, due to capacity constraints from a lack of
investment in new facilities and transport infrastructure. With China booming,
investment in the sector is picking up, but the export payoff is still some time
away.

Adding insult to export injury, growing global disenchantment with the US dollar
has pushed up our currency, denting exporter competitiveness. Against the US
dollar, the Australian dollar has risen by 11 per cent since September, and is
close to re-testing its high for the year of US80 Â¢. With many Asian countries
intervening in currency markets to hold their own exchange rates down,
competitiveness in Asia has particularly suffered.

Adjusting for relative inflation rates, Australia's trade-weighted real exchange
rate is near its highest level of the past 20 years and the current account
deficit blew out to $13.7 billion or 6.5 per cent of national output in the
September quarter. Last year, Australia had the third highest current account
deficit among industrialised countries.

Another feature of this late stage of the cycle is that households are more
leveraged to housing than ever before. Household debt-to-income ratio has
tripled in the past decade to 150 per cent. Much of that debt has been poured
into housing assets, whose values are now under pressure.

Indeed, households appear to have chosen this delicate moment to finally heed
economists' calls for more saving. Retail sales have been very subdued in recent
months, despite robust consumer confidence, low unemployment, higher rural
income, and the Howard government's pre-election splurge on tax cuts and family
tax payments. Credit card debt has actually fallen in recent months.

As consumer spending accounts for about 60 per cent of national output, a bigger
household pull-back especially if unemployment rises remains the biggest risk to
the economy next year.

But it's not all doom and gloom. Commonwealth Bank chief economist Michael
Blythe notes that corporate debt is relatively low and business investment
intentions rose recently. He also reckons a major downturn in housing demand
will be avoided in part due to "historically high levels of immigration, and a
pent-up demand from first-home buyers".

But perhaps the most important plus for the economy is that wage growth remains
benign sub 4 per cent despite growing skill shortages and very low unemployment.
More flexible wage bargaining arrangements and greater competition has reduced
the previous tendency for pockets of labour tightness to escalate into
generalised wage demands. This has kept inflation low and pressure off the
Reserve Bank to raise interest rates.

Underlying inflation is testing the lower edge of the Reserve Bank's 2 to 3 per
cent target band, and is expected to rise only gently over the coming year.

The RBA might even cut interest rates if need be next year, even at the risk of
reflating the housing sector and continued imbalanced growth which is better
than no growth at all.

If interest rates remain low and house prices don't fall too sharply, households
should be able to manage their debts. "Housing loan payments in arrears are
extremely low," notes Shane Oliver, AMP Capital Investors chief economist, "and
Australians don't seem to have a major problem servicing their credit cards
either . . . Debt appears to be concentrated in high-income households who have
a higher capacity to service it."

And if push comes to shove, with public debt low and projected budget surpluses,
Treasurer Peter Costello could allow welfare payments to rise and taxes to fall
the automatic stabilisers of fiscal policy. The possible budget deficits would
take some selling to a public sold on surpluses, but it would be economic lunacy
to do otherwise.

As another safety net, a strong global economy is providing a fillip to local
income through strongly rising export commodity prices, while new technologies
and global competition are reducing the price of our manufacturing imports. As
we can buy more with what we export, it's boosted the terms of trade to their
highest in 30 years.

All up, the glory days may well be over, but without major inflation imbalances,
there's no excuse for policy makers to let the economy go off the rails in 2005.

Australia has benefited greatly from the structural reforms of the Hawke-Keating
Labor government, and governments ever since have traded on them. However, there
are still too few people in the workforce, and productivity levels lag world's
best practice.

A major new fillip to growth could come if the Howard government exploits its
control of the Senate next year to push through new productivity-enhancing
initiatives, as in industrial relations, skills training, workforce
participation and infrastructure investment.

Moreover, both the state and federal governments could open up new growth
opportunities if they worked together in reforming health, education, ecological
and transport systems across the country.

Corporate Australia is demanding reform, and might just as easily invest
offshore without it.

There are some grounds to worry, but that alone only guarantees an economic
slowdown. We can't believe in miracles, however: maybe it is time to worry. So
be cautious with debt this holiday season. With the salad days over, it's now up
to the Howard government to show how good an economic manager it really is.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Photo Michele Mossop NINE GRAPHS: GROWING CONCERNS: Australia's
economic growth 2000-2004. After strong rises in late 2003, economic growth has
slowed to an annualised 2 per cent. At this rate, it will not be long before
unemployment increases; Reasons to worry: Export volumes have failed to benefit
from the rise in global economic growth in recent years. Composition of exports
- Resources v Services v Manufactures v Rural 94-04; Housing demand is past its
peak and home building will be a drag on activity next year. Housing loan
approvals - New dwellings v Established homes v Total 94-04; Slower consumer
spending is a downside risk next year if households quickly rebuild low savings.
Household savings ratio Sep92 to Sep04; The rising Australian dollar has hurt
export competitiveness and will continue to be a problem if it remains high. $US
per $A Exchange rate 86-04; Reasons not to worry: Rising export commodity prices
and subdued import prices have lifted domestic incomes. Terms of trade trend
Sep92 to Sep04; Helped by low unemployment and low interest rates, consumer
confidence remains relatively high. Consumer sentiment Long-run average 92-04;
Due to low inflation, interest rates should remain relatively low and could even
be cut further. RBA cash rate 89-04; With public debt low and projected budget
supluses, government spending can stimulate the economy next year if need by.
Federal budget balance, Underlying cash balance 75/76-07/08. Source: ABS, RBA,
Reuters, Melbourne Institute, Westpac, Australian Treasury.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Brian Fallow: Kiwis rediscover joy of spending

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 931 words


In an election year, a useful economic indicator of how Kiwis are feeling is
consumer spending.

Since the June quarter last year it has been growing strongly. How sustainable
is that trend? Has the wealth effect finally arrived, and if so, will it stay?

The Reserve Bank is essentially shrugging its shoulders. Its monetary policy
statement last week revised up the forecast track for private consumption, but
still has the rate of growth slowing - to a somewhat faster pace than between
2012 and 2015, but slightly weaker than longer-term historical relationships
with house prices and incomes might suggest.

However it is a key area of uncertainty, the bank says, with both upside and
downside risks.

In the year ended last September - the most recent for which we have national
accounts -household consumption expenditure rose 5.5 per cent in real terms.

Population growth over the same period is estimated at 2.1 per cent, implying
real per capita spending growth of 3.4 per cent. That is well above any
plausible estimate of real per capita income growth.

It is also well above the average 1.2 per cent per annum growth rate in real per
capita consumption that we have seen since 2008. Not only was 1.2 per cent
modest by long-term historical standards, it also occurred during a period of
runaway house price inflation - or, as its beneficiaries prefer to think of it,
gratifying rates of capital gain.

In a speech last November, deputy governor Geoff Bascand reflected on the
weakness of the wealth effect in the latest cycle. Consumption had not been
turbocharged relative to income growth as it was in the mid-2000s boom, by
owner-occupier households spending a few cents in the dollar of their rising
housing equity.

"Given the wealth effect, you might have expected people to consume more than
they did," Bascand told the Herald last week.

"We put that down to people being cautious post the global financial crisis.
They wanted to see debt levels consolidate a bit. If you look at where the
saving was going on, it seemed to be mostly from the most indebted households,"
he says.

"The question now, after two quarters of very strong consumption growth, is
whether that is a temporary aberration or have households done the debt
reduction and are going back to their old ways?"

The answer to that question will depend partly on whether the recent signs of a
cooling housing market mark a turning point or just a pause.

And the sustained strength of the net migration gain over the past three years
has surprised the Reserve Bank forecasters (and, to be fair, other forecasters
as well).

"Immigration generally is a good thing but too much of it causes indigestion
problems," Bascand says.

One factor that had weighed on consumption, especially in some rural regions,
was the collapse in dairy prices. They have subsequently recovered somewhat.

"For the moment we are assuming people are going to discount the commodity price
increases and some of the house price [gains]. It is going to be solid
consumption growth, a little bit better than it has been over the past few years
but not a return to the old days of big housing equity withdrawal and credit
growth way ahead of income."

The Reserve Bank"s forecasts have the household saving rate staying in the red
for the next couple of years.

"We saw negative household savings of around 8 per cent [of disposable income]
back in the mid-2000s. It is somewhere around minus 1 per cent now so it does
seem to have come back from a really dire dis-saving situation to a still
somewhat modest rate." And the Government"s accounts represent some public
saving to partially offset the improvidence of the household sector.

But we do bear the consequences of that dis-saving in terms of a perpetually
higher real exchange rate, Bascand says.

"There is a risk premium and interest rates are higher to attract the [foreign]
capital to fund our dis-saving. So New Zealanders face a higher cost of capital.
That hinders business investment and ultimately productivity because you have
less capital per worker." Business investment in the September quarter was just
1 per cent higher than in the same period a year earlier. Spending on plant,
machinery and equipment was down.

It may be that investment is better than the official data indicated, if the
statisticians are getting the price adjustment wrong, says Bascand, the former
Government Statistician.

"This far into the growth cycle we would have expected to see a bit stronger
business investment than we have. It is not dire. It is moderate. And if you
look at total investment, ours has held up better than other advanced
economies."

So if consumption growth is surprisingly strong and investment growth maybe
better than it looks, what is there to worry about in the outlook?

"Potential disruption from the international economy," Bascand says.
Geopolitical uncertainty is high and a potential shock would impact us through
various channels: trade flows, confidence and financial markets.

"The short-term outlook for the global economy looks reasonable. It is the
medium term that is uncertain."

Thinking about top job

Geoff Bascand is undecided whether he will be a candidate for the Reserve Bank"s
top job when it becomes available in a year"s time.

He is the more senior of the two potential internal candidates in speculative
contention - the other is chief economist and assistant governor John McDermott
- and as a former head of Statistics NZ he has public sector chief executive
experience.

"I will think deeply about it and come to a decision when the time comes. So I
haven"t dismissed it," he says.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

An Accidental Cattle Ranch

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE STROM

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1439 words


PESCADERO, Calif. -- When Tom Steyer first learned that his wife, Kat Taylor,
wanted to sell beef from the cattle herd on their ranch here, he rolled his
eyes.

Mr. Steyer is the founder of Farallon Capital, one of the largest hedge funds in
the world with some $20 billion under management for universities, foundations
and some of the country's wealthiest people -- and he was sure beef was a lousy
business investment, particularly on a small scale.

''Practically every year since 1865 has been a bad year for beef,'' he said,
only somewhat in jest. ''And Kathryn'' -- virtually everyone else calls her Kat
-- ''knew nothing about selling beef.''

Mr. Steyer may have made billions of dollars for his investors before retiring
this year, but he would have lost money betting against Ms. Taylor and Leftcoast
Grassfed, the brand name of the Steyer-Taylor beef.

While Ms. Taylor says, modestly, that it is hard to know how profitable the
business is, her husband said it had outperformed his expectations. ''We could
sell 10 times the amount we raise, in 10 minutes,'' he said.

The couple did not set out to raise prime grass-fed beef at TomKat Ranch, which
sprawls across some 1,800 acres in this rural community near the ocean off
Highway 1. The plan was to create a model conservation project, demonstrating
ways to improve soil health, use solar energy and conserve water. ''This wasn't
about cows,'' Ms. Taylor said.

But once cows became part of the plan to restore the land, it was not too long
before TomKat also became an agricultural project, one that the couple hope will
help develop sustainable farming practices that can be put to use far beyond
Pescadero.

''Think of the ranch as a huge science experiment,'' Mr. Steyer said. ''Can you
raise animals sustainably? Can the land become the carbon sink that it once was?
Can you demonstrate a way of doing agriculture, raising food, that doesn't
damage the environment?

Since his retirement, Mr. Steyer has stepped up his work on environmental
causes, creating a national campaign to oppose the Keystone XL pipeline and
spending heavily to support candidates around the country whose credentials on
environmental issues mesh with his goals.

No statistics are available on the size of the market for grass-fed beef. But in
a sign of the growing interest in it, the Agriculture Department this fall began
publishing a monthly report on prices for such meat in partnership with the
Wallace Center, part of a network of nonprofit groups established by the
Rockefellers that work on food issues.

Ms. Taylor has a full-time job as chief executive of One PacificCoast Bank, the
community development bank she and Mr. Steyer started. On a sunny spring day
this year, she drove out to the TomKat ranch to talk about Leftcoast Grassfed,
arriving in a beat-up Toyota SUV together with her constant companions Fang and
Ziggy, a wheezy pug and fluffy chow.

She said the ranch's goal was to help reverse the trend of lower levels of
carbon in soil, a worldwide issue that coincides with the growth of greenhouse
gas emissions in the air.

In a book, ''Grass-Fed Cattle: How to Produce and Market Natural Beef,'' the
author Julius Ruechel theorized that soil was enriched as a result of the
migration of giant herds of ruminants and other animals across the world's great
plains.

According to his book, large herds of heavy, hoofed animals help force dead
plant materials back into the ground, where they are broken down by
microorganisms in the soil. Herd migration also churns up the earth, allowing
rain to penetrate it further and slowing runoff, and natural ''fertilizers''
containing additional microbes are left in the herd's wake.

All of that produces more and better grass, which then feeds the herds the next
time they migrate across the land.

''The conservation movement now largely says these large, migrating herds aren't
so bad after all,'' said Wendy Millet, the ranch director who formerly worked at
the Nature Conservancy. ''Ranches can be working landscapes if people understand
how animals and land work together.''

TomKat is aiming to mimic the migratory patterns that developed the world's
great plains on a small scale by rotating cows, birds and pigs around the ranch
in a deliberate dance.

The ranch has been farmed since at least the mid-1800s, when homesteaders named
Honsiger contributed their name to a creek on the property that still is home to
coho salmon and steelhead. The Honsigers put up barns and houses, orchards and
stock ponds that still dot the property, and their descendants have perpetual
access to a grave site near its entrance.

In the 1970s, it was owned by an Austrian count and countess, Alfred and
Beatrice Von Homola, who used it for family retreats and entertaining. ''Then
the count died of a heart attack while on a European voyage, and the countess
was heartbroken and reportedly couldn't bear to return to the ranch,'' Ms.
Taylor said.

The countess leased the property to new occupants who effectively worked it to
the bone. ''They literally had sold everything, even the topsoil,'' Mr. Steyer
said. ''People came in with dump trucks and carted it away.''

When a friend of Ms. Taylor's called her about the ranch in 2002, technology
titans were snapping up big swathes of property in the area and putting up gates
and fences. ''He told me if we didn't buy it, it was going to end up as a
housing development,'' she said.

Having grown up in San Mateo, Ms. Taylor wanted to keep the ranch as an integral
part of the community.

This spring, for instance, silos were installed where nongenetically engineered
feeds are stored that can be bought by nearby farmers and ranchers. Such feeds
are in scarce supply and thus out of reach of most farmers, but TomKat makes the
investment in a bulk buy and then passes on the savings to its neighbors.

The silo is housed at a barn leased to the Early Bird Ranch, a poultry, egg and
pig business owned by Kevin Watt and his wife, ShaeLynn.

When TomKat's herd has finished grazing a pasture and been moved to another
spot, Early Bird's chickens and turkeys move in and dine on the insects that
have been attracted to the cattle droppings.

''The bugs are a good source of protein for my birds, and my birds eat up the
insects and parasites that are bad for the cattle when they return,'' Mr. Watt
said. ''And of course, they leave a little beneficial deposit behind, too.''

The Watts sell their chickens locally in farmers' markets and sell eggs, bacon,
Italian sausage and other products via a website, goodeggs.com, in the San
Francisco market.

Mr. Watt said Early Bird cleared roughly $6 in profit on each bird. Out of that,
they make a lease payment to TomKat for the acres they use for their poultry,
which rotates depending on where the TomKat herd has been. ''It really is a
symbiotic system, for the chicken and turkeys and cows as well as for Early Bird
and the ranch,'' he said.

Similarly, a company devoted to aquaponics, Inka Biospheric Systems, is
developing a fish and vegetable business on the ranch. Inka's goal is to raise
the food it needs for its fish, things like barley fodder, earthworms and black
soldier flies, using waste manure generated by the horses Ms. Taylor keeps on
the ranch.

The vermicompost byproduct Inka produces is used to fertilize more stressed
locations on the ranch and made into compost teas that can be spread on the
orchards and on livestocks as a natural pesticide.

''We're the garbage men of the organization,'' said Brian Whitney, the recently
retired chief executive of Inka. ''What we are slowly doing is taking on the
waste streams the ranch creates and converting those into assets.''

Inka pays the ranch a portion of its revenue, but its profits, when it starts
generating them, will flow into a philanthropic foundation, in the same way that
a foundation benefits from the operations of One PacificCoast Bank.

''We want to see if we can create a closed-loop system here -- water with fish
waste will get pumped into the land, and the land will produce things that go
back into the fish,'' Ms. Taylor said.

Not everything in the experiment works, of course. The ranch originally bred its
herd to deliver calves in the fall on the theory that since most calves are born
in the spring, it would be producing fresh beef in the off-season.

But the colostrum in cow's milk is highest in the spring, when the herd is
eating the new grass.

''Nature intended for babies to be born in the spring, and we eventually had to
go along,'' Ms. Taylor said.

The herd, which started with 30 heifers in 2006, now numbers 120, about half of
which are breeding stock. They produced about 60 calves this year.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/12/business/an-accidental-cattle-ranch-points-the
-way-in-sustainable-farming.html

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Kat Taylor, an owner of the TomKat Ranch in California, and
Jeremiah Stent, who manages the ranch.
Begun as a way to improve the soil quality and foster conservation, the ranch
now produces beef under the brand name Leftcoast Grassfed. (B1)
 A staff meeting at the TomKat Ranch. The ranch aims to mimic migratory patterns
by rotating cows, birds and pigs on the land. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY JIM WILSON/THE NEW
YORK TIMES) (B2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Carmarthen Journal

                                 March 27, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Investment key for our farmers

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 263 words


THE key to realising the long term opportunities the growing demand for food
will offer Welsh farmers is continued investment in farm infrastructure,
according to Carmarthenbased Agricultural Mortgage Corporation (AMC) agent
Jonathan Andrews.

Mr Andrews, a senior partner of Carmarthen's Llewellyn Humphreys, said many
producers are realising the positive impact that modern buildings can have on
the profitability of an enterprise.

Livestock and arable farmers increasingly recognised that good buildings are a
key determinant of financial success, he added.

It meant that farmers are able to sell grain out of store when prices are good
rather than being forced to sell "off the combine" at the prevailing price. Beef
and sheep producers also realise the "management time" benefits a well designed
housing system can have.

Opportunity Mr Andrews added: "Farmers are realising that the current historic
low borrowing rates and discounted lending schemes, combined with the temporary
increase in capital allowances, can offer a real opportunity for value for money
investment in a range of projects. "The AMC has secured access to European
Investment Bank funds. This means it can currently offer a 0.65 per cent
discount off its normal pricing for eligible farm and rural business investment
projects.

"The EIB discounted loans available from AMC could be especially useful for
those farmers looking to improve their buildings.

"Many were built in the early 80's using FHDS funding but have become
dilapidated and do not meet the needs of today's modern farming systems and
enterprises."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CRJ


                       Copyright 2013 Carmarthen Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               December 31, 2015

Igbo Land Gradually Becoming a Desert

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: Enugu


In a bid to shore-up the dwindling business investments in the south-east
geopolitical zone, the Alaigbo Development Foundation, ADF,has held its maiden
business conference of Igbo leaders with a vow to adopt strategies that would
influence the socio-economic,political and cultural growth of the people.

Tagged,'Rebuilding and Development of Igbo Nation: Think Home, Invest Home!' The
conference which witnessed an array of Igbo leaders resolved to reposition the
region to restore its development strides that had been distorted since the end
of the Nigeria-Biafra war in 1970.

The ADF also, resolved to rekindle interest in Igbo values,culture,language,lore
and literature among others with a view to ensuring the Igbo takes its pride of
place in the country.Setting the tone of the conference,the Royal Father of the
day and Obi of Onitsha, Igwe Alfred Achebe, appealed to Igbo business community
to drive investment into the land as the region is gradually becoming an
infrastructural desert.

"We are gradually becoming a desert of sort following the dwindling
socio-infrastrutural deficit. Countries like United States of America, USA,
China and India shut their doors to developed countries inorder to develop
themselves. Today they are world powers.

"We must put every machinery in place to drive increased investment in Igbo
land," the Royal Father said. In his welcome address, the ADF President, Prof.
Uzodinma Nwala said,"south-east was devastated by war since the last century,
neglected as a punitive measure,abandoned because of denied infrastructure,
infested by unemployment, poverty and the resultant crime wave.

"Our neighbours now mock us. Ironically we have developed other lands and
ignored our own. If only we invest 40 percent of our investment in just other
parts of Nigeria, Igbo land would be the economic heart of Africa. We are
determined to rebuild and develop the Igbo nation. A rebirth and advancement
that will uplift her spirit, culture and civilization. "Igboland can be rebuilt
through massive depolyment of human and natural resources that are abundant in
Igboland. The philosophy of self-help and self-reliance must be awakened in the
heart and mind of every Igbo man, woman and child. Our spirit and culture of
hard work must be awakened...

"As one of our own, Dr. Okechukwu Ikejiani,once wrote, 'until a more positive
mechanism emerges on a federal level, the Igbo must learn to fend for themselves
at least from an economic and social standpoint just as they are currently doing
but on a more highly coordinated level rather than individualistic approach.'

"It is conceivable that with tremendous amount of talent and connection of all
Igbo abroad working in unism with those at home in, Nigeria, the heartland of
Igbo may be converted into economies like Taiwan and Hong Kong among other," he
added.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                              June 10, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Second phase of growth review to address barriers to key sectors;
News Bulletin

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 179 words


Barriers to the growth of rural businesses, investment in the road and rail
networks and the emergence of more mid-sized companies are all to be addressed
in the second phase of the Government's growth review.

Vince Cable, the Business Secretary, said the Government wanted to "maximise
growth" in these key sectors of the economy and will draw up reforms with the
Chancellor to be published in the autumn.

Whitehall officials will also focus on problems in the provision of education
and skills and those facing the logistics and wholesale sector.

They will also explore the release of public data by government for commercial
exploitation.

The review follows criticism of the Government by business groups including the
CBI and the Institute of Directors over its lack of a coherent strategy to
stimulate economic growth.

The first phase of the review addressed issues in the tax, planning and
competition systems.

The findings contributed to the Chancellor's surprise decision to lower the
headline rate of corporation tax by 2pc rather than 1pc as planned in his March
Budget.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            February 5, 1993, Friday

BUSINESS IN BRIEF Key Air suspends flights for a week

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section F; Page 3

LENGTH: 1091 words


The new owners of Key Air have suspended all regular flights of the
Savannah-based carrier for one week.

"Because of the precarious position of the company, we have canceled . . .
flights until next Thursday to give us time to evaluate the route structure,"
said Skybus Inc. Chairman James Dent.

Skybus, a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based charter carrier, agreed Tuesday to buy Key
from Savannah Aviation Group.

Mr. Dent said the new owners were trying to find alternative flights for
passengers booked to return from the Caribbean on Key Airlines during the next
week. Skybus officials said they plan to operate Key under its own name but will
move its small plane-changing hub from Savannah to Florida.

ATLANTA

Greyhound to manage 4 area terminals. Greyhound Lines Inc. plans to take over
management of four Atlanta-area terminals from independent contractors. A
spokeswoman said the conversion of the Marietta, Duluth, Hapeville and north
DeKalb outlets will not affect passengers.

The conversion takes effect March 3, and independent contractors and their
employees will be offered jobs with Greyhound, the spokeswoman said. She said
the Dallas-based bus company has been assuming management control of independent
outlets nationwide.

Firm agrees to preliminary injunction. Peoples Financial Resources Corp. of
Atlanta and its president, Donald Paul Clark, have agreed voluntarily to a
preliminary injunction sought by the Securities and Exchange Commission to stop
alleged violations of federal securities laws.

A U.S. district judge in Atlanta was scheduled Thursday to hear the SEC's
request for the injunction, but SEC attorney Bill Woodward said the voluntary
agreement had been reached with the attorney representing Mr. Clark and the
firm.

The attorney, Joseph Cillo of Union, N.J., and Mr. Clark could not be reached
for comment.

The SEC alleges that Mr. Clark and Peoples salespeople solicited several million
dollars from church members in Southeastern states for financial advice or
securities investments although neither he nor the firm are registered financial
advisers or brokers, as required by law.

The SEC is continuing its investigation.

GEORGIA

Cherokee County to get brake plant. The Westinghouse Air Brake Co. of Pittsburgh
will open a rubber fabricating plant on Airport Drive in Cherokee County by
June. According to Steve Holcomb, chairman of the county's development
authority, the 20,000-square-foot facility, which will initially employ 30
people, could eventually provide up to 50 jobs. He said that Cherokee's status
as a free port - requiring no state inventory taxes on goods sold out of state -
was a determining factor in the company's decision. The plant will be
environmentally clean, Mr. Holcomb added.

Allied Bank buys branch in Grovetown. Thomson-based Allied Bank of Georgia has
agreed to purchase the Grovetown branch of Georgia Bank and Trust Company of
Columbia County. Terms were not disclosed. Allied plans to move its existing
Grovetown branch to the new facility upon completion of the deal, which is
expected to close in March. All customers of the Grovetown branch will become
customers of Allied Bank of Georgia.

THE NATION

Bentsen to attend G-7 meeting. Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen will attend a
"get-acquainted meeting" of the finance ministers and central bank presidents of
the world's seven wealthiest industrial countries in several weeks, a department
official said Thursday.

The meeting of Group of Seven officials will take place "in late February or
early March" in an unnamed European city, according to the official who insisted
on anonymity.

SEC settles probe of Boston Co. The Securities and Exchange Commission settled
its investigation of overstated profits at Boston Co. with a cease-and-desist
order against the money management and banking concern.

The commission said in its settlement order that Boston Co. made "many
intentionally erroneous accounting entries" that deferred expenses and resulted
in a $ 44 million overstatement of pretax profits in 1988. At the time, Boston
Co. was a unit of Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. Mellon Bank Corp. has agreed to
buy Boston Co. for $ 1.45 billion.

Shearson fired several Boston Co. officials in connection with the
overstatements, and restated its earnings subsequent to their discovery.

American Airlines shakeup expected. American Airlines Chairman Robert Crandall
is expected to announce today a shakeup that would include about 1,000 layoffs,
reshuffling of its service plans and the shelving of 25 planes, according to a
newspaper report.

The Fort Worth Star-Telegram, in today's editions, reported that Mr. Crandall is
expected to announce the plans during a speech at a Naples, Fla., conference
sponsored by the Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. investment firm.

Shareholders group to put pressure on Sears chief. A shareholder activist group
plans to pressure Edward Brennan, the chairman and chief executive officer of
Sears, Roebuck and Co., to give up one of his titles.

The United Shareholders Association will mail a letter next month to the
company's 5,000 largest shareholders urging them to vote for a proposal barring
the same person from being both chairman of the board and chief executive
officer, said association President Ralph Whitworth.

The shareholders group wants Sears to include the proposal in proxy materials to
be sent to shareholders.

Intuit files for public offering. Intuit Inc. said it has filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission for the public offering of 1.5 million common
shares.

The company said it will sell 1 million shares, and certain stockholders will
sell 500,000 shares.

Intuit said Morgan Stanley & Co. and Robertson, Stephens & Co. will underwrite
the offering. The stock is expected to be priced between $ 15 and $ 17 a share.

The company, which makes Quicken personal check-writing software, was cited as
an attractive privately held stock in the February issue of Worth magazine.

GM offers gold card. General Motors Corp. launched a Gold MasterCard with a
feature that allows cardholders to earn as much as $ 7,000 off the price of a
new GM car or truck.

The card's variable interest rate is 13.4 percent for balances greater than $
2,500 and 16.4 percent for balances less than $ 2,500. GM said its gold card is
the companion to the GM Card that was launched last fall. The gold card carries
a $ 39 annual fee.

UPCOMING ECONOMIC NEWS

Today: Unemployment figures for January (Labor Department).

From staff and news services

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930420099

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               HERALD & POST (UK)

                March 25, 1998, Wednesday Edition Northumberland

Grin And Bear It

SECTION: MOTORING, Pg. 32

LENGTH: 702 words


   MOTORISTS in the North-East will bear the brunt of the Budget, and some will
be forced to down-size to cope with the additional costs.

However, although the price of fuel has soared, and smaller cars will make more
sense, many other aspects the Budget remain unclear.

The Chancellor wants motorists to drive small, less polluting cars, although it
is not yet known precisely how such cars will be categorised.

A graduated system of road tax is to be introduced, but we have yet to be told
quite how this will work, although the most likely scenario is that owners of
small cars will pay less.

Lorries and buses will get financial incentives to reduce exhaust emissions,
although there are no figures available at this stage.

Arrived

The Government says that fuel duty increases will save one million tonnes of
carbon a year, but no one knows quite how this figure has been arrived at.

The extra Budget revenue from motorists is £1.256 billion a year, but just £500
million is to be spent on public transport over two years, with no indication of
what happens to the rest.

Of the £500 million to be spend on public transport, the amount coming to the
North-East in general, and to rural areas such as Northumberland in particular,
is expected to be virtually nil.

AA regional policy director John Dawson says: "Petrol prices are suddenly ten
per cent higher, but the public transport options are just as non-existent."

Alleged

Following claims that the northern region could be losing big business
investment as a result of alleged roads infrastructure inadequacies, the AA
adds: "Every penny of the extra motoring tax must be spent on a workable roads
and transport system.

"More than 80 per cent of the price of petrol is tax, yet no country in Europe
spends so little of what it takes from motorists on its transport system." The
AA says it is a disgrace that a decision to impose increased taxation of
billions of pounds can be instant, yet decisions to build life-saving by-passes
come about only after half a century of campaigning.

Cliff Thornton, finance director at North-East garage group Patterson Ford,
believes that rural dwellers will be among those hardest hit.

They will face significantly higher fuel costs, but will be unable to switch to
smaller low-powered vehicles because of the nature of their work and the
location of their homes.

"The £50 million boost to the rural transport fund is an attempt to link rural
areas with their neighbouring towns and cities.

"Rural dwellers are car owners out of necessity.

"They will not be encouraged to abandon their vehicles easily, especially not
until public transport is available to them as a 24-hour service, which will
never happen."

Encouraged

Mr Thornton believes that whilst some motorists may be encouraged to opt for
smaller-engined cars, few will be discouraged from buying larger vehicles at the
top end of the scale, such as the Explorer off-roader.

"It may cause them to pause momentarily before buying a vehicle with such a
large engine, but if they can afford the vehicle, then the petrol increase will
not be a deciding factor." Benfield marketing director David Collins says that
the Budget will make no difference whatsoever to his company's business.

Motorists will simply absorb the increases, albeit reluctantly, as they always
do.

Shame

"It is a shame that motorists have become anaesthetised to fuel price increases
on this scale, but sadly it seems to be so.

"Whilst we welcome the reduction in road fund tax for energy-efficient cars, we
would hope that the deciding factor will not simply be engine capacity." Mr
Collins pointed out that great strides have been made in the development of
energy-efficient engines of all sizes, virtually all of which pollute far less
than older engines of half their size.

He says that if the Government is really serious about its green credentials, it
should tighten the MoT test and consider the introduction of scrappage
incentives for owners of older vehicles.

Vardy spokesman David Williams said: "Yet again motorists are used as an easy
target for revenue raising, very little of which is for their benefit.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1999

GRAPHIC: BETTER OFF: Drivers of small cars such as the Fiat Uno could well be
thanking Gordon Brown

                Copyright 1998 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                              Australian3 Edition

Upbeat RBA tips healthy growth, investment surge

BYLINE: DAVID UREN ECONOMICS EDITOR

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 502  words


The Reserve Bank has delivered its most upbeat appraisal of the Australian
economy since shortly after the global financial crisis, saying it can look
forward to years of healthy growth with inflation returning to normal and a
revival in business investment.

Governor Philip Lowe has dismissed the contraction in the economy in the
September quarter as a temporary aberration, saying growth returned to normal in
the final three months of 2016.

"The bank's central scenario remains for economic growth to be around 3 per cent
over the next couple of years," Dr Lowe said, following the bank's first board
meeting since December.

This is more optimistic than Treasury, which in its mid-year budget update
released before Christmas slashed its growth forecast for this year from 2.5 per
cent to 2 per cent, with a recovery to 2.75 per cent predicted in 2017-18.

The Reserve Bank will release full updated forecasts on Friday, but financial
markets are discounting the likelihood of further rate cuts and putting an
-almost one-in-three chance of a rate rise over the next 12 months.

For the first time since the 2008-09 global financial crisis, the Reserve Bank
is seeing an improvement in non-mining business investment.

Dr Lowe's predecessor, Glenn Stevens, often lamented the failure of business to
make use of the lowest interest rates in history to finance stronger investment.

As recently as the Reserve Bank's December board meeting, Dr Lowe commented that
"the outlook for business investment remains subdued".

However, yesterday's statement revealed a change of view over the summer, with
Dr Lowe saying "some further pick-up in non-mining business investment is
expected".

Commonwealth Bank chief economist Michael Blythe said this "dramatic" shift in
outlook over the past two months might be based on stronger approvals for
commercial property development and a surge in farm equipment investment
supported by a strong rural outlook.

Imports of machinery and equipment were strong in the final three months of the
year, while the Reserve Bank's own borrowing figures have shown a growing
business debt appetite.

Dr Lowe said growth would also be supported by further -increases in resource
exports and by the long decline in resource -investment coming to an end.

"Consumption growth is expected to pick up from recent outcomes, but to remain
moderate," he said.

Dr Lowe noted that the last few labour force surveys had shown the jobless rate
edging higher from 5.6 to 5.8 per cent but said indicators such as job vacancies
and business surveys showed there would be continued growth in employment.

The Reserve Bank expects that the inflation rate will remain below its 2 to 3
per cent target band, with wage growth expected to remain low.

However, rising commodity prices should push the headline inflation rate back
above 2 per cent over the course of this year.

There has not been such an -optimistic assessment of the outlook following a
February board meeting since 2011.

EDITORIAL P13 BUSINESS P19RBA STATEMENT P28

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2017 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Upbeat RBA tips healthy growth, investment surge

BYLINE: DAVID UREN ECONOMICS EDITOR

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 502  words


The Reserve Bank has delivered its most upbeat appraisal of the Australian
economy since shortly after the global financial crisis, saying it can look
forward to years of healthy growth with inflation returning to normal and a
revival in business investment.

Governor Philip Lowe has dismissed the contraction in the economy in the
September quarter as a temporary aberration, saying growth returned to normal in
the final three months of 2016.

"The bank's central scenario remains for economic growth to be around 3 per cent
over the next couple of years," Dr Lowe said, following the bank's first board
meeting since December.

This is more optimistic than Treasury, which in its mid-year budget update
released before Christmas slashed its growth forecast for this year from 2.5 per
cent to 2 per cent, with a recovery to 2.75 per cent predicted in 2017-18.

The Reserve Bank will release full updated forecasts on Friday, but financial
markets are discounting the likelihood of further rate cuts and putting an
-almost one-in-three chance of a rate rise over the next 12 months.

For the first time since the 2008-09 global financial crisis, the Reserve Bank
is seeing an improvement in non-mining business investment.

Dr Lowe's predecessor, Glenn Stevens, often lamented the failure of business to
make use of the lowest interest rates in history to finance stronger investment.

As recently as the Reserve Bank's December board meeting, Dr Lowe commented that
"the outlook for business investment remains subdued".

However, yesterday's statement revealed a change of view over the summer, with
Dr Lowe saying "some further pick-up in non-mining business investment is
expected".

Commonwealth Bank chief economist Michael Blythe said this "dramatic" shift in
outlook over the past two months might be based on stronger approvals for
commercial property development and a surge in farm equipment investment
supported by a strong rural outlook.

Imports of machinery and equipment were strong in the final three months of the
year, while the Reserve Bank's own borrowing figures have shown a growing
business debt appetite.

Dr Lowe said growth would also be supported by further -increases in resource
exports and by the long decline in resource -investment coming to an end.

"Consumption growth is expected to pick up from recent outcomes, but to remain
moderate," he said.

Dr Lowe noted that the last few labour force surveys had shown the jobless rate
edging higher from 5.6 to 5.8 per cent but said indicators such as job vacancies
and business surveys showed there would be continued growth in employment.

The Reserve Bank expects that the inflation rate will remain below its 2 to 3
per cent target band, with wage growth expected to remain low.

However, rising commodity prices should push the headline inflation rate back
above 2 per cent over the course of this year.

There has not been such an -optimistic assessment of the outlook following a
February board meeting since 2011.

EDITORIAL P13 BUSINESS P19RBA STATEMENT P28

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2017 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Jobs boost for Bowen Basin;
Exclusive

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 373  words


IN A bid to attract business investment and expansion to boost jobs, Member for
Dawson George Christensen and Member for Capricornia Michelle Landry will today
announce a re-elected Coalition Government will invest $30million into a Bowen
Basin "jobs package".

They said the plan, "guided by the local region", will give a helping hand to
the Mackay and Fitzroy regions and will attract matching funding from
participating businesses, resulting in a total package of $60million.

Regional centres with access to the fund include but are not limited to Mackay,
Clermont, Emerald, Rockhampton, Gladstone, Blackwater and Biloela.

Mr Christensen said he had made strong representations in Canberra for a jobs
package for the region. "The next two years will be a critical time for the
Bowen Basin region.

"The Coalition understands this and that's why we're asking the region to choose
its own economic direction.

"Local business people know where the opportunities are and unlike the Labor
Party, we'll use local knowledge to help direct our jobs plan."

Ms Landry said the $30m package formed part of a $300m investment and jobs plan
rollout in Capricornia which included funding for the Rookwood Weir, the
Walkerston Bypass, regional sporting facilities and road investments.

"This funding will support new projects that create sustainable business
investment and job opportunities that will strengthen towns and communities
across the Bowen Basin.

"... the Coalition's investment will be guided by the local community, because
the Bowen Basin knows what's best for the Bowen Basin.

"I've fought tooth and nail for this plan for this region and I'm so excited to
see it delivered."

Regional Development Minister Fiona Nash said package grants would assist
existing local businesses to grow and also offer incentives for businesses
outside the region to expand.

"Local communities will assess their region's economic opportunities and develop
tailored, forward looking local investment plans..." she said.

the details

 Providing innovation grants on a competitive basis.

Upgrading existing local infrastructure or investing in small new local
infrastructure projects.

Delivering targeted skills and training programs to address regional skills
shortages.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            April 10, 2010 Saturday

Pakistan: Governor inaugurates Sindh Investment Conference-2010

LENGTH: 533  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, April 10 -- Sindh Governor Dr Ishrat-ul-Ebad Khan

Saturday inaugurated the day-long Sindh Investment Conference 2010 and

said the high profile event would make a significant and worthwhile

contribution in attracting investment which would lead to economic

prosperity of the people in the province.

Organised by Sindh Board of Investment, the conference was being

attended by eminent personalities in the field of business and

investment who made speeches on investment opportunities and

competitive advantages of Sindh Province.

"The high profile event would also include signing ceremony of

Memorandum of Understanding between Sindh Government and the

respective companies and stake holders", the Governor observed and

noted that participation from all types of organizations from public

and private sectors, diplomatic missions, multilateral agencies and

academia makes it a very important conference.

The Governor pointed out that Sindh Province, a major contributor

in national revenues, is blessed with a wealth of natural resources,

attractive business and investment opportunities.

Its competitive advantage rests on its strategic location as a

major seaport, along with its well developed telecommunication

sectors, abundance of agricultural and mineral resources, better

educational system and a highly dedicated workforce having all

ingredients for an extremely successful business venture.

Karachi, he said, has been the focus of investors' interest who

have been attracted to its vibrant economy and enormous business

potential.

The scope for coastal recreation resorts, construction and

housing especially in low cost sector, IT Parks, modern municipal

management, mass transit and in relocation of textile and other

industrial setups from developed economies make Karachi an

ideal destination for investors, he told the conference.

He said that Sindh Government established Sindh Board of

Investment for attracting investment in the province.

SBI has set objectives to develop on investment friendly

environment in order to boost industrial partnership for

socio-economic development of Sindh and is responsible for

coordinating and implementing investment policies and provide a forum

to share ideas, concepts and identify new business ventures as well as

providing Public Private Partnership models.

Dr Ishrat-ul-Ebad said SBI's endeavour to showcase Sindh's

potential for investment particularly in rural economy would help in

fulfilling the government's commitment to provide equitable

development in all parts of the province.

Earlier Advisor to Chief Minister for Investment Zubair Motiwala

in his welcome address highlighted the aims and objectives of the

conference and informed about the bright investment prospects in

various sectors in Sindh with particular focus on coal-based energy

generation.

Advisor to Chief Minister for Planning and Development Qaisar

Bengali also addressed the conference.

State Minister for Investment and Chairman BOI, Saleem H.

Mandviwala and Sindh Minister for Industries Rauf Siddiqi were also

present on the occasion. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            January 5 1989, Thursday

Farmers seek out alternative income

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 63283.

LENGTH: 477 words


Nearly half of farmers' incomes now come from non-farming activities, and the
trend is likely to continue, Mr John MacGregor, Minister of Agriculture, said
yesterday.

In a speech to the annual Oxford Farming Conference, he made it plain that, if
farmers could no longer make a living from agriculture, they would have to make
up the difference from other sources and could no longer expect the large
subsidies they had enjoyed in the past.


He accepted that farming incomes had declined significantly in real terms and in
comparison with most other occupational groups. But it was misleading to
continue to assess the well-being of the farming community merely by reference
to the single simple statistic of aggregate farming income.

A more sophisticated analysis was needed and he was encouraging the wider
publication of additional information. For the first time the Annual Review of
Agriculture, to be published later this month, would include references to
income from other activities.

Inland Revenue analysis indicated that income from farming accounted for about
56 per cent of total taxable income. The rest came mainly from other jobs or
businesses and from investment.

The position was even more marked when it came to smaller, part-time farms.
Other sources of income in such cases could be several times that from farming.

Mr MacGregor's distinctly Thatcherite remarks contrasted sharply with those of
Dr Wilhelm Shopen, Assistant Secretary in the West German Ministry of
Agriculture, who said his Government would continue supporting small family
farms for social and environmental reasons.

Family farms were particularly able to adjust to the needs of modern society,
such as conserving natural resources, safeguarding a variety of landscapes and
maintaining the viability of rural areas. The part-time farm in particular was a
stable and flexible element in the rural economy.

Dr Shopen said West Germany did not want farms with big 'factory' units along
American lines. Mr MacGregor, on the other hand, said that in Britain, 56 per
cent of agricultural output came from only 11 per cent of all farms and that
there was no case for trying to halt changes brought about through market
forces.

Farming in Britain must become so far as possible like any other industry,
increasingly market-oriented and freed from government interference or
dependence on taxpayers' support.

Britain's farmers are demanding Government compensation for the crops destroyed
by Brent geese which migrate annually from Russia. The Essex branch of the
National Farmers' Union wants up to Pounds 125 an acre compensation for the East
Anglian cereal crops eaten by the geese, a protected species.

The Ministry of Agriculture said it would have to study the extent of the damage
before making any decision about compensation.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            January 5 1989, Thursday

Farmers seek out alternative income

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 63283.

LENGTH: 477 words


Nearly half of farmers' incomes now come from non-farming activities, and the
trend is likely to continue, Mr John MacGregor, Minister of Agriculture, said
yesterday.

In a speech to the annual Oxford Farming Conference, he made it plain that, if
farmers could no longer make a living from agriculture, they would have to make
up the difference from other sources and could no longer expect the large
subsidies they had enjoyed in the past.


He accepted that farming incomes had declined significantly in real terms and in
comparison with most other occupational groups. But it was misleading to
continue to assess the well-being of the farming community merely by reference
to the single simple statistic of aggregate farming income.

A more sophisticated analysis was needed and he was encouraging the wider
publication of additional information. For the first time the Annual Review of
Agriculture, to be published later this month, would include references to
income from other activities.

Inland Revenue analysis indicated that income from farming accounted for about
56 per cent of total taxable income. The rest came mainly from other jobs or
businesses and from investment.

The position was even more marked when it came to smaller, part-time farms.
Other sources of income in such cases could be several times that from farming.

Mr MacGregor's distinctly Thatcherite remarks contrasted sharply with those of
Dr Wilhelm Shopen, Assistant Secretary in the West German Ministry of
Agriculture, who said his Government would continue supporting small family
farms for social and environmental reasons.

Family farms were particularly able to adjust to the needs of modern society,
such as conserving natural resources, safeguarding a variety of landscapes and
maintaining the viability of rural areas. The part-time farm in particular was a
stable and flexible element in the rural economy.

Dr Shopen said West Germany did not want farms with big 'factory' units along
American lines. Mr MacGregor, on the other hand, said that in Britain, 56 per
cent of agricultural output came from only 11 per cent of all farms and that
there was no case for trying to halt changes brought about through market
forces.

Farming in Britain must become so far as possible like any other industry,
increasingly market-oriented and freed from government interference or
dependence on taxpayers' support.

Britain's farmers are demanding Government compensation for the crops destroyed
by Brent geese which migrate annually from Russia. The Essex branch of the
National Farmers' Union wants up to Pounds 125 an acre compensation for the East
Anglian cereal crops eaten by the geese, a protected species.

The Ministry of Agriculture said it would have to study the extent of the damage
before making any decision about compensation.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            January 5 1989, Thursday

Farmers seek out alternative income

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 63283.

LENGTH: 477 words


Nearly half of farmers' incomes now come from non-farming activities, and the
trend is likely to continue, Mr John MacGregor, Minister of Agriculture, said
yesterday.

In a speech to the annual Oxford Farming Conference, he made it plain that, if
farmers could no longer make a living from agriculture, they would have to make
up the difference from other sources and could no longer expect the large
subsidies they had enjoyed in the past.


He accepted that farming incomes had declined significantly in real terms and in
comparison with most other occupational groups. But it was misleading to
continue to assess the well-being of the farming community merely by reference
to the single simple statistic of aggregate farming income.

A more sophisticated analysis was needed and he was encouraging the wider
publication of additional information. For the first time the Annual Review of
Agriculture, to be published later this month, would include references to
income from other activities.

Inland Revenue analysis indicated that income from farming accounted for about
56 per cent of total taxable income. The rest came mainly from other jobs or
businesses and from investment.

The position was even more marked when it came to smaller, part-time farms.
Other sources of income in such cases could be several times that from farming.

Mr MacGregor's distinctly Thatcherite remarks contrasted sharply with those of
Dr Wilhelm Shopen, Assistant Secretary in the West German Ministry of
Agriculture, who said his Government would continue supporting small family
farms for social and environmental reasons.

Family farms were particularly able to adjust to the needs of modern society,
such as conserving natural resources, safeguarding a variety of landscapes and
maintaining the viability of rural areas. The part-time farm in particular was a
stable and flexible element in the rural economy.

Dr Shopen said West Germany did not want farms with big 'factory' units along
American lines. Mr MacGregor, on the other hand, said that in Britain, 56 per
cent of agricultural output came from only 11 per cent of all farms and that
there was no case for trying to halt changes brought about through market
forces.

Farming in Britain must become so far as possible like any other industry,
increasingly market-oriented and freed from government interference or
dependence on taxpayers' support.

Britain's farmers are demanding Government compensation for the crops destroyed
by Brent geese which migrate annually from Russia. The Essex branch of the
National Farmers' Union wants up to Pounds 125 an acre compensation for the East
Anglian cereal crops eaten by the geese, a protected species.

The Ministry of Agriculture said it would have to study the extent of the damage
before making any decision about compensation.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           December 5, 2002, Thursday

Boom-boom economy Business investment and housing offset drought

BYLINE: FLEUR ANDERSON

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 383 words


A BOOMING Australian economy has helped compensate for one of the worst droughts
in a century.

Investment by business and the never-say-burst housing bubble underpinned the
economy which grew 0.9 per cent in the September quarter.

This brought the annual growth rate to 3.7 per cent.

But the big dry cut farm production by more than 12 per cent in the quarter and
will wipe $5 billion from the sector for the year, the Bureau of Statistics
says.

Three-quarters of the country is in the grip of the driest spell since 1913.

Without the drought, the economy would have topped a 4 per cent growth rate.

Treasurer Peter Costello said the devastated farming sector and easing consumer
spending had moderated inflation.

"What the drought has done is, it has turned what would otherwise be a 4 per
cent growth economy into a 3 per cent growth economy," he said.

"It has obviously affected rural incomes very substantially."

The drought will continue to ripple through the economy for the next six months.

Although bad news for farmers, drought knocked interest rate hikes off the
Reserve Bank agenda. The RBA left interest rates unchanged yesterday at 4.75 per
cent for the sixth consecutive month.

The economic growth figures confirmed the stunning resilience of the housing
industry which has defied every prediction of a crash landing.

Dwelling investment rose 3.3 per cent in the September quarter, up a massive
22.5 per cent for the year.

Mr Costello again warned Australians from making hasty decisions in the
investment property market.

"I have said to people before, consider these investment deals very carefully,"
he said. "Like most investments they can go up, and down."

He said more home owners renovating, rather than upgrading, the family home
would cushion the construction industry from a slump.

Although household wealth is growing, savings fell to a record low 0.5 per cent.

Opposition treasury spokesman Bob McMullan said high taxes and spiralling debt
forced Australian households to stop saving almost entirely.

"The signs of recovery in business investment are welcome, but it is too early
to be confident investment will grow strongly enough to fill the gap left by the
expected slowing in housing and consumption," Mr McMullan said.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 24, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Loudoun's economic adviser will step down;
Official criticized for not focusing on luring corporations to county

BYLINE: Derek Kravitz

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 328 words


Loudoun County's economic development director announced his resignation Monday
amid growing criticism from business leaders and county officials over his
steadfast emphasis on rural quality-of-life issues over corporate relocations.

Lawrence S. Rosenstrauch, the county's chief economic adviser for 13 years, said
he will leave the agency Dec. 4. He came to Loudoun in 1996 from Charlotte,
where he had served for eight years in the same role.

Rosenstrauch, 61, said that the county's incoming administrator, Tim Hemstreet,
needed a "fresh start" with a new economic development leader. Hemstreet, 41,
most recently an assistant city manager for Miami Beach, was hired by the county
as its administrator in October after a six-month nationwide search. He will
start Dec. 7.

Rosenstrauch said he planned to "find another great challenge helping
communities achieve the kind of prosperity and success they want."

"It's always good to know when it's the right time to get off the stage," he
said.

Loudoun officials and business leaders had grown increasingly unhappy with
Rosenstrauch's performance, questioning whether he was focusing too much of his
efforts on rural issues, like local food initiatives and wineries, and not
enough on getting businesses to fill Loudoun's excess office space.

While praising Rosenstrauch's service, Loudoun County Chamber of Commerce
President Tony Howard said the county now has the opportunity to be "more
competitive in the battle to attract new business investment."

"As the national economy shows signs of recovery, Loudoun needs an aggressive
approach to expand the commercial tax base that is necessary to fund the
services that our residents and businesses demand," he said.

During Rosenstrauch's tenure, Loudoun experienced lightning-fast growth and
77,000 new jobs were created, but with the downturn growth has ebbed.

Interim County Administrator Linda A. Neri will oversee the economic development
office until a replacement is found.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                             October 3, 2008 Friday

Company Briefs

SECTION: SINGAPORE COMPANIES

LENGTH: 290  words


Genting raises stake in Resorts World

GENTING International, through wholly owned Star Eagle Holdings, has increased
its investment in Resorts World at Sentosa (RWS) from 1.7 billion ordinary
shares to two billion ordinary shares by way of subscription of an additional
300 million new ordinary shares for a cash consideration of $300 million. RWS is
fully owned by Star Eagle.

Singxpress announces resignation of CEO

SINGXPRESS, whose principal business is that of investment holding, finance,
travel and hospitality, has announced that Samual Guok Chin Huat has resigned as
CEO 'to pursue other interest'. He will be re-designated a non-executive
director following his resignation with effect from Sept 25.

ComfortDelGro buys UK taxi operator

COMFORTDELGRO Corporation has acquired the largest taxi circuit operator in
Liverpool, UK. It will pay about $2.07 million. Called Merseyside Radio Meter
Cabs Ltd, the company has 400 licensed Hackney taxis. With this acquisition,
ComfortDelGro now has a fleet of 4,500 taxis on its radio circuit in London,
Birmingham, Liverpool, Edinburgh and Aberdeen.

Biosensors closing Netherlands unit

BIOSENSORS International Group said it is closing its Netherlands-based
manufacturing subsidiary, Occam International. Costs related to the closure are
estimated to range from US $3 million to US $4 million - the bulk of which will
relate to severance payments to be made to Occam employees. Anticipated annual
cost savings to be realised in future years range from US $3 million to US $4
million.

OKP clinches $6.8m JTC contract

CIVIL engineering company OKP Holdings Limited has secured a $6.78 million
contract from JTC Corporation. The deal was clinched through its subsidiary Eng
Lam Contractors Co (Pte) Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday

Hague in talks with task force after jobs blow

LENGTH: 524  words


Work is under way to try to help a North Yorkshire market town which has been
left shattered by news that hundred of public sector jobs are to be lost in a
massive blow to the rural economy.

Yesterday Foreign Secretary and Richmond MP, William Hague, met Hambleton
District Council leader, Mark Robson, to discuss the issue as it was revealed a
task force set up to try to help the town deal with the jobs losses was starting
work.

It follows the announcement last month that HMP Northallerton is to close by
March,  alongside three others across the country, as part of Government plans.

The news came after workers at the Rural Payments Agency (RPA) in Northallerton
were told the department was being relocated as part of Government cost-cutting
moves and the operation in the town will close.

Hambleton's senior politicians are pushing the Government to make a decision on
the future of Northallerton Prison.

Coun Robson met with Mr Hague to urge him to press Justice Secretary Chris
Grayling for details of what will happen to the site when the prison closes,
whether it is to be mothballed or sold on and what the timescales are.

He also outlined the authority's own regeneration plans for the market town.

He said: "The loss of jobs with the closure of not just the prison but the Rural
Payments Agency, is a huge blow to the town but we want to look at the positives
and be ready when the prison closes its doors for the last time to start the
regeneration process."

The council leader said £30,000 has been put aside for a major new study of the
area to the east of East Road including the prison, fire station, Alverton Court
and Crosby Road car park sites and said cash has already set aside by the
council for a new economic study - which will help drive forward business
investment in the district over the next ten years.

Mr Hague said: "This has been a useful meeting and it is vital we  all work
together to secure the future of Northallerton. I will be discussing all these
issue with the Justice Secretary and will keep in touch with Hambleton District
Council and with the local task force."

A number of partners are involved in the task force which has been launched to
ensure that work is carried out to help the town cope with the loss of nearly
600 job losses in 2014-15.

It aims to ensure those facing job losses have the skills they need both to find
other jobs and that employers are looking for. It also aims to support those
interested in setting up their own businesses and connecting employers to new
potential employees.

The first event in this programme will take place at a JobCentrePlus jobs fair
on October 17 at Northallerton town hall. It will feature a mix of employers and
skills support agencies. A second event is planned for October 24.

David Kerfoot, chair of the task force and who also acts as the  deputy chair of
the York, North Yorkshire and East Riding Local Enterprise Partnership, said:
"It is vital we act now to support those at risk. RPA and the prison have
provided Northallerton with an exceptionally skilled and motivated workforce
that any employer would be proud to take on."

Comment: Page 18.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             May 14, 2003 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Investment the power behind the growth;
Budget 2003

BYLINE: Marshall Hall

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 358 words


The Federal Government is betting that business investment will again be one of
the key drivers of economic growth next financial year.

After easily outstripping a 12 per cent growth forecast that some economists
thought ridiculously high in 2002-03, business investment is now predicted to
grow an average of 7 per cent during 2003-04. Investment in engineering works is
expected to be especially strong.

However, the Treasury has warned that global uncertainty is likely to lead
companies to scale back discretionary expenditure, with growth in spending on
plant and equipment tipped to slow from an expected 12 per cent in 2002-03 to
about 4 per cent in

2003-04. The mining, manufacturing and transport sectors are expected to invest
most heavily in plant and equipment.

Investment in buildings and structures is expected to grow 14 per cent in
2003-04, down from 28 per cent growth in 2002-03.

The growth is expected to be underpinned by a rash of large engineering projects
in the mining and infrastructure sectors. According to government documents, the
value of planned engineering work, at $7 billion plus, is the highest on record.

That growth will provide a tax bonanza for the Government, which has raised
forecast company tax revenue for 2002-03 by $2 billion to $31 billion. In
2003-04 the Government expects to raise $32 billion.

Businesses are also expected to maintain inventory levels to keep pace with
sales growth but are not expected to stock up in the short term.

Exports are forecast to increase 6 per cent next financial year, representing a
small rebound from a flat 2002-03. In line with the expected breaking of the
drought, rural exports are expected to rise substantially.

The Government has also introduced several incentive packages to encourage
businesses to invest in research and development.

These include:

· A $150 million investment program for the pharmaceuticals industry. The
five-year program is designed to help companies capitalise on biotechnology,
health and medical research undertaken in Australia.

· An additional $41 million to be spent on the Government's R&D Start Program,
which provides research grants and loans.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: GROWTH IN NEW BUSINESS INVESTMENT. SOURCE: BUDGET PAPERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday

Business Digest

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 403 words


Enviro groups want buyers to know of mercury in fish

Two environmental groups this week launched a campaign to alert shoppers about
the potential risk of consuming fish products that contain high levels of
mercury.

Organizers applauded Wild Oats Marketplace in Sugar House, which voluntarily
posts the Environmental Protection Agency's health advisory for mercury in fish,
the only grocer in the Salt Lake City area to post warnings in every store
location.

Campaign advocates are Oceana, a national environmental-advocacy organization
that publishes a compilation of businesses that post the health advisory, and
Great Salt Lakekeeper, which provides information on locally collected fish.

"Consumers have a right to know about harmful chemicals that may be in the
product they choose to purchase," said Jeff Salt of Great Salt Lakekeeper.

- Dawn House

Rural poor given $800K

A program designed to give seed capital to low-income families to start small
businesses has pumped more than $800,000 into rural economies, according to a
report by the Office of the Legislative Auditor General released Tuesday.

The audit was conducted after the Southeast Utah Small Business Investment Fund
board asked for $2 million in taxpayer money to continue the program in Carbon,
Emery, Grand and San Juan counties, and to expand it into Duchesne, Uintah and
Daggett counties.

The program offers seed capital of $1,000 to $10,000, along with training and
monitoring, so that low-income individuals, many disabled, can create and
operate a small business.

- Dawn House

OTC drug bill unveiled

U.S. Sens. Orrin Hatch of Utah and Dick Durbin of Illinois today will unveil
long-awaited legislation that would require the makers and distributors of
dietary supplements and over-the-counter drugs to report and investigate serious
"adverse events" associated with their products.

Although the the Food and Drug Administration has a voluntary system to receive
reports of problems with dietary supplements and a mandatory system that covers
some OTC drugs, there is no requirement for mandatory reporting for all of these
products as there is for prescription drugs and medical devices. The executive
director of the Utah Natural Products Alliance, one of the four industry
organizations that provided input on the bipartisan proposal, called the bill "a
big step in correcting that perception" that the supplement industry is
unregulated.

- Linda Fantin

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Advantage Capital Agribusiness Partners invests in Pasta Chips

SECTION: CONSUMER MARKETS; Savory Snacks

LENGTH: 308 words


Pasta Chips has secured a new $3m investment from Advantage Capital Agribusiness
Partners (ACAP), Silas Capital and Emil Capital Partners.

Set up by US-based entrepreneur Jerry Bello, Pasta Chips and the brand's new
Pasta Bow Ties offer quality, Italy-inspired snacks made from durum wheat
semolina flour, and baked as a better-for-you snacking alternative.

The brand integrates farro, a higher protein grain for a more nutrient-dense
product, and embeds fine seasonings based on regional Italian favourites for
robust taste and crispy texture throughout.

Bello said: "At Pasta Chips, we are recreating the pasta aisle in snack form
using only fresh pasta dough and quality ingredients for a crispy,
better-for-you dip and chip option.

"We wanted to create Pasta Chips as a healthier alternative to the tasteless and
overdone options in the deli aisle. We're dedicated to innovating new products
to offer our consumers premium ingredient, gourmet taste, and snack food
products that have a greater focus on nutrition."

ACAP is a $154.5m fund that is licensed as a Rural Business Investment Company
(RBIC) by the US Department of Agriculture (USDA).

Advantage Capital principal Tyler Mayoras said: "Pasta Chips has been setting a
new standard for products in the better-for-you snack aisle since the brand's
launch in 2013.

"This is a company that is innovating the snack brand marketplace and proving
that baked chips can be regionally inspired, healthy, and tasty."

Pasta Chips will use the investment to further accelerate the brand's rapid
growth and awareness of the wholesome snack option.

The brand will also release new pasta product lines and innovations, as well as
increase distribution from formative retailers such as Walmart, Costco and
Safeway.

Image: Advantage Capital Agribusiness Partners invests in Pasta Chips. Photo:
courtesy of Pasta Chips.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Viterra not interested in AWB, yet

BYLINE: Julie-anne Sprague

SECTION: COMPANIES AND MARKETS; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 626 words


The takeover offer for AWB has sparked interest in the possibility of a counter
bid, writes Julie-anne Sprague

Canadians grains giant Viterra may be the name on everyone's lips when it comes
to discussing catalysts for consolidation of the Australian grains handling
industry, but the market may be getting ahead of itself in making it a player in
the latest round of deal making.

From his base in Regina, Saskatchewan, Viterra chief executive Mayo Schmidt told
The Australian Financial Review that as the owner of South Australian grain
handler ABB following a $1.6 billion acquisition last year, he was no more than
an interested observer of GrainCorp's $856 million play for AWB.

"Our focus has been entirely on integration [of ABB]," Mr Schmidt said. "We keep
an eye on the market. We are certainly watching with interest, but in terms of
what happens in our competitive environment that we operate in."

However, he would not rule out Â­Viterra becoming a counter bidder for AWB,
which owns the Landmark rural services business that investment bankers and
investors see as a natural fit for Viterra.

But Mr Schmidt stopped short of ruling out Viterra as a counter bidder for AWB,
which has recommended its shareholders accept GrainCorp's $856 million merger
proposal at a meeting to be held later this year.

"I just can't comment on strategically what Viterra is thinking about or not
thinking about," the Canadian-based Mr Schmidt told the AFR.

"As a public company we have Â­obligations of disclosure. I just can't comment."

Mr Schmidt said Viterra's rural services operations in Canada differed from
Australian operators because Viterra's was concentrated on servicing grain
growers, rather than the broader farming industry as Landmark does.

He said Viterra's Australian chief executive, Rob Gordon, was developing a range
of services "internally" that would be made available to Australian grain
farmers.

The Australia's grains market, which is dominated by wheat production, has
become attractive for global players following the abolition of AWB's monopoly
two years ago.

"I would say that much like Viterra there are others in the sector that we are
in are watching the merger proceedings with interest," Mr Schmidt said.

He said global consolidation would continue. "When you look at historical
earnings of where everyone has been and where everyone is trying to get to there
is no doubt that people see consolidation as the key to be able to do that."

The removal of the single desk has shifted focus to infrastructure owners, with
some in the industry arguing that the new regime has replaced one export
monopoly for a number of regional monopolies.

While the number of accredited exporters has climbed to 28, they must negotiate
with the handlers, who themselves are now exporters, to get access to storage
sites and ports.

A combined GrainCorp-AWB would topple Western Australia's CBH as Australia's
biggest grains handler.

However, depending on the strength of the season CBH could retain the title. A
bumper crop in 2008 saw 12.3 million tonnes delivered to CBH's silos.

The grains handler has forecast poor rains will restrict the crop to about 9 to
9.5 million tonnes, compared with 11.3 million tonnes last year.

The grains handlers, including GrainCorp on the east coast, have been forced to
reach undertakings with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission
regarding rivals' access to their export infrastructure.

Navitas
Grain storage comparison  Average grain receivals Market share
  State(s)  (million tonnes)  (%)
CBH  Qld, NSW, Vic 10   28
GrainCorp  Qld, NSW, Vic 9   25
Viterra  SA  4.5   13
AWB  Qld, NSW, Vic, SA 2   6
Sumitomo  NSW, Vic  1.5   4
Private storage All  1   3
On farms  All  8   22
Total    36   100
SOURCE: EMERALD, CITIGROUP


LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH : Pro forma divisional EBITDA of the combined GrainCorp and AWB
($m) SOURCE: EMERALD, CITIGROUP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Canadian Government News

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Investing in Regional Business for a Diversified Economy

LENGTH: 395  words


St. John's: Government of Newfoundland and Labrador has issued the following
news release:

Successful Gander Company Receives Funding for Improvements

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide a grant of $39,000 for
enhancements to Papa John's Sportswear Centre Ltd, a manufacturing services
company based in Gander.

"Supporting small business is an important part of what we do at the Department
of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development and I am pleased to announce
this funding which will help this valued family-run enterprise enhance their
business. Investments such as this help feed regional markets, and in turn help
our economy grow and diversify."
- The Honourable Darin King, Minister of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural
Development

Papa John's specializes in apparel decorating through embroidery, screen
printing and heat transfer. The company also manufactures signs, trophies,
plaques, medals, and other award products. This funding will help the company
enhance productivity through the purchase and installation of a new screen
printing machine.

"This investment will help this well-known local company expand their
production. I'm very pleased to see this type of support for small business in
our region."
- The Honourable Kevin O'Brien, Minister of Advanced Education and Skills and
MHA for Gander

The Business Development Support Program, offered through the Department of
Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development, assists Newfoundland and
Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities to increase their
productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional information on
programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html

QUICK FACTS

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide $39,000 to Papa John's
Sportswear Centre Ltd of Gander.
 The company will use the funding to purchase and install a new screen printing
machine to help enhance productivity and grow the business.
 The Department of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development assists
Newfoundland and Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities
to increase their productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional
information on programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html


For further information please visit: http://www.gov.nf.ca

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Canadian Government News

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

Investing in Regional Business for a Diversified Economy

LENGTH: 395  words


St. John's: Government of Newfoundland and Labrador has issued the following
news release:

Successful Gander Company Receives Funding for Improvements

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide a grant of $39,000 for
enhancements to Papa John's Sportswear Centre Ltd, a manufacturing services
company based in Gander.

"Supporting small business is an important part of what we do at the Department
of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development and I am pleased to announce
this funding which will help this valued family-run enterprise enhance their
business. Investments such as this help feed regional markets, and in turn help
our economy grow and diversify."
- The Honourable Darin King, Minister of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural
Development

Papa John's specializes in apparel decorating through embroidery, screen
printing and heat transfer. The company also manufactures signs, trophies,
plaques, medals, and other award products. This funding will help the company
enhance productivity through the purchase and installation of a new screen
printing machine.

"This investment will help this well-known local company expand their
production. I'm very pleased to see this type of support for small business in
our region."
- The Honourable Kevin O'Brien, Minister of Advanced Education and Skills and
MHA for Gander

The Business Development Support Program, offered through the Department of
Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development, assists Newfoundland and
Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities to increase their
productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional information on
programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html

QUICK FACTS

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide $39,000 to Papa John's
Sportswear Centre Ltd of Gander.
 The company will use the funding to purchase and install a new screen printing
machine to help enhance productivity and grow the business.
 The Department of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development assists
Newfoundland and Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities
to increase their productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional
information on programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html


For further information please visit: http://www.gov.nf.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Canadian Government News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

Investing in Regional Business for a Diversified Economy

LENGTH: 397  words


St. John's: Government of Newfoundland and Labrador has issued the following
news release:

Successful Gander Company Receives Funding for Improvements

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide a grant of $39,000 for
enhancements to Papa John's Sportswear Centre Ltd, a manufacturing services
company based in Gander.

"Supporting small business is an important part of what we do at the Department
of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development and I am pleased to announce
this funding which will help this valued family-run enterprise enhance their
business. Investments such as this help feed regional markets, and in turn help
our economy grow and diversify."
- The Honourable Darin King, Minister of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural
Development

Papa John's specializes in apparel decorating through embroidery, screen
printing and heat transfer. The company also manufactures signs, trophies,
plaques, medals, and other award products. This funding will help the company
enhance productivity through the purchase and installation of a new screen
printing machine.

"This investment will help this well-known local company expand their
production. I'm very pleased to see this type of support for small business in
our region."
- The Honourable Kevin O'Brien, Minister of Advanced Education and Skills and
MHA for Gander

The Business Development Support Program, offered through the Department of
Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development, assists Newfoundland and
Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities to increase their
productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional information on
programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html

QUICK FACTS

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide $39,000 to Papa John's
Sportswear Centre Ltd of Gander.
    The company will use the funding to purchase and install a new screen
printing machine to help enhance productivity and grow the business.
    The Department of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development assists
Newfoundland and Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities
to increase their productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional
information on programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html


For further information please visit: http://www.gov.nf.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Canadian Government News

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Investing in Regional Business for a Diversified Economy

LENGTH: 398  words


St. John's: Government of Newfoundland and Labrador has issued the following
news release:

Successful Gander Company Receives Funding for Improvements

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide a grant of $39,000 for
enhancements to Papa John's Sportswear Centre Ltd, a manufacturing services
company based in Gander.

"Supporting small business is an important part of what we do at the Department
of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development and I am pleased to announce
this funding which will help this valued family-run enterprise enhance their
business. Investments such as this help feed regional markets, and in turn help
our economy grow and diversify."
- The Honourable Darin King, Minister of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural
Development

Papa John's specializes in apparel decorating through embroidery, screen
printing and heat transfer. The company also manufactures signs, trophies,
plaques, medals, and other award products. This funding will help the company
enhance productivity through the purchase and installation of a new screen
printing machine.

"This investment will help this well-known local company expand their
production. I'm very pleased to see this type of support for small business in
our region."
- The Honourable Kevin O'Brien, Minister of Advanced Education and Skills and
MHA for Gander

The Business Development Support Program, offered through the Department of
Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development, assists Newfoundland and
Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities to increase their
productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional information on
programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html

QUICK FACTS

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide $39,000 to Papa John's
Sportswear Centre Ltd of Gander.
    The company will use the funding to purchase and install a new screen
printing machine to help enhance productivity and grow the business.
    The Department of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development assists
Newfoundland and Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities
to increase their productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional
information on programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html


For further information please visit: http://www.gov.nf.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Canadian Government News

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Investing in Regional Business for a Diversified Economy

LENGTH: 398  words


St. John's: Government of Newfoundland and Labrador has issued the following
news release:

Successful Gander Company Receives Funding for Improvements

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide a grant of $39,000 for
enhancements to Papa John's Sportswear Centre Ltd, a manufacturing services
company based in Gander.

"Supporting small business is an important part of what we do at the Department
of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development and I am pleased to announce
this funding which will help this valued family-run enterprise enhance their
business. Investments such as this help feed regional markets, and in turn help
our economy grow and diversify."
- The Honourable Darin King, Minister of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural
Development

Papa John's specializes in apparel decorating through embroidery, screen
printing and heat transfer. The company also manufactures signs, trophies,
plaques, medals, and other award products. This funding will help the company
enhance productivity through the purchase and installation of a new screen
printing machine.

"This investment will help this well-known local company expand their
production. I'm very pleased to see this type of support for small business in
our region."
- The Honourable Kevin O'Brien, Minister of Advanced Education and Skills and
MHA for Gander

The Business Development Support Program, offered through the Department of
Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development, assists Newfoundland and
Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities to increase their
productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional information on
programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html

QUICK FACTS

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide $39,000 to Papa John's
Sportswear Centre Ltd of Gander.
    The company will use the funding to purchase and install a new screen
printing machine to help enhance productivity and grow the business.
    The Department of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development assists
Newfoundland and Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities
to increase their productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional
information on programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html


For further information please visit: http://www.gov.nf.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Canadian Government News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

Investing in Regional Business for a Diversified Economy

LENGTH: 398  words


St. John's: Government of Newfoundland and Labrador has issued the following
news release:

Successful Gander Company Receives Funding for Improvements

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide a grant of $39,000 for
enhancements to Papa John's Sportswear Centre Ltd, a manufacturing services
company based in Gander.

"Supporting small business is an important part of what we do at the Department
of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development and I am pleased to announce
this funding which will help this valued family-run enterprise enhance their
business. Investments such as this help feed regional markets, and in turn help
our economy grow and diversify."
- The Honourable Darin King, Minister of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural
Development

Papa John's specializes in apparel decorating through embroidery, screen
printing and heat transfer. The company also manufactures signs, trophies,
plaques, medals, and other award products. This funding will help the company
enhance productivity through the purchase and installation of a new screen
printing machine.

"This investment will help this well-known local company expand their
production. I'm very pleased to see this type of support for small business in
our region."
- The Honourable Kevin O'Brien, Minister of Advanced Education and Skills and
MHA for Gander

The Business Development Support Program, offered through the Department of
Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development, assists Newfoundland and
Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities to increase their
productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional information on
programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html

QUICK FACTS

The Government of Newfoundland and Labrador will provide $39,000 to Papa John's
Sportswear Centre Ltd of Gander.
    The company will use the funding to purchase and install a new screen
printing machine to help enhance productivity and grow the business.
    The Department of Business, Tourism, Culture and Rural Development assists
Newfoundland and Labrador small and medium-sized businesses with opportunities
to increase their productivity and improve their competitiveness. Additional
information on programs can be found at:
www.ibrd.gov.nl.ca/starting/fundingincentive/index.html


For further information please visit: http://www.gov.nf.ca

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               The Dickey County Leader (Ellendale, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

USDA Announces Additional Support for Small and Midsized Farmers and Ranchers;
Second major small farmer package this year includes research awards, technical
assistance and marketing support

BYLINE: The Dickey County Leader staff

LENGTH: 996  words


WASHINGTON, April 29, 2014 - Today, USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack announced
additional support and resources for America's small and midsized farmers and
ranchers. Today's announcement includes $7 million in university research awards
in support of small and midsized producers; $8.8 million in technical assistance
for small, socially-disadvantaged producers and Rural Cooperative Centers; and a
marketing certification program for small and very small grass-fed beef
producers. This is the second major USDA package this year in support of small
and midsized producers. The first package included efforts to increase access to
capital, provide better risk management tools, expand marketing opportunities,
and offer food safety training and educational resources specific to America's
small and midsize producers. Today's announcement builds on these efforts.

"Small and midsized producers are a vital part of America's agricultural future,
and we are dedicated to ensuring their success," said Secretary Tom Vilsack.
"The programs and opportunities announced today are part of our ongoing
commitment to ensure that smaller farmers and ranchers get access to the
resources they need to thrive. USDA is continually reviewing our resources,
programs and policies to make sure we are working for producers of all sizes."

More information about USDA tools and resources available to small and mid-sized
farmers, including information about today's announcement, is available on
USDA's Small and Mid-Sized Farmer Resources webpage.

Efforts announced by the Secretary today include:

$7 million in grant awards to 10 universities to develop programs that will
assist small and medium-sized farmers grow their operations, enhance their
production and become economically viable. These awards, made by USDA's National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) Agriculture and Food Research
Initiative (AFRI) Small and Medium-Sized Farms program, focus on developing
models to assist small farmers in their decision making with respect to
management strategies, new technologies, sustainability, competitiveness and
viability. These awards prioritize strategies enhancing access to markets,
developing local and regional food systems, assessing the impact of economic
changes to new and beginning farmers, and conducting outreach activities which
can inform relevant public policy to enhance --small--farmers'--well-being.--For
example, the University of Illinois received $495,000 to research risk
mitigation participation strategies for small and midsized producers in the
advanced biofuel industry, while Oklahoma State University was awarded $484,000
to research economic development opportunities for small and mid-sized farms in
the local and regional food system. Clarkson University in New York received
$499,000 to study anaerobic digesters for small farms and University of Vermont
was awarded $499,662 to research how to improve the quality of labor management
decisions for small and medium-sized farm operators. A full list of awardees and
their projects is available on the NIFA website.

$8.8 million for technical assistance funding opportunities for small,
socially-disadvantaged producers and Rural Cooperative Centers.

In support of rebuilding America's rural economy, USDA's Rural Development
Agency is making funding available to small and socially disadvantaged farmers
and ranchers as well as Rural Cooperative Centers. The Small, Socially
Disadvantaged Producei Grant program (SSDPG) will make $3 million available to
provide technical assistance to small, socially-disadvantaged agricultural
producers through eligible cooperatives and cooperative development centers.
Awardees will be able to conduct market research, product and/or service
improvement, feasibility studies, training, and implement business plans.
Applications are being accepted through June 30, 2014. More information about
how to apply is on the Rural Development website.

The Rural Cooperative Development Grant Program (RCDG) will make up to $5.8
million available to Rural Cooperative Development Centers, which in turn,
provide technical assistance to individuals and entities improving the economic
condition of rural areas by supporting start-up, expansion or operational
improvement of rural cooperatives and other business entities. Cooperatives have
often been the mechanism used by small and midsized producers to work together
to access new markets or market value added products. Information about how to
apply is on the Rural Development website. In 2013, business and cooperative
funding through Rural Development helped 17,773 rural businesses, including
4,200 farmers and 4,472 small businesses. These investments created or saved
over 41,600 jobs. Under the 2014 Farm Bill USDA will be creating an Interagency
Working Group to improve coordination of programs and services between federal
agencies and national and local cooperatives through the RCDG program.

USDA Certification for Small and Very Small Producers of grass-fed beef.
Administered by USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS), this new
verification program is tailored to meet the needs of small-scale livestock
producers and the growing grass-fed beef industry. It allows small and very
small-scale producers to certify that their animals meet the requirements of the
grass-fed marketing claim standard, helping them differentiate themselves and
communicate value to their customers. As part of USDA-wide efforts to create
more opportunities for small-scale livestock producers, AMS is targeting
producers that market 49 cattle or less each year by designing a less costly
application process for these producers to use the USDA Certified Grass-Fed
claim. Producers who are certified under the new program will receive
certificates that allow them to market cattle to slaughter facilities as USDA
certified grass-fed, increasing their market value and creating new economic
opportunities throughout the supply chain.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DIC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Dickey County Leader


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Burton Mail

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Grant cash could give booster to tourism

BYLINE: By Rob Smyth; rob.smyth@burtonmail.co.uk; @rsmyth24; 01283 245012

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 582  words


FIRMS that help to boost tourism or visitor numbers in South Derbyshire can now
bid for a slice of £350,000 in funding.

The D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership - a private sector-led partnership
promoting economic growth across Derby, Derbyshire, Nottingham and
Nottinghamshire - lists the tourism and the visitor economy as one of the eight
key economic sectors for the  area.

Businesses and organisations interested in growing the sector can apply for
funding help to create a marketing plan for their idea, from £350,000 allocated
to D2N2 through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD)
Growth Programme.

More than a third of the D2N2 area's 880,000-plus jobs are in rural local
authority areas,  but the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has
identified issues to be tackled including reduced farming income, lower than
average wages and difficulty finding business investment.

Plans which might be funded through EAFRD, depending on their strength, could
include those helping rural areas:

Invest in developing and marketing a new large scale tourism activity, to
attract visitors;

Provide a service which enables businesses across the D2N2 catchment to target
new markets; and

Facilitate activities which encourage visitors to increase the length of time
they stay in the D2N2 area (according to 2014 figures, an average day visitor to
the D2N2 area spent £30, whereas an overnight visitor spent closer to £200).

David Ralph, chief executive of the D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership, said:
"Both Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire already receive tens of thousands of
visitors each year, bringing millions of pounds into their local economy.

"There is capacity there for further growth, through the development of quality
tourism attractions or interesting areas.

"This EAFRD funding is an excellent opportunity for tourism businesses, or those
wishing to set one up, to get the help needed to create a detailed business and
marketing plan for their ideas."

D2N2 wants to see better links and connectivity between different destinations
and attractions to encourage visitors to extend the length of visits and
increase visitor spend.

The EAFRD funding panel wants to hear how applicants would co-operate with each
other in marketing tourism in the rural D2N2 area, and how this would create
more jobs and safeguard existing ones.

D2N2 is also keen to increase the business activity of certain types of rural
economic activity - including local markets, pubs and micro-breweries - as part
of the area's distinctive visitor 'offer'.

D2N2 works closely with tourism organisations Visit Peak District and
Derbyshire, and Experience Nottinghamshire, in driving forward growth for the
visitor economy sector in its area. Businesses and organisations with ideas on
how to improve the tourism offering of any rural area in Nottinghamshire and/or
Derbyshire may wish to contact either of these, to find out if there is an
opportunity to collaborate with other organisations on a plan.

Up to 10 projects in the D2N2 area will be funded from its £350,000.

Individual grants will range from £35,000 to £140,000 and can cover up to half a
project's total costs, meaning a project must have a minimum total value of at
least £70,000 to be eligible for funding through the EAFRD money.

Businesses must be registered with Government agency the Rural Payments Agency
(RPA) before they can apply for the EAFRD funding.

More information is available online at  www.d2n2lep.org/EUFunding

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DAVID Ralph, chief executive of the D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership,
is urging people to apply for a new grant.
18th July 2014
PHOTO CREDIT SHOULD READ: MATTHEW PAGE MediCity - Boots site 1.. Thane Rd,
Beeston Nottingham NG7 2TG. D2N2 (Notts & Derbyshire local enterprise
partnership) annual conference. Pictured: CEO David Ralph

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                October 9, 1998

Green policies are good for business

SECTION: Pg.4

LENGTH: 531 words


PLANS to protect the Westcountry's fragile landscape will boost tourism and
farming and attract greater business investment into the region, say leading
conservation campaigners.

As part of a major environmental project launched yesterday, areas of the
region's precious countryside which are under threat will be preserved and
protected - and the hope is that the plans will have a positive knock-on effect
for the Westcountry's future economic prospects.

The South West Biodiversity Partnership - formed by leading conservation and
environment organisations from across the region - has launched a series of
biodiversity action plans to preserve and sustain many parts of the traditional
landscape.

Partnership officials believe the plans will not only save rare breeds of fauna
and flora - like Cornish heath, nightjars and cirl buntings - but also help
stimulate the economy.

Preserving the Westcountry's traditional environment will provide a boost to
tourism, attract inward investment from companies wishing to relocate to the
area and help the crisis-stricken farming industry, said one partnership
spokesman.

"The partnership is urging that a healthy environment is good for business,"
said John Waldon, regional manager for the RSPB, which forms part of the
biodiversity partnership.

"Tourism is heavily dependent on the quality of the South West's environment
and, with a declining agricultural base, payments to landowners to help protect
the region's environment are an increasingly important cash boost for rural
economies," he said.

The partnership's plan to improve the environment and boost the economy has been
welcomed by the region's business community.

"The environment is the region's greatest asset," said Keith Staite, project
officer at In Pursuit of Excellence, which promotes business achievement in
Cornwall.

"The value of the environment is that it attracts people who want to enjoy a
quality of life that isn't necessarily available in other parts of the country.
There isn't any doubt that the local successful businesses of the future will be
those influenced by the environment and who can draw strength from it."

Paul Davies, chief executive of South West Enterprise Ltd, believes the
outstanding beauty of the Westcountry landscape will become an increasingly
unique selling point for the region in future bids to attract inward investment.

"The quality of the environment is a key issue for the development of the
economy. The region's landscape is one of the most important assets in terms of
attracting and retaining the sort of businesses needed to secure a sustainable
economy in the future," he said.

He added that the hi-tech world of the information super-highway meant quality
of life would become a far more important consideration for businesses than
being close to centres of commercial activity.

"Companies can now run their businesses anywhere. The advent of multi-media
means a company operated out of a converted barn can communicate with customers
from all over the world," he said.

"That means quality of location and lifestyle become more important factors and
the Westcountry is very strong in those areas."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 1998 Western Morning News


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                            January 6, 1998, Tuesday

Disgruntled unit-holders call NZ Rural Prop meeting

SECTION: BUSINESS Pg. 22; BUSINESS

LENGTH: 608 words


WELLINGTON -- A group of disenchanted unit-holders has forced a special meeting
in a bid to wind up listed New Zealand Rural Property Trust.

Using the trust deed, they have forced the trust management company to hold the
meeting, planned for February 11 in Wellington, to consider their proposals.

The group, believed to number about 65, will put to all unit-holders four
resolutions, which include terminating the trust.

The group is also seeking the appointment of a committee of inspection to be
involved in the termination and reimbursement of costs of the unit-holders who
requested the meeting.

A spokesman for the group, Alex Paterson, told NZPA they were frustrated by the
trust management company's total lack of interest in them''.

We haven't had a distribution of income in 18 months and management don't seem
interested in giving us any information,'' he said.

Mr Paterson said farm prices were falling, driving down the value of units in
the trust and new investors were not coming in, which was starving the trust of
investment capital for farm improvements.

Farm rentals paid by lessees were based on the economic performance of the
farms, which he said was fair and reflected the weak prices in the industry in
recent years, but that meant trust income was falling.

But he added that the management fee paid to NZ Rural Properties remained based
on the market value of properties, which in some cases are still held up by the
value of nearby lifestyle blocks and other factors and were therefore falling
more slowly than lease income.

The trust comprises about 40 farms in both islands, and one forest.

Most of the farms were bought with units in the trust, tying lessees into the
trust for the term of the lease.

On expiry many, but not all, of the leaseholders have the option to acquire the
properties back.

Fees to the manager and trustee have remained steady at around $ 2 million a
year, and account for a big chunk of NZ Rural Properties' total revenues, which
were $ 4.98m in 1997 and $ 5.28m in 1996.

But one of the major unit-holders, rural services company Williams and Kettle,
has dismissed the dissident group's chances of success.

Williams and Kettle's chief executive, Gerald Weenink, said his company was
confident the motions would be defeated.

Mr Weenink said both Williams and Kettle and the trust management company were
opposed to the proposals to be put to the meeting.

Mr Weenink said they believed the best value could be delivered to unit-holders
by not terminating the trust.

The trust has been going for 10 years and is one of the more successful unit
trusts in the market place,'' he said.

We believe the great majority of unit-holders are happy to continue with the
trust, otherwise they would be seeking to redeem their units and the redemption
level of units has been relatively minor,'' Mr Weenink said.

The trust at the beginning of September last year had 56.8m units on issue and
5256 unit-holders.

NZ Rural Property Trust is managed under contract by a subsidiary of listed
company NZ Rural Properties, in which Williams and Kettle has more than a 70 per
cent stake.

On December 17, Williams and Kettle spent $ 5.04m buying 4m NZ Rural Properties
Trust units -- at about 126c a unit. Only a week before, the units had traded at
102c on Sharemart.

The acquisition gives Williams and Kettle 8.45% of the units on issue.

Last year the trust suspended redemptions and distributions.

NZ Rural Property Trust Management's chief executive, Tim Ryan, could not be
reached for comment.--NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Fairfax New Zealand


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Berwick Advertiser

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Chancellor impressed' by Berwick firm

LENGTH: 278  words


Chancellor George Osborne said he was impressed by Berwick-based business
Simpsons Malt following his recent visit.

Mr Osborne announced a £22,5million funding boost for rural businesses in the
North East from Simpsons last Thursday.

Greeted by Simpsons Malt's vice chairman Richard Simpson, the Chancellor and
Conservative parliamentary candidate Anne-Marie Trevelyan were given a tour of
the malting plant, which produces 280,000 tonnes of premium malt for the brewing
and distilling industries worldwide.

Enjoying his first visit to a malting plant, the Chancellor showed great
interest in the malting process from the initial steeping stage, through to
germinating and kilning.

Simpsons Malt personnel Steven Rowley, Wayne Donaghy, Kevin Wood, Pat Richards
and Callum Richardson were on hand during the visit last Thursday to explain the
process and answer any questions.

The family-owned maltster recently celebrated its 150-year milestone and the
Chancellor and Ms Trevelyan were shown around the company's museum before
completing the grain to glass story by tasting the various premium malts and
sampling a 30-year-old single malt.

Commenting on the visit, Richard Simpson, said: "This £22.5m funding boost is
certainly good news for rural businesses in the North East and we were keen to
highlight the importance of dualling the A1 north of Newcastle and the positive
impact that would have to the economy.

"We commended the Chancellor on his work in removing the beer duty escalator
before lobbying for interest rates to remain low, as this is good for both
business and investment."

Following the tour, the chancellor tweeted that Simpsons Malt was "v
impressive".

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBBA


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               C P W Daniell Ltd

                                 30 Tivoli Walk
                              Cheltenham GL50 2UX
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.cpwdaniell.co.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   C P W Daniell Ltd is an independent firm of rural chartered surveyors and
land agents formed in 2012. We specialise in providing professional advice to
landowners, farmers, rural businesses and those with investment, amenity or
equine interests in land.  We predominantly serve the three counties of
Gloucestershire, Herefordshire and Worcestershire but also have clients across
the South West, Wales and the West Midlands.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 1,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            June 17, 1987 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

JUMP IN EXPORTS A GODSEND FOR GOVT

BYLINE: STEPHEN HUTCHEON

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 647 words


CANBERRA: A boost in exports of gold and wool has underpinned a significant
improvement in the current account deficit, which is an electoral godsend for
the Government.

The May current account deficit was $866 million, better than the $1 billion
many economists had expected - and markedly better than the $1revised.05 billion
April deficit.

The improvement has provided the Government with exactly the ammunition it needs
to blast criticism of its record of economic management in the run-up to the
July 11 election.

Moreover, the news couples with falling unemployment, the eighth consecutive
rise in Westpac's index of leading indicators and a survey which is expected to
show a pick-up in business investment when it is released in two weeks.

Indicating the financial market's favourable reaction to the May deficit, the
Australian dollar strengthened, while both short and long-term market interest
rates eased to their lowest point in more than two years.

The Treasurer took full advantage of the situation yesterday to declare the
results to be a vindication of the direction of the Government's economic
policy.

Mr Keating said that the estimate for the current account deficit for 1986-87
would now come in $1.5 billion below the Budget forecast of $14.75 billion.

The Treasurer said that the narrowing of the current account deficit provided
"scope for further falls in interest rates", but that it was ultimately up to
the market to decide when and to what extent this would occur.

He took particular delight in holding up a graph of the balance on merchandise
trade to the television cameras because it showed distinct signs of resembling a
J.

"An even nicer-shape J curve than the last time I held it up," Mr Keating
declared. "There are many finance ministers and treasurers around the world who
would give their eye-teeth for that graph, particularly in the United States."

Looking ahead, Mr Keating said that although there would be room for further
spending cuts in the coming Budget, they would not be of anywhere near the
magnitude of those being advocated by Mr John Stone and the Queensland
Nationals.

The highlights of the May trade figures included a merchandise trade surplus of
$114 million, following the $198 million revised deficit in April.

This improvement was made possible by a 13 per cent increase in exports -11 per
cent in seasonally adjusted terms - with rural exports up 11 per cent and non-
rural exports up 14 per cent.

Wool and sheepskin exports increased by 28 per cent or $98 million and accounted
for almost 36 per cent of total rural exports.

Gold exports, including sales of the recently released gold coin, were up by 56
per cent. They accounted for a large part of the "other non-rural exports"
category which in turn has overtaken mineral exports as the main component of
total non-rural exports.

The outlook for manufacturing exports has improved substantially over this time
last year, with exports of machinery and transport equipment up by 45 per cent.

Imports increased by 2 per cent in seasonally adjusted terms in May and by 6 per
cent or $168 million in original terms, including an outlay of $150 million for
Qantas aircraft purchases.

The increase of $77 million in net services deficit was mainly due to the
seasonal influences on tourism - fewer people visiting Australia and more
Australians taking holidays overseas.

The longer-term picture looks even better with exports up 14.4 per cent over the
past six months.

In the 11 months to the end of May, exports of machinery and transport equipment
were up 66 per cent.

Market economists say that the danger now is that the dollar may appreciate
above US72 cents and destroy some of the competitive advantage that the export
sector enjoys.

"I think the Australia dollar today is at the top of the range the Reserve Bank
wants," said Dr Don Stammer, chief economist with the stockbrokers Bain &Co.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: Balance on Merchandise Trade l85-87

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 17, 2014 Sunday

Terry Brunner: New fund will help rural America

BYLINE: Las Cruces Sun-News

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 608 words


Recently, the White House Rural Council, chaired by the United States Secretary
of Agriculture, Tom Vilsack, announced the creation of a new U.S. Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund to allow private entities to invest in rural
infrastructure projects across the nation. $10 billion has been pledged to start
the Fund and it expects to grow with additional funds. Co Bank, a national
cooperative bank serving rural America, is the anchor investor and Capital Peak
Asset Management will manage the new fund.

With assistance from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), this
unique fund will target rural projects such as hospitals, schools, water
systems, broadband, and energy systems. This positive development presents a
tremendous opportunity for New Mexico to enhance its rural communities and
economies at a time when it is needed most.

New Mexico's economy is on everyone's mind as we recover from the recession but
our infrastructure also deserves serious attention. The 2013 Report Card for
America's Infrastructure published by the American Society of Civil Engineers
awarded New Mexico a "C" for the quality of its infrastructure. We need to do
better in a state highly dependent on its highways, bridges and water systems.
New Mexico's backlog of water projects alone stands at an estimated $900 million
not to mention the schools, highways, hospitals, clinics and other public
facilities in need of funding.

Investments in these infrastructure projects do more than just provide improved
public services they create jobs and economic growth. A 2011 report by the
Center for American Progress's titled, "Now is the Time to Fix our Nation's
Broken Infrastructure," highlighted two important statistics showing the impact
on job growth via infrastructure investments. First, economists James Feyrer and
Bruce Sacerdote reported that on average during the Recovery Act, 12.3 jobs were
created for every $100,000 spent by federal agencies like the Department of
Transportation and the Department of Energy. Secondly, economists James Heintz
and Robert Pollin of the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, found that
infrastructure spending creates about 18,000 total jobs for every $1 billion in
new investment spending.

The U.S. Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund may be used to leverage existing
USDA funding programs or fund infrastructure projects outright. Other tools in
our USDA toolbox for rural development include 40 or more utilities, housing,
facilities and business programs. We've added to that toolbox the $150 million
Rural Business Investment Company, just announced earlier this year, which
allows USDA to help facilitate private equity investments in innovative
agriculture-related businesses.

During the last five years, USDA provided $1.9 billion in New Mexico for
conservation, farming, ranching, agricultural research and exports. Some are
surprised to hear that USDA also invested in New Mexico more than $682 million
in New Mexico's infrastructure and $511 million in small businesses, job
creation and economic development. We have not only been aggressive in funding
New Mexico projects but we are creating new financial vehicles, like those
mentioned above to give communities and businesses further options.

Great ideas are emerging from our rural communities and New Mexico's leaders
need to help marry those great ideas with the financial support needed to make
them happen. The opportunities are there to get creative and get to work in
helping to improve New Mexico's infrastructure which should, in turn, enhance
New Mexico's overall economy.

Terry Brunner is the USDA Rural Development state director.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday

We must Keep the EI debate on point

BYLINE:

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 647  words


We might be finally starting to have a good conversation about the Employment
Insurance (EI) program. It took a lot of political courage this week for the
federal minister in charge of ACOA, Bernard Valcourt, to put his frustrations
with the program out into the public square.

Valcourt is in a riding where there is considerable use of the EI program and, I
suspect, he has enduring memories of the last time big changes to the program
were made back in the early 1990s. These led to considerable social unrest in
this province and elsewhere in the country where there is widespread usage of
the EI program.

My personal view is that we need to start talking about reforming Employment
Insurance because there is mounting evidence that it is impeding business
investment and job creation in many communities across New Brunswick.

The impression among some business owners of a cultural bias against year-round
work is beyond my area of expertise; however, if these businesses are saying
they cannot find workers in communities that have 15 or 20 per cent real
unemployment, we should be concerned.

Some have suggested the EI program may also be stifling the flow of workers from
areas with no work opportunities to those with labour shortages.

The ease of labour mobility is one of the pillars of a successful and dynamic
economy. In 2006 nearly one in five Canadian residents lived in a different
community than where they lived just five years earlier. Much of that movement
was due to people moving for employment. The unrestricted flow of labour is an
important mechanism to alleviate the short term effects of industrial
displacement. However, successful economies going through a rough patch will
re-calibrate and end up becoming a net importer of migrants.

I would like to see all regions of New Brunswick supported by strong economic
foundation, but I realize not all will achieve this. We shouldn't erect
artificial barriers to labour mobility within the province.

I am a proponent of the urban pole economic development model first advanced in
Canada back in the 1960s. Across Canada, small communities and rural areas on
the periphery of a strong urban core tend to perform far better over time than
those rural areas that are far away from one.

While they are relatively small, New Brunswick does have urban hubs around the
province. We need an urban agenda that promotes services concentration in these
hubs coupled with a rural and small town agenda that focuses on leveraging the
economic potential of our natural resources, expanding rural manufacturing
opportunities and building stronger ties between rural and urban areas.

Also, we haven't really put much effort into promoting the home-based workforce
as a way to support rural development. I know of a dozen employers in Moncton
that use home-based workers, but I am told most employees are physically located
within the urban area or close to it.

Someone told me this week our approach to EI reform should be like pulling a
bandage off quickly rather than doing it slowly and carefully. They said ripping
off the EI bandage all at once will cause some very short-term pain, but then
New Brunswick's economy will be better off.

Extending the metaphor, my concern is we are not addressing the wound covered
over by the EI bandage in the first place. Ripping it off could only expose the
economy to even more problems.

Therefore, the debate about reform to the EI system should be tied to the
broader conversation about economic development in New Brunswick. Removing a few
hundred million dollars' worth of EI income each year from rural New Brunswick,
if not part of a new rural development approach, could just make things worse.

David Campbell is an economic development consultant based in Moncton. He writes
a daily blog, It's the Economy Stupid, at www.davidwcampbell.com. His column
appears every Wednesday and Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Meritus Ventures , L.P.

                             1020 Commerce Park Dr.
                              Oak Ridge,  TN 37830
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (865) 220-1715
FAX: (865) 220-2024
URL: www.meritusventures.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Meritus Ventures, L.P. is currently the only Rural Business Investment
Company (RBIC) in the United States. The $36.5M venture capital fund invests to
realize attractive returns for the fund's investors while creating wealth and
jobs in rural areas of central and southern Appalachia and Arkansas. In addition
to providing equity investment, the fund may provide operational assistance to
its portfolio companies.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                            January 14, 2013 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

£1.5m boost will create 50 jobs at pasty manufacturer

BYLINE: LIZ PARKS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 412 words


A Cornish pasty firm is to create 50 new jobs after securing £1.5 million in
funding towards a major expansion that will bring its six site business under
one roof.

Bodmin-based Proper Cornish has secured investment from the Business Catalyst
Fund, which funds large scale projects that will help firms to step up a gear.

With £5 million of funding from the Regional Growth Fund, the scheme was set up
by the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly LEP and Cornwall Council.

The investment will partfund a £3.75 million capital project to convert an empty
48,000 sq ft unit on the town's Walker Lines Industrial Estate to accommodate a
modern bakery and head office all under one roof.

The firm believes this will allow it to operate in a more efficient manner, by
combining its six current locations. As well as creating 50 new jobs over the
next two years, Proper Cornish said it would safeguard a further 183 posts.

Chris Pomfret, chairman of the Cornwall & Isles of Scilly LEP, said: "The
investment in Proper Cornish is an example of the real difference this fund can
make, not only to a company but also the wider community.

It has enabled a project that will safeguard the existing business but will also
create new jobs and promote growth, which is a key priority for the economy of
Cornwall in 2013."

Proper Cornish has been making pasties since 1988 with a range that includes 20
types of pasty, savoury slices and sausage rolls with products available fresh
and frozen.

Paul Saunders, group financial director for Proper Cornish, said: "We are
delighted that the LEP has recognised the opportunity this project offers in
terms of sustainable employment and business growth. Funds such as these are
vital in the current economic climate and we are excited to be able to move the
business forward in such a positive way."

Councillor Stephen Rushworth, Cornwall Council portfolio holder for economy and
regeneration said: "I welcome today's announcement; the council is committed to
working with partners to support the local business community in achieving
growth and creating new jobs for the people of Cor nwall."

The Business Catalyst Fund, managed by the Cornwall Development Company, is part
of the Duchy's £17 million Business Boost programme.

Other schemes in the programme include: Business Investment for Growth; the
Superfast Cornwall fund; the Growing Places fund and the Rural Business
Investment Scheme.

'We are excited to be able to move the business forward' Paul Saunders

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2013 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Crain's Small Business Detroit

                               December 02, 1996

SERVICE PROVIDERS: THE SBA:

SECTION: Business; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 5133 words


The Small Business Adminiatration is an independent federal agency that was
created in 1953 to "aid, counsel, assit and protect the interests of
small-business concerns; to preserve free, competitive enterprise; and to
maintain and strngthen the overall economy." The SBA has offices throughout the
country, and Michigan is served through the Detroit destrict office in the
McNamara Building and an office in Marquette.

The SBA provides excellent, professionally produced resource materials on an
amazing array of topics, at little or no cost. Specific contact information is
available in the resource listing, but the programs and services of the agency
can be accessed in person, by phone, fax or mail, or even through the Internet.

The many financial programs of the SBA are probably the best known of its
assistance efforts. While information on these programs can be obtained through
the SBA, the loans themselves are secured through private-sector organizations,
mostly banks. There are no SBA grant programs, despite information you might
pick up on late-night TV infomercials.

Finance, investment and procurement programs

Key programs rely on guarantees of loans made by private lenders, so the cost to
taxpayer is minimal. Credit programs boost the availability of capital and build
the confidence of lenders and borrowers.

7(a) General Loan Program- Represents 90 percent of the agency's total laon
effort. Promotes small-business formation and growth by guarantees of up to 90
percent of amount provided by commercial lenders. Between 1980 and 1990, SBA
provided guarantees for 180,000 loans worth more than $31 billion. A recent
study by Price Waterhouse reports that businesses that get these loan guarantees
show higher growth than comparable businesses.

504/503 Development Company Loan Program- Uses public-private partnerships to
finance fixed assets. Has produced more than $11 billion in investments and more
than 350,000 jobs since its beginning in1980.

The Small Business Investment Company Program- Private capital combined with
SBA-guarantees funds provides venture capital for start-up and growth.  Small-
business investment companies have invested more than $10 billion in nearly
70,000 small businesses.

The Microloan Program - Small loans help entrepreneurs in inner-city and rural
areas from small, often home-based enterprises.

Export Finance - Normal and specialized loan-guarantee programs offer working
capital and longer-term financing topromote exporting.

The 8(a) Program - Helps  socially and economically disadvantaged individuals,
partly through access to federal contracts.

Procurement Assistance - Ensures maximum competition by encouraging contracts
for small businesses. Saved taxpayers $210 million in1992.

The Surety Bond Guarantee Program - Nearly 209,00 surety guarantees for mare
than $20 billion in contracts since 1976, helping businesses win
government-construction contracts.

Business-development programs

These serve as the catalyst for today's small-business development and growth,
providing marketing and training information. Programs focus on management
training, international trade, veterans affairs, women's initiatives and
resource partnerships.

Business Initiatives, Education and Training - Produces a broad range of
management and technical-assistance publications and audiovisual materials.  In
1992, the SBA distributed more than 3 billion publications and videotapes.

International Trade - Information, advice and help with export finance prepare
businesses to take advantage of the new world market, particularly in Mexico,
the Pacific Rim, Canada and Europe.

Veterans Affairs - Business-management and technical training, and counseling.
About 1,200 training conferences were conducted for prospective and established
veteran business owners in fiscal-year 1992.

Women's Business Ownership - Mentoring programs, training and counseling,
"Access to capital" seminars and resource information. Sponsors "Women Going
International" training conferences and assits business ready for expansion.

Small-business Innovation and Research - Competitive opportunities to win
federal research-and-development contracts.

Resource Partners - Service Corps of Retired Executives, Small Business
Institutes and Small Business Development Centers handled more than 400,000
counseling cases during the first quarter of fiscal-year 1992. More than 720,000
business people were counseled or trained in fiscal-year 1992.

For more information, call: (800) U-ASK-SBA, or (800) 827-5722. For the hearing
impaired, the number is (202) 205-7333. Fax (202) 205-7064.

Or you may contact the Detroit district office at (313) 226-6075. The SBA Web
site is http://www.sba.gov, nad the site for the U.S. Business Administration is
http://www.business.gov. There is also an SBA electronic bulletin board. Call
(900) 401-9600.

SBDC Network

A network of Small Business Development Centers provides help throughout the
state to entrepreneurs and existing businesses with fewer than 500 employees.
The network of SBDC offices is supported by the SBA and local partners that
provide matching funds. Headquarters for Michigan SBDC are in Detroit, but
no-cost consulting and low-cost training are available to all businesses
throughout the state through a network of 13 regional offices also supprt local
offices in various communities.

The Michigan SBDC is staffed with trained business consultants who provide
assistance on issues ranging from personnel management, applying for a patent,
locating research-and-development grants, preparing cash-flow statements and
setting up accounting systems, to indentifying new technologies and processes
for manufacturers, accessing foreign markets, writing a business plan, choosing
the most effective computer system and locating nontraditional sources of
capital. The SBDCs also refer clients to experts who serve as consultants to the
SBDC Network. These private- and public-sector consultants include CPAs, loan
counselors, attorneys and marketing specialists.

Small Business Development Center consultants also have been trained to assess a
company's readiness to export, design foreign-market entry plans, find potential
buyers and refer companies to pubblic and private international-trade resources.
Throughtraining and partnerships with other organizations, they also can provide
specialty services to research-and-development firms and manufacturers.

For more information, contact your nearest SBDC:

State headquarters

Michigan Small Business Development Center

2727 Second Ave., Suite 107 Detroit, MI 48201

Phone: (313) 964-1798

Fax: (313) 964-3648

E-mail: stateoffice@misbdc.wayne.edu

Web site: http://bizserve.com/sbdc/

Regional SBDCs

Regional SBDCs are the designated lead organizations for small-business
assistance in your area:

Alpena

Alpena Community College

(517) 356-9021, Ext. 383

Ann Arbor/Saline

Washtenaw Community College

(313) 944-1016

Detroit

Wayne State University

(313) 577-4850

Escanaba

1st Step Inc.

(906) 786-9234

Flint

Community Capital & Development Corp.

(810) 239-5847

Grand Rapids

Grand Valley State University

(616) 771-6693

Kalamazoo

Kalamazoo College

(616) 337-7350

Lansing

Lansing Community College

(517) 483-1921

Mt. Clemens

Macomb County Business Assistance Center

(810) 469-5118

Mt. Pleasant

Central Michigan University

(517) 774-3270

Saginaw

Saginaw Valley State University

(517) 790-4388

Traverse City

Traverse Bay Economic Developmetn Corp.

(616) 946-1596

Troy

(810) 641-0088

Satelite SBDCs

Satelite SBDCs work in cooperation with regional SBDCs to provide small-business
assistance in your area.

Adrian

Lenawee County Chamber of Commerce

(517) 266-1488

Allendale

Ottawa County Economic Development Office

(616) 892-4120

Ann Arbor

Michigan Manufacturing Technology Center

(313) 769-4423

Bad Axe

Huron City Economic Development Corp.

(517) 269-6431

Benton Harbor

Lake Michigan College

(616) 927-8179

Big Rapids

Ferris State University

(616) 592-3553

Boyne City

Northern Lakes Economic Alliance

(616) 582-6482

Brighton

Livingston County SBDC

(810) 227-3556

Caro

Tuscola City Economic Development Corp.

(517) 673-2849

Detroit

University of Detroit Mercy

(313) 993-1115

Grand Haven

Association of Commerce and Industry

(616) 846-3153

Grand Rapids

The Right Place Program

(616) 771-0571

Hart

Oceana City Economic Development Corp.

(616) 873-7141

Jackson

Jackson Business Development Center

(517) 787-0442

Lapeer

Lapeer Development Corp.

(810) 667-0080

Midland

Midland Chamber of Commerce

(517) 839-9901

Monroe

Genesis Centre for Entrepreneurial Development

(313) 243-5947

Muskegon

Muskegon Economic Growth Alliance

(616) 722-3751

Port Huron

St. Clair City Industrial

(810) 982-9511

Roscommon

Kirtland Community College

(517) 275-5121, ext. 297

Saginaw

Saginaw Future College

(517) 754-8222

Scottville

West Shore Community College

(616) 854-6211

Southgate

Downriver Community Conference

(313) 281-0700

Sterling Heights

Sterling Heights Area Chamber of Commerce

(810) 731-5400

Traverse City

Community Development Corp.

(616) 929-5000

Northwestern Michigan College

(616) 922-1720

Private Industry Council

(616) 929-5000

Traverse City Area Chamber

(616) 947-5075

Warren

Macomb Community College

(810) 445-7348

Warren/Center Line/Sterling Heights Chamber of Commerce

(810) 751-3939

Score

The SBDCs and the SBA can connect you with another SBA-supported program: SCORE,
the Service Corp of Retired Executives. SCORE is a 13,000-member volunteer
program that began in 1964.

While most of the men and women business executives who volunteer assistance are
retired, full-time, employed executives are also eligible for membership. SCORE
volunteers share their management and technical expertise with entrepreneurs and
existing business owners. Every effort is made to match a client's needs with
the exertise of the volunteer.

SCORE also provides prebusiness workshops, as well as a variety of workahops on
other topics. In the Detroit area, these workshops are conducted in either the
SBA district oofice in the McNamara Building or in the Detroit Edison Co.
Complex. Prices range from $5 for the "Loan Information Clinic" to $35 for the
"Marketing Plan Workshop." They are open to current and prospective
small-bussiness entrepreneurs.

Michigan SCORE locations

Arequest for couseling can be made at any location.

Southeastern Michigan

Small Business Administration

Patrick V. McNamara Building

477 Michigan Ave.

Detroit, MI 48226

(313) 226-7947

Hours: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. M-F

Saginaw Chamber of Commerce

901 S. Washington Ave.

Saginaw, MI 48601

(517) 752-7161

Ann Arbor Chamber of Commerce

211 E. Huron

Ann Arbor, MI 48104

(313) 665-4433

Madison Heights Chamber of Commerce

26385 John R

Madisn Heights, MI 48071

(810) 542-5010

Flint Area Chambe of Commerce

316 W. Water St.

Flint, MI 48503

(810) 232-7101

Jackson Chamber of Commerce

P.O. Box 80

109 W. Washongton St.

Jackson, MI 49204

(517) 782-8221

Lansing Regional Chamber of Commerce

510 W. Washington Ave.

P.O. Box 14030

L:ansing, MI 48901

(517) 487-6340

Macomb County Chamber of Commerce

58 North Ave.

Mt. Clemens, MI 48043

(810) 463-1528

Oakland County Chamber of Commerce

1760 S. Telegraph, Suite 207

Bloomfield Hills, MI 48302

(810) 456-8600

Oakland County Economic Development Group

Executive Office Building

1200 N. Telegraph Road

Pontiac, MI 48341

(810) 858-0732

Lawrence Technological University

Buell Building

21000 W. 10 Mile Road, Room 337

Southfield, MI 48075-1058

(810) 356-0200, Ext. 3053

Rochester Chamber of Commerce

71 Walnut St., Suite 110

Rochester, MI 48063

(810) 651-6700

Livonia Chamber of Commerce

15401 Farmington Road

Livonia, MI 48154

(810) 427-2122

Port Huron Chamber of Commerce

920 Pinegrove

Port Huron, MI 48060

(810) 985-7101

Warren Chamber of Commerce

30500 Van Dyke

Warren, MI 48093

(810) 751-3939

Monroe County Chamber of Commerce

Detroit Edison Building

111 E. First St.

Monroe, MI 48161

(313) 242-3366

Downriver Community Conference

15100 Northline Road

Southgate, MI 48195

(313) 281-0700

Lapeer Development Corp.

449 McCormick Drive

Lapeer, MI 48446

(810) 667-0080

Ypsilanti Area Chamber of Commerce

301 W. Michigan Ave., Suite 301

Ypsilanti, MI 48197

(313) 482-4920

Brighton Chamber pf Commerce

131 Hyne St.

Brighton, MI 48119

(810) 227-3557

Lenawee County Chamber of Commerce

202 N. Main, Suite A

Adrian, MI 49221

(517) 265-5141

Greater Detroit Chamber of Commerce

600 W. Lafayette Blvd.

Detroit, MI 48226

(313) 964-4000

Bay County Growth Alliance

901 S. Saginaw St.

P.O. Box 369

Bay City, MI 48707

(517) 893-5596

Dearborn Chamber of Commerce

15544 Michigan Ave.

Dearborn, MI 48126

(313) 584-6100

Troy Chamber of Commerce

4555 Corporate Drive, Suite 300

Troy, MI 48098

(810) 641-8151

Western MIchigan

Kalamazoo Chamber of Commerce

128 N. Kalamzoo Mall

Kalamazoo, MI 49005

(616) 381-5382

Battle Creek Area Chamber of Commerce

4 Riverwalk Center

34 W. Jackson St.

Battle Creek, MI 49017

(616) 962-4076

Evergreens Commons Senior Center

480 State St.

Holland, MI 49423

(616)396-9472

Grand Rapids Chamber of Commerce

111 Pearl St., N.W.

Grand Rapids, MI 49503-2831

(616) 771-0305

Muskegon Area Chamber of Commerce

349 W. Webster

Muskegon, MI 49441

(616) 722-3751

Upper lower peninsula

Alpena Area Chamber of Commerce

P.O. Box 65

133 Johnson St.

Alpena, MI 49707

(517) 354-4181

Manistee Chamber of Commerce

U.S. 31 at Mason Street

Manistee, MI 49660

(616) 723-2575

Cadillac Area Chamber of Commerce

222 Lake St.

Cadillac, MI 49601

(616) 775-9776

Kirtland Community College

10775 N. St. Helen Road

Roscommon, MI 48653

(517) 275-5121

Traverse City Chamber of Commerce

P.O. Box 387

202 E. Grandview Parkway

Traverse City, MI 49684

(616) 947-5075

Petoskey/Harbor Springs Chamber of Commerce

401 E. Mitchell St.

Petoskey, MI 49770-9961

(616) 347-4150

Upper Peninsula

Sault Ste. Marie Chamber of Commerce

2851 I-75 Business Spur

Sault St. Marie, MI 49783-0408

(906) 632-3301

Delta County Chamber of Commerce

230 Ludington St.

Escanabe, MI 49829

(906) 786-2192

MSU EXTENSION SERVICE

Michigan State University is a land-grant institution. As such, it participants
in the Cooperative State Research, Education and Extension Service.

Extension-service offices are in each county of Michigan and they develop their
program priorities relative to the needs of each county. Four of the
extension-service offices provide business start-up assistance to county
residents, eith a specialty in home-based businesses.

Antrim Couty MSU Extension

Antrim County Building

P.O. Box 427

Bellaire, MI 49615

(616) 533-8818

Eaton County MSU Extension

551 Courthouse Drive, Suite 1

Charlotte, MI 48813

(517) 543-2310

Ingham County MSU Extension

121 E. Maple St.

P.O. Box 319

Mason, MI 48854

(517) 676-7207

Washtenaw County MSU Extension

4133 Washtenaw Ave.

P.O Box 8645

Ann Arbor, MI 48107

(313) 971-0079, Ext. 2608

Some assistance is also available through the Wayne County MSU Extension Office:

Wayne County MSU Extension

640 Temple St.

Detroit, MI 48201

(313) 833-3298

MICHIGAN JOBS COMMISSION

The michigan Jobs Commission is the department of state government that is
responsible for economic development, which includes support of the state's
small business. Jobs Commission services are dilivered primarily through
"account managers" who deal with individual companies in specific geographical
areas, and assistance is targeted on the basis of economic impact. Therefore,
the Jobs Commission does not have the "program focus" of the SBA.

Whether you are a business owner or just thinking of starting a business, if you
are trying to  locate information or assistance provided through state
government, (517) 373-9808, in the Jobs Commission is your one-stop contact.
Customer-service representatives are trained to provide you with information on
whether your business activity requires a state permit. When it does, they will
tell you who to call.

Costumer-service representatives also are trained to provide you with
appropriate referrals within the Jobs Commission and to other agencies. If you
are experiencing regulatory problem with a state agency, for instance, the
customer-service representative may refer you to the Michigan Business
ombudsman, or if you are inquiring about assistance available to employers who
want to provide health programs in their companies, they might refer you to the
Community Health Department for information on the Wellness-grants program.

Public Library System

The Library of Michigan is the second-largest library in the nation, and the
state has a marvelous network of public libraries. The staff of these libraries
can be a tremendous source of assistence in obtaining information you need for
your business, whether your are looking for information on assistance providers
or U.S. Census data for marketing purposes. Most of them are connected through
computer links, so you have access to everything that is available through
libraries outside your community,too

If you are not yet using the Internet, your local library may be a good place to
try it. For instance, eight public libraries, in Wayne and Oakland counties have
joined as a nonprofit consortium, the Metro Net, to offer access without charge
to electronic resources. They do this through free accounts for library patrons
on a host server, available on terminals and personal computers at each site and
through dial-in nodes. Call the Library of the State of Michigan to find the
closest library to you that has that capacity.

Library of Michigan

717 W. Allegan

P.O. Box 30007

Lansing, MI 48909

(517) 373-1580

Web site: http://www.libofmich.lib.mi.us/

Metro Net member libraries:

Baldwin/Birmingham

Bloomfield Township

Canton Township

Farmington Community

Independence Township

Rochester Hill

Southfield

West Bloomfield Township

WEb site: http//metronet.lib.mi.us/

Oganizations

Most communities have a chamber of commerce, which has as its purpose the
promotion of businesses within its community. They are usually not-for-profit
organizations that require dues for membership, and they are a good for meeting
and networking with other business owners in your area. They usually have a
membership directory and, often, a newsletter. Many chambers sponsor business
expositions, trade shows and training opportunities in addition to routine
meetings. Check your phone book or call the Michigan Chamber of Commerce to
locate the chamber in your community.

Hundreds of trade associations exist to allow business owners in particular
industries to work together. Whether you own a dry-cleaning shop or are
self-employed computer consultant, an organization probably exists for you.
These are aslo not-for-profit organizations that require membership dues, and
their purposes generally fall in the areas of achieving legislative change in
government, providing member services or both.

Like chambers, associations provide networking opportunities and often sponsor
newsletters, trade shows and training opportunities. They also may offer
services such as health-benefit plans for your employees, group credit-card
rates or self-insurd workers' compensation insurance plans. Check an association
directory in your library or bookstore to find those of interest to you, or call
the Michigan Society of Association Executives.  Better yet, check with an owner
of a similar business.

Some associations are formed around characteristics of business owners and the
way they do business rather than the kinds of businesses they conduct.  There
are associations for business owners who are female, members of racial or ethnic
minorities or who have disabilities. There are groups for people who are
self-employed or those who conduct business from their homes. Two association
are well-known by Lansing legislators for representing small businesses: the
Small Business Association of Michigan and the Michigan chapter of the National
Federation of Independent Business.

Think about what you would like to gain from association membership, then call
or write those groups you are considering for more information. Most of them
have membership packets they would be happy to send to you. Also, most of them
have a sliding-scale dues structure to allow small companies to participate. If
you are an Internet user, many of them also have World Wide Web sites that
provide additional information.

Michigan Chamber of Commerce: (517) 371-2100

Small Business Association of Michigan: (517) 482-8788

National Federation of Independent Business, Michigan chapter: (517) 485-3409

National Association of Women Business Owners,Michigan chapter: (313) 961-4748

Alliance of Women Entrepreneurs: (616) 791-6600

Michigan Minority Business Development Council: (313) 873-3200, (616) 776-1724

Booker T. Washington Business Association: (313) 875-4250

American Indian Business Development Consortium: (616) 941-5858

Michigan Hispanic Chamber of Commerce: (810) 754-4920

Council of Minority Business Organizations: (810) 559-9079

Regulators

If you're just starting your business, it may be hard to determine all the steps
that must be taken to comply with governmental regulations at the federal, state
and local levels. Once you have done so, however, the regulatory agencies
actually will become sources of assistance.

Most of them provide helpful information to you periodically or upon initial
"registration," and they will supply you with appropriate filing forms in a
timely fachion. Most agencies provide clear and helpful instructions, and many
offer listings of materials, training sessions and contact numbers for
additional information you may need.

If any agency does not provide you with sufficient information and you are
having trouble, ask for help. Not only are you a taxpayer, but it is in the
agency's interest, too, that you are able to complete reports correctly the
first time. The following are profiles and contacts for six of these agencies:
Toll-free telephone assistance: (800) 829-1040

Internal Revenue Service

The literature racks of the Internal Revenue Service don't have much visual
appeal, but their free publications are well-written, clear and intended to be
read by you, not your accountant. And they are available on a wide range of
topics, at no cost. In cooperation with local partners, the IRS also provides
STEP, a free or in-expensive Small-business Tax Education Program.

IRS Publications

The following free publications coverbasic information regarding federal
business-tax benefits and obligations. You may order any of them by calling (800
829-3676:

Publication 334, Tax Guide for Small Business.

Publication 505, Tax Withholding and Estimated Tax.

Publication 533, Self-Employment Tax.

Publication 541, Tax Information on Partnerships.

Publication 542, Tax Information on Corporations.

Publication 583, Starting a Business and Keeping Records.

Publication 589, Information on S Corporations.

Publication 910, Guide to Free Tax Services.

Publication 937, Employment Taxes and Information Returns.

Online services:

Internal Revenue Information Service (IRIS)

IRIS offers instant access to federal income-tax forms, instructions,
publications and information on free tax-assistance programs, electronic tax
filing and more through FedWorld. FedWorld is available via the Internet by
setting the telnet to fedworld.gov or by dialing direct - set modem parity to
none, data bits to 8, stop bit to 1, terminal to American National Standards
Institute (ANSI) emulation protocols and duplex to full, and set communication
software to dial (702) 321-8020.

Tele-tax

Tele-tax is recorded information that can answer many federal tax questions.

Detroit: (313) 961-4282; elsewhere: (800) 829-4477

MESC

Michigan Employment Security Commission

Next to taxes, dealing with unemployment insurance is probably the most awesome
of experiences for employers. But like Internal Revenue Service, the MESC can
provide you with a variety of assistance. The publication Overview of
Unemployment Insurance Taxes is written in plain English and explains how and
when employers are subject to the unemployment-insurance system. Other
publications and audiovisual materials are available on specific topics and
services, and they can be either purchased or borrowed from any public library
or local MESC branch office.

Employer Advocacy Program

This program is designed to offer no-cost assistance to employers whose benefit-
and unemployment-tax-liability Referee and Board of Review hearings qualify for
advocacy services. Michigan employers may select their own advocate from a
statewide network of consultants. The advocates are not required to be
contractors, not MESC employees. As a result, the MESC does not dictate or
control their desicions or actions. If you are interested in advocacy
assistance, call (800) 638-3994.

Tax questions

7310 Woodward Ave.

2nd Floor

Detroit, MI 48202

Tax-service teams

(313) 876-5135

The tax-service teams can answer questions about employer numbers, employer
liability, coverage of employee services, termination of employer liability,
determination of successorship or status of liability appeals. They can explain
tax-rate calculations or tax components. They can answer your questions about
missing tax reports or the status of rate appeals, about overpayments of taxes
or certification to the IRS of an employer's payment of unemployment taxes,
about the status of tax accounts or amounts of taxes due and about assessments
or tax liens.

Tax-team support

(313) 876-5146

Tax teams handle requests about change of mailing address, registering as a
liable employer (Form MESC 1009), mailing tax reports, receiving and processing
tax reports (Form MESC 1020) or mailing and processing amended tax reports (Form
MESC 1021).

Field audit

(313) 876-5128

Can handle inquires about information being requested by field auditors and
procedures used in an audit.

Tax-office administration

(313) 876-5131 or 876-5120

Can handle general inquires about MESC policies and procedures concerning
unemployment taxes.

System-control division

(313) 876-5700

Can answer questions about incorrect benefit charges.

Employer customer-relations hot line

(800) 638-3994

Staff members are available 8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. They will
accept any employer questions or concerns. After hours, prerecorded information
about a variety of topics is available.

Where is the nearest MESC branch office? Contact the MESC's claimant
customer-relations hot line: (800) 638-3995.

Consumer & Industry

Michigan Department of Consumer & Industry Services

The Michigan Department of Consumer & Industry Services is responsible for the
protection of citizens through the licensing and regulation of a wide range of
industries, professions and occupations. Among these industries are banking,
securities, insurances, gas, electric, telecommunications and health services.
While some businesses will deal with the department to obtain specific licenses,
it is the Corporation and Securities Bureau within the department that will be a
more common contact.

The corporation division handles: the filing of articles of incorporation,
limited-liability articles of organization, certificates of limited partnership,
certificates of authority for ofreign corporations and limited partnerships to
do business in michigan , other corporate and limited-partnership documents and
the registration of trademarks and service marks. The securities division
reviews and registers all securities offerings and registers brokerages, agents
and investment advisers.

If you request form to register your company with the corporation division, you
will be sent a booklet, The Entrepreneur's Guide, which contains helpful
information on organizing a corporation or partnership in Michigan.

Also, the corporation division is developing a seminar on the legal requirements
for corporations in Michigan and plans to mail information to all newly formed
businesses registered with it.

To obtain forms to incorporate or registe partnership: (517) 334-6302

You also may call this telephone number to request The Entrepreneur's Guide.

To check on availability of a business name: (900) 555-0031

Environmental Quality

Michigan Department of Environmental Quality

Not every Michigan business owner needs to deal with the Department of
Environmental Quality, but many do. Once a part of the Department of Natural
Resources, the DEQ was by an executive order of the governor in October 1995 to
separate the regulation of the quality of our environment - usually business
regulation - from the management of our natural resources, such as animals, fish
and parks.

Because environmental-quality issues dealing with air, land and water are
technical, the department has created the Environmental Assistance Center to
provide businesses with a single access: (800) 662-9278. Staffed by experienced
DEQ personnel, the center can provide direct and referral assistance on matters
such as air, water and wetlands permits; contaminated-site cleanups;
under-ground-storage-tank removals and remedition; hazardous- and solid-waste
disposal; pollution prevention and recycling; and compliance-related assistance.

The center also can provide information on DEQ training, publications and
business-assistance programs, such as those required by the federal Small
Business Clean Air Assistance Program (CAAP). The CAAP helps small and
medium-size businesses understand their obligations under state and federal
air-quality laws and indentify methods of compliance with those requirements.
As part of this program, a clean-air ombudsman was appointed to advocate for
small businesses affected by the Clean Air Act. The ombudsman also can be
reached through the Environmental Assistance Center.

Internet: htt://www.deq.state.mi.us

Pollution Emergencies: (800) 292-4706

Southeast Michigan office: (313) 953-0241

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            February 6, 2012 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Philippine delegation to visit

BYLINE: Fabian Gatana

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 163 words


BOUGAINVILLE will play host to a high level business and investment delegation
from the Philippines this week.

The ABG, led by President John Momis, members of the Bougainville Executive
Council and the business sector will host the delegation upon their arrival on
Wednesday. The delegation comprises of 31 business executives and entrepreneurs
from various business interests in the Philippines and government
representatives. Their interests in Bougainville covers potential investments in
agriculture, banking, shipping, tourism, fisheries and mining, among other
areas. They will also explore opportunities in direct investment, trade and
commercial ties with Bougainville.

"This visit is yet another positive indicator that Bougainville is well on the
road to political and broad based economic recovery and that the situation on
the ground is such that it has shown the world that Bougainville is open or
(has) creditable business and investment opportunities," said Mr Momis.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               November 25, 2011

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 495 words


Chancellor's statement should help economy

     ·    ? Changes to VAT and business investment tax relief could do much to
          stimulate the rural economy, says Mike Harrison of accountant Saffery
          Champness.


On VAT, the chancellor could use his autumn statement on 29 November to
introduce a reduced rate for property works to boost maintenance and extension
work in the building trade, he says.

Tourism could also be encouraged through a reduced rate of VAT, encouraging more
holidays at home and in the countryside.

Although larger companies will benefit from lower corporation tax rates from
April 2012, there was nothing to help partnerships or sole traders cope with the
reduction in capital allowances next spring.

Diversified businesses could also be helped if the tax rules were changed to
allow losses in one business to be offset against the profits of another. Suzie
Horne

Higher costs to squeeze margins further

     ·    ? Rising costs are set to push the average cost of production for feed
          wheat up to £130/t for 2012, according to the latest forecast from
          Agro Business Consultants.


The November edition of its costing book shows costs, including rent and finance
charges, are up about £6/t on 2011, although at a predicted selling price of
£140/t, feed wheat is still profitable without support.

Oilseed rape was also likely to give a decent margin. Costs were set to rise by
£13/t to £320/t, but this was still £25 below the budgeted selling price. But
margins for winter feed barley were less promising as costs were predicted to
total £153/t, more than £20/t above the expected selling price.

There was also inflationary pressure in the livestock sector. For example,
production costs for a year-round calving dairy herd were put at 25.6p/litre, up
by just over a penny from the current year.

Go towww.abcbooks.co.ukto find out more about the book and order a copy. Paul
Spackman

Joining forces to maximise green energy price

     ·    ? Mole Valley Renewables has joined forces with the renewable
          electricity supplier Good Energy.


The company has been chosen as the Feed-in Tariff licensee for Mole Valley's
Farmers Power Station, which pays members with installations of over 30kW for
the electricity they produce.

The Farmers Power Station was created last year and is a "virtual power station"
made up of individual renewable energy generators combining their power
production to maximise the unit price for energy export. Its energy projects
currently generate 1.5MW, with a further 3MW in orders and 14MW in the pipeline.
Paul Spackman

Dairy farmers sign up to supply new creamery

     ·    ? Milk Links has signed up over 40% of the 120m litres of milk needed
          for the expansion of its Lockerbie Creamery. Some 50m litres had been
          secured so far, in advance of the new cheese facility going
          operational at the end of next year.


When complete, the £20m investment will make the creamery the largest dairy
processing facility in Scotland with capacity to produce more than 37,000t of
cheese a year. Paul Spackman

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2011 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            February 3, 2017 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Bill would allow expansion partnerships for broadband

BYLINE: By, Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 408 words


SANTA FE - Wednesday, Sen. Michael Padilla's Senate Bill 143, the New Mexico
Infrastructure Act, passed unanimously out of the Senate Corporations Committee.

The legislation allows state and local governments to join in partnerships with
private companies to deliver broadband connectivity. The bill also includes
authority for public-private partnerships to accomplish energy efficiency
retrofitting of public buildings. Supporters hope it will give New Mexicans
fast, reliable and affordable broadband access.

Supports say expanding broadband access will help attract new businesses,
investment, and high-wage employers to New Mexico and connect small business to
online marketplaces. Additionally, the projects stimulated by new public-private
partnerships will lead to jobs related to the installation and maintenance of
necessary infrastructure, according to a news release.

"Access to high-speed broadband is a necessary tool for our community's economic
growth," Padilla said in the news release. "New Mexico suffers from the worst
unemployment in the nation, so it is more critical than ever that we find
creative ways to expand jobs. Broadband access will allow rural and urban
communities across the state to grow small, local businesses, while also being a
viable option for businesses who want to come to New Mexico but are worried
about sufficient internet connection."

Padilla recently chaired a meeting of the Science, Technology, and
Telecommunications Committee focused on expanding broadband in New Mexico. At
the hearing, Padilla said he heard from stakeholders about the need to find
innovative ways to deliver connectivity to all New Mexicans including the 68
percent of New Mexicans living in rural and tribal communities that currently
lack access to broadband.

Senate Bill 143 will now go to Senate Judiciary Committee.

"There isn't a moment to lose on something as critical as ensuring every New
Mexican has access to a job," Padilla said. "This bill will continue to quickly
make its way through the Senate and then I hope my colleagues in the House and
the governor do the right thing by passing and then signing this legislation."

Last week, increasing access to broadband was outlined by Senate and House
Democrats as a priority job creation and economic development effort for this
legislative session.

Senate Bill 143 would be the first time New Mexico would invest in these types
of projects to create jobs the release stated.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: scs


                      Copyright 2017 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           October 5, 2005 Wednesday

Export dip fuels deficit blowout

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 403 words


THE Australian economy is enduring its longest running trade deficit for more
than two decades.

Official numbers yesterday showed the income shortfall between the country's
imports and exports rose $306 million -- a blowout to an overall $1.64 billion
for August.

The figure was the 43rd consecutive monthly deficit and prompted economists to
say the current trade accounts were "mired in red".

The deepening of the deficit, driven by a 3.5 per cent drop in exports, was
blamed on rising fuel prices and a softer than expected result in the
agricultural sectors.

Imports were 1.25 per cent lower in August compared to the month before which
was the largest drop in a year.

Rural exports fell by 2.9 per cent, the first drop in three months, with sales
particularly soft in meat and wool.

The Australian Bureau of Statistics reported trade on those commodities were
larger than normal and rural exports are now more than 11 per cent lower than a
year ago.

The result was far worse than economists expected and could be enough to slow
quarterly GDP growth.

ABN Amro, the investment bank, had already revised its forecast down to $1.3
billion and was surprised by the result.

The $A was expected to trade lower after the release of the data but reversed
that prediction.

Last night, the currency was firmer and trading at US76.36 cents.

Economists believe business investment is now providing an artificial floor of
sorts to the economy.

Spending on expansion by businesses and the corporate sector was attributed to
the recent 1.6 per cent rise in GDP.

The rural softening came after massive increases in contract coal and iron

ore prices in the past year.

ABN Amro economist Felicity Emmett said the numbers also showed coal exports
were weaker because of port capacity restraints.

"This would mean we are heading into the fifth consecutive year in which trade
is a drag on growth," she said.  *  Rebuilding of the nation's cattle herd and
upgrades at key ports were behind the bigger than expected trade deficit in
August, Trade Minister Mark Vaile said.

Mr Vaile said the $1.6 billion monthly deficit still showed the export sector
contributing strongly to the overall economy. *  Opposition foreign affairs
spokesman Kevin Rudd said the results caused "great concern for future economic
growth". "It's nearly four years straight of monthly trade deficits," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Global Times (China)

                            January 18, 2016 Monday

The dragon & the elephant

BYLINE: Yang Lan

LENGTH: 958  words


India, one of China's closest trading partners as well as one of its
geographically closest neighbors, has more than any other country witnessed
China's ascent this past decade. As such, in its first major event of 2016, the
Consulate General of India in Shanghai invited over 150 CEOs from Chinese
companies to share their insights, expertise and experiences as well as offer
new business and investment opportunities in India.Kundapur Vaman Kamath,
president of the New Development Bank of BRICS Countries (NDB), first visited
China in 1988. From his frequent trips here, he witnessed China's transformation
from an agrarian society into a manufacturing and industrial powerhouse. Kamath
believes that India, which is also largely agrarian, can replicate the success
of the Chinese."There are four elements behind China's success that we can learn
from: investment in agriculture, fisheries, and water management; rapid
development of massive infrastructure; development of manufacturing and
industry; and developing the service sector," said Kamath during the India China
Business and Investment Forum in Shanghai.Learning from ChinaIn the vision of
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, by 2022 manufacturing should contribute to
25 percent of India's GDP. He launched the "Make in India" campaign in 2014 to
transform the Indian sub-continent into a global design and manufacturing
hub.Prakash Gupta, the Consul General of India in Shanghai, has invited Chinese
companies to attend the "Make in India" week in Mumbai this February, which will
showcase growth potential and investment opportunities in India's manufacturing
industries such as automobile, construction, electrical machinery, food
processing and railways.

According to Gupta, India plans to build 15 million houses by 2022 and develop
hundreds of smart cities and mega industrial corridors within the next five
years. Furthermore, the country has a target of generating, transmitting and
distributing 175 gigawatts of renewable energy in the next few years. It will
also be opening metro rails in 50 cities and launching high-speed trains through
various corridors."About 65 percent of India's GDP comes from the service
sector. Manufacturing contributes only 15 percent. Ironically, most jobs do not
come from the service sector, but from manufacturing," said Nagraj Naidu,
Director General of Investments and Trade Promotion Division from the Ministry
of External Affairs. Learning from the headline-making success of China's
November 11 national shopping day, which saw $9 billion in online sales in just
12 hours, the Indian government also hopes to bring a similar e-commerce
revolution to India by providing more Internet access to its people.India has
918 million mobile phone users and 402 million Internet users. Of these, 306
million access the Internet through mobile phones. For India, that means a
potential 400 million e-commerce shoppers. Recognizing this opportunity, the
Indian government plans to build 700,000 kilometers in fiber optic networks over
the next three years. It has already invested $5 billion in building rural
broadband coverage for 250,000 villages, and over 400 universities currently
offer free Wi-Fi access.But what India is lacking, according to forum
participants, is the necessary technologies and hardware such as portable
devices, 4G networks and cyber security that China - the world's largest user
and consumer of mobile phones and the Internet - has an abundance of. In this
regard, the Indian government is hoping to ask Chinese companies to transfer
their technology over the border."India today is what China was in the 1990s.
Chinese enterprises and businesses understand the potential in India," said
Naidu.Kamath at NDB concurs. "Developing countries look for solutions which are
cost-effective. Unfortunately when we look for solutions from developed
countries, they are not cost-effective. That is why I think a partnership
between China and India is worthwhile."Tremendous influenceAs the two largest
developing countries in the world, China and India are complementary in their
economic structures. The combined populations of both nations account for
one-third of the world population, and the cultures, economies and politics of
both have a tremendous influence at regional and global levels.In the eight
months between Chinese president Xi Jinping's visit to India in September 2014
and President Modi's visit to China in May 2015, over 40 business-to-business
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) were signed between the two countries. The
economic potential of these MOUs equals more than $50 billion.Between January
and October of 2015, the bilateral trade volume between Shanghai and India
reached $6.6 billion, with 208 projects worth $300 million in foreign direct
investment from India to Shanghai by the end of November. Companies from
Shanghai are considered among the best candidates to invest in India."Shanghai
is one of China's economic centers. It has a well-developed industrial system in
traditional areas such as infrastructure, communications, machinery
manufacturing, and cooperation capacities in high-tech industries," said Zhou
Taitong, Vice Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
(CPPCC) Shanghai Committee."A number of Chinese firms will participate in the
'Make in India' week to share their knowledge and experiences doing business in
India," said Yang Jianrong, Chairman of China Council for the Promotion of
International Trade (CCPIT) Shanghai. "We all benefit from this cooperation."

The India-China Business and Investment Forum held in Shanghai

Prakash Gupta

Kundapur Vaman Kamath

Nagraj NaiduPhotos: Courtesy of the Consulate General of India in Shanghai and
Yang Lan/GT

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1448


                          Copyright 2016 Global Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Delgro's results take the profits expressway

                                 March 18, 2000

Narendra Aggarwal


CORPORATE RESULTS

Revenue stalls in the slip-road but the transportation company reports
substantial net earnings

DELGRO Corporation's group net earnings soared 550 per cent to $ 66.6 million
last year, up from $ 10.2 million in 1998.

The transportation company's earnings were a significant achievement given that
group turnover growth was flat, as its full year financial results released
yesterday showed.

Delgro said group revenue remained almost unchanged at $ 789.3 million last year
from $ 789.4 million in 1998.

Revenue from its transport business fell by 0.3 per cent to $ 754.9 million in
1999 from $ 756.9 million in the previous year; while revenue from the
engineering business, investment and other income saw an increase of $ 1.9
million to $ 34.4 million.

Giving a breakdown of its transport business, Delgro revealed that revenue from
bus operations fell by 3.4 per cent to $ 529 million. It said the drop was due
to the 5 per cent rebate given by Singapore Bus Service with effect from Jan 1
last year.

The drop in bus revenue was ameliorated by an increase in revenue amounting to $
16.5 million, with the taxi business contributing $ 14.2 million, and the car
rental and leasing business another $ 2.3 million.

Delgro said its pre-tax profit of $ 80.8 million from the transport business
represented an increase of 36.4 per cent over the previous year's $ 59.2
million.

Similarly, pre-tax profit from bus operations improved by 38.3 per cent due
largely to lower operating costs -thanks to measures implemented both by the
group as well as by the Government.

Taxi operations' pre-tax profit showed an increase of 36.7 per cent due mainly
to higher revenue and lower interest cost.

The performance of car rental and leasing operations remained broadly unchanged
and the 13.4 per cent growth in pre-tax profit was attributable to a
modification in the accounting method determining interest income, the company
said. The directors have proposed a final dividend of 5 per cent, taking the
total payout for the year to 8 per cent, as against 3.75 per cent paid last
year.

SECTION: Money; Pg. 77

LENGTH: 354 words

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Delgro's revenue from bus operations fell last year due to a rebate
given by Singapore Bus Service with effect from Jan 1 last year. (Page 77);
Sterling Earnings -Delgro's group net earnings skyrocket 550% to $ 66.6 million
despite flat turnover growth. (Page 80)

                 Copyright 2000 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Nevada: White House Rural Council Announces $10 Billion Private Investment Fund
to Finance Job-Creating Infrastructure Projects in Rural America

LENGTH: 769  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

The White House Rural Council today announced the creation of the new U.S. Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund through which private entities can invest in
job-creating rural infrastructure projects across the country. An initial $10
billion has been committed to the fund with greater investment expected to
follow. Target investments will include hospitals, schools and other educational
facilities, rural water and wastewater systems, energy projects, broadband
expansion, local and regional food systems, and other rural infrastructure.

CoBankThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., a national cooperative bank serving
rural America and a member of the Farm Credit System, is the fund's anchor
investor, committing $10 billion to get the fund off the ground. Capitol Peak
Asset ManagementThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. will manage the new fund
and work to recruit more investors to add to CoBank's initial commitment. The
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and other federal agencies will help to
identify rural projects that could be potential beneficiaries of financing
through this new fund and other private sources.

The creation of the new fund was announced during the first-ever White House
Rural Opportunity Investment Conference in Washington, D.C. The conference
brought together business and financial community leaders, Administration and
other government officials, rural development experts, and others to promote
investment opportunities in America's rural communities.

"This fund represents a new approach to our support for job-creating projects
across the country," said Tom Vilsack, U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary
and Chair of the White House Rural Council. "USDA and other agencies invest in
infrastructure through a variety of federal initiatives, but our resources are
finite and there are backlogs of projects in many parts of the economy. We know
where investment opportunities exist, so we are in a position to help promote
these projects among investors. With new efforts like this we can move beyond
existing programs and help encourage substantial private investment in projects
that grow the economy and improve quality of life for millions of Americans."

The Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund will allow America's rural economy to
continue its forward momentum by enhancing access to capital for rural
infrastructure projects and speeding up the process of rural infrastructure
improvements. The fund is immediately open for business and more investors can
now add to the initial $10 billion in available capital.

The fund will allow a wide variety of new participants, including pension funds,
endowments, foundations, and other institutional investors that have not
traditionally had access to these markets to invest in rural development. In
some cases, projects may be funded entirely through private sector dollars. In
others, private dollars may be leveraged with and extend critical government
loan and grant programs.

The new Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund and the White House Rural
Council's Rural Opportunity Investment Conference are part of the Obama
Administration's ongoing efforts to spark additional private investment in rural
communities through private sector sources or through public private
partnerships like the new fund announced today. For example, USDA announced the
$150 million Rural Business Investment Company earlier this year, which allows
the Department to help facilitate private equity investments in innovative
agriculture-related businesses. Vilsack said today that more investment vehicles
such as this are in the pipeline, and other efforts to continue promoting
private investment in rural areas will be announced later this year.

"Meeting the world's needs for food and farm products, as well as the growing
demand in areas like renewable energy, local food, and the bioeconomy will
require continued investment in rural places," Vilsack said. "Many major
investors in urban centers aren't always aware of the significant investment
opportunities in rural communities. If the White House Rural Council can help
facilitate even a small portion of the enormous amount of available investment
capital into rural places, we can grow key industries and create jobs in rural
and urban areas from coast to coast."

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: White House Rural Council Announces $10 Billion Private Investment Fund
to Finance Job-Creating Infrastructure Projects in Rural America

LENGTH: 769  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

The White House Rural Council today announced the creation of the new U.S. Rural
Infrastructure Opportunity Fund through which private entities can invest in
job-creating rural infrastructure projects across the country. An initial $10
billion has been committed to the fund with greater investment expected to
follow. Target investments will include hospitals, schools and other educational
facilities, rural water and wastewater systems, energy projects, broadband
expansion, local and regional food systems, and other rural infrastructure.

CoBankThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., a national cooperative bank serving
rural America and a member of the Farm Credit System, is the fund's anchor
investor, committing $10 billion to get the fund off the ground. Capitol Peak
Asset ManagementThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. will manage the new fund
and work to recruit more investors to add to CoBank's initial commitment. The
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and other federal agencies will help to
identify rural projects that could be potential beneficiaries of financing
through this new fund and other private sources.

The creation of the new fund was announced during the first-ever White House
Rural Opportunity Investment Conference in Washington, D.C. The conference
brought together business and financial community leaders, Administration and
other government officials, rural development experts, and others to promote
investment opportunities in America's rural communities.

"This fund represents a new approach to our support for job-creating projects
across the country," said Tom Vilsack, U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary
and Chair of the White House Rural Council. "USDA and other agencies invest in
infrastructure through a variety of federal initiatives, but our resources are
finite and there are backlogs of projects in many parts of the economy. We know
where investment opportunities exist, so we are in a position to help promote
these projects among investors. With new efforts like this we can move beyond
existing programs and help encourage substantial private investment in projects
that grow the economy and improve quality of life for millions of Americans."

The Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund will allow America's rural economy to
continue its forward momentum by enhancing access to capital for rural
infrastructure projects and speeding up the process of rural infrastructure
improvements. The fund is immediately open for business and more investors can
now add to the initial $10 billion in available capital.

The fund will allow a wide variety of new participants, including pension funds,
endowments, foundations, and other institutional investors that have not
traditionally had access to these markets to invest in rural development. In
some cases, projects may be funded entirely through private sector dollars. In
others, private dollars may be leveraged with and extend critical government
loan and grant programs.

The new Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund and the White House Rural
Council's Rural Opportunity Investment Conference are part of the Obama
Administration's ongoing efforts to spark additional private investment in rural
communities through private sector sources or through public private
partnerships like the new fund announced today. For example, USDA announced the
$150 million Rural Business Investment Company earlier this year, which allows
the Department to help facilitate private equity investments in innovative
agriculture-related businesses. Vilsack said today that more investment vehicles
such as this are in the pipeline, and other efforts to continue promoting
private investment in rural areas will be announced later this year.

"Meeting the world's needs for food and farm products, as well as the growing
demand in areas like renewable energy, local food, and the bioeconomy will
require continued investment in rural places," Vilsack said. "Many major
investors in urban centers aren't always aware of the significant investment
opportunities in rural communities. If the White House Rural Council can help
facilitate even a small portion of the enormous amount of available investment
capital into rural places, we can grow key industries and create jobs in rural
and urban areas from coast to coast."

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                                 March 22, 2000

A 'wasted opportunity' from Brown

SECTION: Pg.4

LENGTH: 358 words


CHANCELLOR Gordon Brown's Budget was today condemned as "flannel, fine words and
spin" which did nothing to make anyone in the North-east any better off.

Opposition politicians united in attacking it as a "wasted opportunity".

But Labour MSP Lewis Macdonald said he was delighted that significant moves had
been announced to help pensioners, low-income families and hospitals in
Grampian.

"This is a budget about tackling those in greatest need," he said.

"This investment in the health service is very good news for Grampian and
potentially will relieve a lot of the pressures on our hospitals."

North-east MSP and Tory finance spokesman David Davidson said backdoor taxes -
including a further 2p on a litre of petrol - would more than swallow up the 1p
cut in income tax due next month.

He said: "Beneath the flannel and fine words, the truth is the motorist is
already paying through the nose and the Chancellor has not gone far enough to
address this, particularly for those in the North and North-east's rural
communities."

On top of that, Labour had done nothing to encourage business investment, create
real jobs or prosperity and had simply tinkered with tax for small to medium
businesses, said Mr Davidson.

SNP leader Alex Salmond dismissed most of the Chancellor's spending
announcements as "modest" and claimed far more could and should have been done
for public services.

He also said the Chancellor should have frozen fuel tax duties rather than raise
them in line with inflation.

"Given Gordon Brown has got GBP 20,000 million extra over the next four years
from Scottish oil revenues, we have a right to expect much greater investment in
Scottish transport, education and housing," he added.

The Banff and Buchan MSP and MP said an extra GBP 238 million for transport -
around GBP 24 million of which looks set to come north of the border - would
"hardly build a road in Scotland".

The extra health funding was welcomed by all.

But Gordon's Lib Dem MP Malcolm Bruce said it only replaced the cuts imposed by
the Government over the last two years.

, which had left North-east's hospitals struggling to cope.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Evening Express


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Senate Conferees Seek Broader Minimum Tax To Finance Superfund

                          September 25, 1986, Thursday

By Patrice Hill

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 24


Senate conferees on the Superfund reauthorization bill today proposed broadening
the tax reform bill's new alternative minimum tax on corporations to raise $5
billion for the cleanup of hazardous waste.

The 20% minimum tax in the final tax bill, H.R. 3838, currently includes in its
base all interest earned on private-activity bonds, as well as the interest
earned on municipal bonds if that appears in a company's book profits.

The Senate Superfund proposal in essence would add a surcharge to the tax bill's
stiff new minimum corporate tax, congressional sources said. The surcharge would
amount to $25 for every $10,000 by which a corporation's minimum tax income ''as
computed under H.R. 3838,'' exceeds $2 million, according to Senate staff
documents.

The idea of using a broad-based minimum tax that would include bond income to
finance the cleanup of hazardous waste dumps under the $8.5 billion Superfund
program is controversial and new, congressional sources said. But they said it
nevertheless is likely to be included in any Superfund legislation enacted this
year.

The Superfund bill has been designated Congress' and the Reagan administration's
top environmental priority. Congressional leaders are working for passage within
the next two weeks before adjourning, despite long-standing disagreements within
Congress over how to finance the program.

The House conferees greeted the Senate minimum tax proposal today as a step in
the right direction, but they objected to raising as much as $5 billion over
five years from such a broad-based tax on corporations.

A House counteroffer later in the day proposed raising only $2 billion.  Rep.
Thomas Downey, D-N.Y., speaking on behalf of the House conferees, said that in
any case, they were willing to raise no more than $3 billion from a broad-based
minimum tax.

House conferees, noting that the Senate proposal would finance more than half
the Superfund through the minimum tax, contended that the program should instead
rely more on chemical and oil industry taxes, as well as taxes on those
responsible for disposing hazardous waste.

Meanwhile, the House today approved 309 to 106 a $15 billion budget reduction
package needed to avoid the Gramm-Rudman law's across-the-board budget cuts,
clearing the measure for conference with the Senate.

Overwhelming approval of the budget package came despite a veto threat by the
Office of Management and Budget, which cited among its principal objections a
provision to create a new credit agency for small business.

The OMB in a statement today said it would recommend a veto of the provision,
establishing a Corporation for Small Business Investment, or Cosbi, that would
sell bonds and agency securities in creating a capital market for small
business. The OMB said it particularly objected to language requiring the OMB
and the Congressional Budget Office to give credit in the budget for the
revenues generated next year by selling $1 billion of government-guaranteed
loans to Cosbi.

The OMB also cited a provision requiring the Treasury Department to forgive
prepayment penalties on $2.4 billion in Rural Electrification Administration
loans. Rural utilities were expected to refinance those loans in part with
government-backed bond offerings in the credit markets next year.

The OMB also called the bill's proposal to sell $2.8 billion of Export-Import
Bank loans ''excessive.'' In all, the House bill would raise $7.4 billion next
year from the sale of about $15 billion of government loans, accounting for half
of the budget savings in the bill.

The bill, after going to conference with the Senate, must be passed and signed
by the President before Oct. 1 to be counted toward reducing the deficit in time
to avoid more than $20 billion in across-the-board cuts under Gramm-Rudman.

In a related development, an aide to House majority whip Thomas Foley, D-Wash.,
said today that the House will vote tomorrow on whether or not to retain its
$3.4 billion appropriation for revenue sharing, now included in the $580 billion
continuing budget resolution.

The revenue sharing provision is the principal reason that the huge bill to keep
the government running next year now exceeds the spending limits set in the
fiscal 1987 budget resolution.

Excess spending in the bill, in turn, could create problems for Congress as it
scrambles to get within the Gramm-Rudman deficit target range for fiscal 1987.

House leaders will permit a floor amendment and debate tomorrow on the bill. The
floor amendment would delete the revenue sharing provision, the Foley aide said.

If the amendment is defeated, he added, then other programs in the continuing
resolution - including most other state and local aid programs - would be cut by
about 1% to create the funds for revenue sharing.

The House leadership is divided on the question of continuing revenue sharing,
the aide said. House Appropriations Committee chairman Jamie Whitten, D-Miss.,
put the revenue sharing provision in the continuing resolution and strongly
supports the program as necessary for the survival of small townships.

But House Government Operations Committee chairman Jack Brooks, D-Tex., whose
committee has jurisdiction over revenue sharing, strongly opposes funding and
reauthorization of the program.

The division among House leaders, the Foley aide said, means that ''the
leadership will not take sides'' but will let the full House decide what to do.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 914 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail Times

                                  July 5, 2016

Council increases money for??Grampians Tourism

BYLINE: Rex Martinich

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 609  words


HORSHAM Rural City Council has voted to increase the money it pays to Grampians
Tourism to offset other councils withdrawing from the group.

Horsham's annual contribution to the group will rise from $35,000 to almost
$41,800.

The new funding model was part of a short-term memorandum of understanding with
participating councils that was set to be reviewed in 2017, after most of
Victoria's councils face elections later this year.

The motion to sign the memo was passed at Horsham council meeting on Monday
night.

Councillors acknowledged that all spending had to be justified following the
introduction of rates rise capping by the state government.

However, the economic activity and jobs in Horsham supported by tourism were
judged to be worth the increased cost of membership to Grampians Tourism.

'This report highlights why we should be stepping up to the plate and supporting
Grampians Tourism,' Cr David Grimble said.

'It does increase our contribution from $35,000 to $41,794.

'At a teleconference with councils It was resolved that we should establish an
memo for a short period for the incoming councils.'

Grampians Tourism originally included Northern and Southern Grampians, Horsham
Rural City, Ararat Rural City and Pyrenees councils, all of which contributed
money on an equal basis.

A report to councillors stated that Pyrenees Shire's departure from Grampians
Tourism, to join Ballarat Tourism, had caused significant change to the group.

Grampians Tourism was established in 2009 and was the first Regional Tourism
Board for the Grampians region.

Its primary purpose is to deliver a coordinated approach to marketing, product
development, infrastructure investment and industry development for the region.

Each participating council nominates a representative to the Grampians Tourism
board, which also includes members from the tourist industry, Regional
Development Victoria, Parks Victoria and Tourism Victoria.

Cr Grimble said it was important to support efforts to boost tourism in the
Grampians because of the economic benefit to Horsham.

He also said that Grampians Tourism should explore alternate sources of revenue
to make it less dependent on councils.

Cr Tony Phelan also supported the motion.

'I think it is important to recognise that the Grampians are fundamental to
tourism in our region,' he said.

'There is an implication for jobs.

'You can see that the prediction for direct revenue for Horsham Rural City is
about $79 million. The employment figure is 497.'

Grampians Tourism's figures projected that Horsham Rural City received almost 30
per cent of the visitors that traveled to the Grampians.

Horsham had the second highest visitor share after Northern Grampians, which had
almost 31 per cent.

Cr Robin Barber said he was happy to support the motion but asked Horsham
council chief executive Peter Brown to clarify how Grampians Tourism measured
its performance.

'There are quite a number of items listed on the goals: increased visitor
numbers and revenue, business investment,' Cr Barber said.

Mr Brown said Grampians Tourism's key measure was maintaining or increase its
share of time spent by tourists in Victoria.

The new memorandum of understanding commits Horsham council and Grampians
Tourism to pursue common goals around increasing visitor numbers, and the time
and money they spend in the region.

The goals include creating sustained growth in visitor numbers, length of stay
and spending, increasing visitor revenue for towns.

There was a goal to increase tourism jobs, particularly for young people, to
support businesses that invest in the region's tourism, and improve experiences
for every visitor.

The was no division called.

LOAD-DATE: July 07, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Berwickshire News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Farmers' union to hold hustings

LENGTH: 305  words


NFU Scotland is preparing to host a hustings meeting in Berwickshire next week
ahead of the General Election in May.

The Union launched its General Election manifesto on March 25, detailing the key
issues it would like to see UK politicians acting on now, to secure the vibrancy
of Scottish farming in the future.

The hustings, at The Lodge, Carfraemill on Thursday April 16 at 7pm, is open to
everyone with an interest in agriculture who lives and works in the area and
will be an opportunity to put questions to candidates from all the main
political parties.

This is part of a series of meetings to be held across the country over the next
five weeks.

In particular, NFUS is calling upon politicians elected on May 7 to support
Scottish farmers by promoting Scotland's larder at home and abroad. The Union is
also calling upon politicians to consider a more co-ordinated approach to export
promotion and fairness in the supply chain.

NFUS urges an urgent review of the UK Government's decision on CAP convergence
monies, as well as looking at which tax levers could be employed to encourage
best practice in land ownership and business investment.

Regional Manager for Lothian and Borders, Kerry Barr said: "The General Election
is likely to be historic, with a number of new political parties and ideas
emerging.

"The event will be a valuable opportunity to put questions to the panel on many
of the key issues currently facing Scottish farmers - how we can promote
Scotland's fantastic produce at home and abroad, Scotland's future in the EU,
and indeed in the UK.

"Following the fantastic engagement of the rural community in last year's
referendum on independence, NFUS urges all members and those living and working
in rural Scotland to use this opportunity to quiz candidates on what their
vision is for the future of our sector."

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBBN


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                              June 8, 2012 Friday

Positives seen in 'shuffling' economy

BYLINE: Jazial Crossley

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 302 words


The New Zealand economy is shuffling forward, according to the latest BusinessNZ
Economic Conditions Index.

While dipping confidence in the rural sector and weakening international
commodity prices remain threats, there are positive factors to the New Zealand
economy, according to the index.

While business investment levels were low and consumer confidence poor,
historically low interest rates and a focus on reducing business and household
debt were positives.

"With inflationary pressures low, pressures on commodity prices easing, and
relatively subdued household demand, the case for any interest rate rises in the
foreseeable future is very slim," BusinessNZ said. The consensus view among
economists was that the Reserve Bank will hold the official cash rate steady at
2.5 per cent next week.

On the negative side, falling commodity prices have led to Fonterra's payout
being cut by 30 cents for the 2011-12 season to $6.45, with a further drop to
between $5.95 and $6.05 expected for the upcoming season.

The business advocacy group also said companies, in general, were taking a "wait
and see" attitude to new investment.

But the focus on debt reduction by businesses and households was important given
New Zealand's vulnerability to changes in international investor sentiment, it
said. Inflation was expected to be well within the Reserve Bank's 1 to 3 per
cent target for the year to June 2013 but under pressure for the year to June
2014, when it is forecast to hit 2.8 per cent.

BusinessNZ said the business community would have liked to have seen more action
on interest- free student loans in the Budget.

Treasury and private sector forecasters were predicting GDP growth to be at 3
per cent by 2014. "The rebuild of Christchurch is a big factor which will make
or break the forecast for growth. Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Concerns for secondary cities

BYLINE: Asit K. Biswas and Kris Hartley

SECTION: OP-ED CONTRIBUTORS

LENGTH: 1511 words


Urbanization is vital to China's development over the next decade. In fact, the
secondary cities will be just as important as the first-tier cities, if not more
so, because they will play a key role in fueling China's inland growth.
With a combined population of 43 million, nearly the size of Spain's, and a
combined GDP of $550 billion, which would rank 20th in the world, China's two
flagship cities have often determined the economic fate of the rest of the
country. They are also prime examples of the challenges for megacities, such as
escalating house prices, traffic gridlock, extensive air and water pollution,
and overcrowding.

However, the megacities are no longer the only story. It is estimated that in
the coming decades China's urban population will grow by 250 million.
The accelerating rural-to-urban population migration will increasingly impact
China's secondary cities, those with populations between 1 and 10 million (some
135 cities in total). It is these cities that are expected to absorb much of the
country's growth in the coming years.                            The global
emergence of the inland secondary cities in China is a result of shifting
patterns of business investment, the lower costs of living, their healthier
environments and ambitious local leadership. Reforms to the household
registration system, such as those proposed by Chengdu, are also facilitating
rural to inland urban migration as benefits are extended to the families of
migrant workers.                                In September, Premier Li Keqiang
emphasized the importance of economic expansion in inland China, describing
these areas as the "biggest space" for development.
The majority of China's rapidly growing second-tier cities are in the central
and western provinces, and their proximity to large rural populations and low
land costs will drive growth, as workers seek industrial jobs closer to their
home regions.                                        This opportunity is already
recognized in the international business environment. For example, since 2005,
more than one-third of Changsha's foreign direct investment has come from
Western countries.                                            This growth is
partly the result of a new policy model. A common vision for urbanization is
growth driven by the consumption of the middle- and high-income groups. Rising
disposable incomes are expected to support domestic demand for locally
manufactured products. According to the World Bank, domestic consumption
accounted for only 36 percent of China's GDP in 2011. It accounted for 72
percent in the United States that year, 65 percent in the United Kingdom, and 59
percent in India. China's domestic markets have the potential to sustain the
economic growth of secondary cities, even if the global economy continues to
stagnate.                                                What makes secondary
cities different from primary cities? Aside from being smaller and having less
economic activity, second-tier cities represent unique opportunities. First,
they can learn from the mistakes of the congested, crowded and poorly planned
first-tier cities. These lessons include preserving historic buildings, planning
for congestion, creating green spaces to enhance the urban environment, and
maintaining clean air and water.
Second, they have greater flexibility to seize potential economic opportunities:
They are closer to the untapped inland consumers and the inland labor markets,
and their land costs are significantly lower than megacities. They also have
more recently constructed infrastructure, which is better designed and more
up-to-date. Communications technology, commercial parks, institutional
structures, or enabling entrepreneurship, whatever it is, secondary cities are
often in the early planning stages and do not have to work around legacy
infrastructure and entrenched institutional and political systems. The inland
cities are now witnessing the relocation of heavy industries from coastal areas
and growth in the high-value technology sector.
However, such growth is not always rosy for secondary cities. In central areas
large real estate projects spring up where much-loved historical neighborhoods
once stood. At the suburban edges, a new wave of modern development is
encroaching on farmland and villages. And as property values rise in the
secondary cities, conversion of land into taxable residential and commercial
properties is a common way for local governments to raise revenue.
Also rapid city-level economic growth is not always sustainable. Cities
capturing fast growth at the margins of economic expansion risk losing it just
as quickly. For example, Yantian, once an agricultural town on the fringes of
the Pearl River Delta, experienced high growth from foreign industrial
investment throughout the 1990s. Today, however, fewer than half of its
manufacturing facilities are still operating. The faltering global economy,
rising wages, and a stronger renminbi (up 34 percent against the US dollar since
2005) drove many local manufacturers to bankruptcy.
Cities losing manufacturing can experience rapid population decline, which
weakens the consumer base. This is especially true for cities that fail to
address the pitfalls of the household registration system, as workers denied
social support services are increasingly transient.
China's secondary cities will also suffer a widening infrastructure deficit as
population growth - both native and migratory - strains existing systems.
Nearsighted urban planning strategies emphasizing speed over prudence have
exacerbated this problem.
The benefits of urban real estate development are uncertain. Some inland cities
are now experiencing an oversupply of housing. This undermines the strategy of
"building to grow." Additionally, some farmers have aggressively protested at
the seizure of agricultural land for commercial purposes when they were not been
paid the market prices.
Finally, an ageing workforce and slowing population growth rate are creating
economic headwinds in China, impacting not only secondary cities but all cities.
Indeed, the UN projects that China's labor force is expected to shrink by 67
million between 2010 and 2030. By 2030, China will have more elderly people than
the current population in the US.
Secondary cities must have diversified growth strategies and a sustainable
competitive position to survive inevitable economic slowdowns.
Economic growth will produce many job opportunities in China's inland cities, as
producers in the coastal megacities suffer lower productivity due to congestion
and higher labor and land costs.
However, wise planning can help to mitigate these inevitable impact of problems
in the inland cities. Decision-makers should start by heeding the lessons to be
learned from the development experiences of the country's megacities.
China's inland secondary cities have a roadmap to achieve this goal, but it will
require visionary leadership and comprehensive policies that address all
dimensions of urban society.
Asit K. Biswas is the distinguished visiting professor at the Lee Kuan Yew
School of Public Policy, Singapore, and co-founder of the Third World Centre for
Water Management. Kris Hartley is a doctoral student at the Lee Kuan Yew School
of Public Policy.
(China Daily 11/12/2013 page9)

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 15, 2001 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Investors realise there's money in DIRT;
BUSINESS - INVESTMENT

BYLINE: ADRIAN ROLLINS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 493 words


Operating from modest offices in the western Victorian town of Horsham, DIRT
Management is a standard bearer in the mounting campaign to draw investor
interest and money to rural and regional Australia.

As one of the few dedicated agricultural investment managers in the nation, DIRT
is better acquainted than most with the opportunities for investment in rural
areas, and the barriers that have prevented much of Australia's $500 billion in
superannuation savings reaching the bush.

The frustration of DIRT's managing director Frank Delahunty is obvious when he
talks of the difficulty coaxing investors, including superannuation funds, to
look beyond city boundaries.

"The problem is that super funds don't understand agriculture, we have to
educate them," he said. "And every time there's a story saying the country is
stuffed, it makes the job harder."

But despite the difficulties, DIRT is making headway. It is manager of the
Warakirri Agricultural Trusts, which have as their unit-holders the Retail
Employees Superannuation Trust and the Australian Retirement Fund.

Mr Delahunty said the Warakirri Trusts, formed to invest in dryland cropping,
owned 33,000 hectares of farmland worth $60 million in western Victoria,
southern New South Wales and southern Queensland.

He said DIRT wanted to increase the diversity of the farms under its management,
and was aiming to deliver returns of 10 per cent on investment.

Economist Greg Walsh, who has prepared a report on encouraging investment in
regional Australia, said the "innovative" work of DIRT showed that it was
possible to attract super-fund investment outside city boundaries.

Dr Walsh, who was commissioned by a consortium of nine rural Victorian councils
to prepare an Australian Regional Investment Plan, said an unintended
consequence of the move to compulsory superannuation had been to drag investment
funds out of country areas.

His report included a finding that country Victorians contributed more than $1
billion a year to superannuation funds, with little of that money being returned
as investments to their communities.

Dr Walsh said until the advent of compulsory superannuation a substantial
proportion of this money was being invested in local enterprises but a lack of
suitable investment vehicles, combined with the massive amounts of money being
dealt with ($200 million often considered a minimum investment), meant these
savings were not finding their way back to rural and regional areas.

In his report, Dr Walsh suggested local bonds, issued by councils and
authorities such as water boards, as an avenue for investment. He said such
bonds, common in the United States and Europe, should be given tax advantages
similar to those provided to property trusts and would operate under the
supervision of the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.

Dr Walsh said such bonds would be an investment avenue for super funds and the
many small investors living in regional and rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2001 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Counties failing to reap what the Government sows

BYLINE: JONATHAN WALKER

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 831 words


RURAL councils are in danger of being neglected as the Government lavishes
attention and funding on the big cities, according to the authorities
themselves.

Attention has tended to focus on the impact of funding cuts in cities such as
Birmingham, which recently announced it was cutting another 1,000 jobs - taking
its total workforce to 14,000 from 21,000 in just four years.

But it's also been the cities and major towns that have received funding from
schemes such as "city deals", which involve central government giving councils
cash or (more often) permission to borrow money, in return for a guarantee that
the funds will be used to help the economy grow.

Rural areas, meanwhile, feel neglected.

And although it's a touchy subject, they are also hoping that the Government
will finally give them what they would see as a fair deal in relation to the
cites - which have traditionally been much better funded.

Cities and urban conurbations have suffered bigger cuts but they also got more
money from Government in the first place.

They would say that they need it, and perhaps they're right but neighbouring
rural authorities point out that they actually deal with many of the same
issues, such as unemployment and deprivation.

The county councils have set out their complaints in a submission to the Commons
Local Government Committee written by the County Councils Network, which
represents Hererfordshire, Shropshire, Staffordshire, Warwickshire and
Worcestershire councils among others.

The committee is looking at "fiscal devolution" - the ways in which local
authorities can be given far more control over their own finances.

But county councils complain that the Government assumes that only major cities
and urban areas - called "city regions" in the fashionable jargon - are capable
of managing their own affairs.

In their submission to the inquiry, the County Councils warn: "County Councils
Network (CNN) member councils believe fiscal devolution is essential to reviving
the national economy and are committed to supporting the recovery.

"However, CNN believe that there is further scope for fiscal devolution in
England, particularly in areas not already benefiting from government policy."

Failing to give the counties a fair shake will mean that parts of the country
miss out as the economy starts to grow again, the counties warn. And it
reinforces an unfairness that already exists, according to the authorities.

"Cities already enjoy greater effective freedoms, flexibilities, growth
incentives and localised Whitehall budgets than their ounty peers. Extending
further powers and funding to cities while excluding counties from the process
could exaggerate this situation to the extent of defining access to
decision-making power by where a voter lives, ignoring local needs and growth
potential."

Country councils were also at pains to stress that they are dealing with issues
of poverty and the challenge of meeting the needs of an aging population, just
like the cities.

The counties called for a range of measures, including: ? Enterprise zones to
promote business investment. These are typically areas with relaxed planning
restrictions and tax breaks for new firms ? Allowing councils to keep a portion
of additional tax revenue from economic growth in their area ? Allowing councils
to borrow against future tax revenues to pay for schemes to promote economic
development, a scheme known as Tax Increment Financing.

Giving local authorities more control over skills programmes and schemes
designed to help people into work ? Allowing councils to borrow money by issuing
municipal bonds.

Some of these things taking place, but mainly in cities, the counties said.

They complained: "Fiscal devolution has been narrowly focused on the core cities
and city regions.

"Whilst this is not a zero-sum game between cities and counties on who is better
placed to implement fiscal devolution, there continues to be an uncritical
acceptance of the view that groups of authorities serving large urban areas are
more suited to devolution than counties. The County Councils Network strongly
dispute this."

There is no good reason to stop counties taking control over their own affairs -
which would allow councils to play a much bigger role creating jobs, according
to the CCN.

Adrian Hardman, leader of Worcestershire County Council said: "Any devolution of
powers to some areas but not others may create inequalities and disadvantage the
residents of those areas. "If these powers were to be extended to authorities
like Worcestershire then our residents could be part of any diverse economic
recovery and enjoy the benefits of economic growth and not be disadvantaged
because of where they live."

Cities have their own complaints about the gap between government promises of
devolution and the reality.

But the counties have a point. When devolution does happen, they're rarely the
ones to benefit from it.

County councils complain the Government assumes only cities can manage their own
affairs

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rural areas feel neglected as more central government cash goes to the
big cities and urban areas

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMP


               Copyright 2014 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Evening Telegraph

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Broadband areas left out in the cold

LENGTH: 558  words


Thousands of homes in the

district excluded from

access to superfast broadband are campaigning to get their parishes hooked up.

Last week, Leicestershire County Council announced the first 10,000 premises to
get superfast fibre broadband as part of its £18.6million Superfast
Leicestershire project being delivered by BT.

But an estimated 3,800 properties in south-east Leicestershire are being left
out of County Hall's plans because the local authority says  it is too expensive
to reach these rural areas. These omitted parishes have joined forces to create
the Welland Valley Broadband Group.

Villagers say they are experiencing agonisingly slow internet speeds which takes
a particularly hard toll on small businesses and children trying to complete
homework.

Average download speeds are about 3Mbps, but for many residents they are as low
as 0.5Mbps and speeds vary markedly according to the time of the day and even
the weather.

The Welland Valley group's aim is to establish as large a group of people as
possible to lobby the powers-that-be for action. In particular, it wants
Leicestershire County Council to recognise that the effectively monopoly status
enjoyed by BT will not deliver a superfast service to their area.

Northamptonshire County Council appears to have recognised this and is looking
to third parties, and many other councils across the country have recognised
where BT cannot deliver and are providing alternative solutions.

Martin Griffin, chairman of the group, said: "Trying to run a business in
Horninghold from home with current broadband speeds is impossible.
Leicestershire County Council has informed us we can expect some improvement in
2016 - a two-year delay at best is unacceptable.

"As councils now compete for business investment and increased jobs, the
situation in rural Harborough is bleak as jobs and investment will be exported
to other areas offering very high-speed broadband."

Sian To, who lives in Slawston and runs her business from home, said: "It's not
good enough that residents find through a web search that their area is not in
rollout plans or that provision is subject to extra funding.

"It is causing unnecessary stress and not at all helpful or encouraging for
those who work from home."

Pam Posnett, the Leicestershire County Council cabinet member for broadband,
said: "Due to the challenges of bringing [fibre] technology to rural areas and
limited funding, there are some communities that are outside of our  rollout
plan.

"We expect to be able to extend the fibre broadband network to Hallaton and
Medbourne as a starting point and we are working hard to secure additional
investment through the Government's Superfast Extension Programme and the
Leicestershire Enterprise Partnership to ensure we can increase coverage.

"We will be meeting the Welland Valley Broadband Group next week to discuss the
deployment and potential solutions available."

A spokesman for Harborough Council, which put £500,000 into the scheme,  said it
will be meeting with the group next week.

A Northamptonshire County Council spokesman said: "The Superfast
Northamptonshire project is helping to secure broadband solutions in those parts
of the county where there are no commercial plans; these are the areas which
would not get superfast broadband unless public sector funding is invested to
help deliver it."

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MKET


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               September 04, 2013

Institute Trains 600 Youths, Women On Livestock

BYLINE: Isa SA'idu

LENGTH: 206 words

DATELINE: Zaria


The National Animal Production Research Institute (NAPRI), Shika, Zaria,
yesterday commenced training of 600 youths and women in the production of
poultry and beep-cattle.

The programme was organized by the Millennium Development Goals' (MDGs') Youth
and Women in Agric Business Investment in collaboration with the Federal
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development with NAPRI as the institute
saddled with training.

The Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, said his ministry is doing
its best to encourage youths of the country to go into farming.

Adesina, who was represented by Alhaji Shehu Gusau, Director, Monitoring and
Evaluation in the ministry, said the training programme is part of the ministry
efforts at empowering youths and women.

Vice Chancellor of the Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria, Professor Abdullahi
Mustapha, represented by Professor Joshua Adebayo, Dean, Postgraduate School,
urged the participants to utilize the opportunity that the training provides, as
that could offer them a means of livelihood.

Earlier, Executive Director of NAPRI, Professor Jerome Gefu, said the institute
can spearhead the transformation of the agricultural sector, especially in the
area of animal and poultry production.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      May 24, 2000 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

BIPARTISAN GROUP UNVEILS ANTI-POVERTY PLAN;
A NEW BILL IS DESIGNED TO PROMPT BUSINESS INVESTMENT IN POOR AREAS LEFT BEHIND
IN THE NATION'S UNPRECEDENTED ECONOMIC BOOM

BYLINE: Naftali Bendavid

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 672 words


WASHINGTON President Clinton and House Speaker Dennis Hastert, leading a
bipartisan group of House members, Tuesday announced an anti-poverty program
designed to prompt investment in poor areas left behind in the nation's
unprecedented economic boom.

Unlike the traditional anti-poverty programs of the 1960s, which in many cases
emphasized direct government spending, the new bill would use tax breaks,
low-cost loans and other incentives to spur private businesses to spend money in
neglected inner cities and remote rural areas.

"Today our economy is the strongest it has ever been, but there are places that
have still not been touched by our prosperity," Clinton said in announcing the
plan.

"We know we must do more to get private sector firms to step up to their
responsibility to create jobs and opportunity."

Clinton was joined in the White House's Roosevelt Room by Hastert, R-Ill., and a
dozen lawmakers from both parties who lavished praise on one another, an unusual
sight in Washington, especially in an election year.

"Many times there are good ideas out there, and it might be on one side of the
aisle, it might be on the other side of the aisle," Hastert said. "If we can put
our ideas together, and the best ideas together, I think we can create a better
America."

A year ago Clinton began touring poor areas from Appalachia to the Mississippi
Delta to East-Central Los Angeles, seeking ways to bring prosperity to those
left behind.

Meanwhile, a group of House Republicans, led by Reps. James Talent, R-Mo., and
J.C. Watts, R-Okla., was working on a bill to do the same thing.

At a meeting in November, Clinton and Hastert agreed to merge the efforts. "The
leaders you see here today could have said, We've got an idea. They've got an
idea. Let's fight,'" Clinton said. "But instead, they took a different course
and it led us to common ground, and, I would argue, higher ground."

The bill unveiled Tuesday would not have been recognized as an anti-poverty
program by President Franklin Roosevelt or by the next generation of
poverty-fighters, such as Robert Kennedy and President Lyndon Johnson.

It focuses almost entirely on prodding businesses investment rather than on
government spending the main reason it has drawn Republican support.

The bill, for example, would provide tax breaks, low-interest loans and venture
capital for those who invest in companies and stores in poor areas.

It would increase the number of "empowerment zones" and "renewal communities,"
which carry special tax breaks for firms operating in them.

One provision, particularly favored by Republicans, would allow religious
organizations to receive federal money for drug-fighting programs.

"This is not only the most comprehensive anti-poverty package coming out of the
federal government in a generation, but it also, I think, has assimilated the
lessons that people on both sides of the aisle have learned over the last
generation," Talent said.

"You don't fix problems by forcing solutions on people through big-government,
bureaucratic policy."

Hastert, citing an African trade bill that just took effect and the China trade
bill up for a House vote today, said the least U.S. leaders can do is help
Americans as much as they help those overseas.

"I think we'd be remiss, now that we can accomplish a lot of things that help
people abroad, if we can't do something extra to help folks at home," Hastert
said.

While the bill is likely to sail through the House with such high-powered
support, its fate in the Senate is less certain.

Clinton said he called Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss., and Minority
Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D., on Tuesday to ask for help and was optimistic about
the bill's chances.

At least some anti-poverty activists were pleased with the proposal. Wade
Henderson, executive director of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, said
it is unlikely to supplant more conventional poverty-fighting programs. "We're
very happy with it," said Henderson.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chicago Tribune

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday

New Brunswick's dismal GDP

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 392 words


The New Brunswick economy laid a big goose egg in 2011, at least according to
finalized real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rates for Canadian provinces
released by Statistics Canada earlier this week. The province recorded zero
growth for the year, the poorest record among all Canadian provinces. This flat
statistic should serve as a wake-up call for New Brunswick's entire political
and business class.

Given that our economy has struggled since the 2008 economic crisis began, the
latest numbers aren't a complete surprise. A collapse in the number of
construction permits, a provincial unemployment rate in the double digits, and
the return of youth out-migration are all data sets that suggest all is not well
in New Brunswick. But the GDP number looks especially grim when the province is
compared to its peers; neighbouring Prince Edward Island produced a respectable
growth rate of three per cent, while provinces open and willing to develop their
natural resources have seen their GDP grow by an impressive margin. Alberta saw
its GDP grow by 5.1 per cent in 2011, while Saskatchewan enjoyed GDP growth of
4.9 per cent.

Another concerning trend within the GDP data is the utter collapse of business
investment in New Brunswick. Business investment in the province declined for
the third straight year, while a rebound in business investment in the rest of
Canada fueled higher national GDP growth. Our province can't grow again until
its private sector is given an opportunity to thrive - and three years of data
suggests that local business prospects are steadily diminishing.

While the government of New Brunswick can't by itself turn the GDP numbers
around - our province has a massive deficit, after all - it can show real
leadership, by creating the right climate for economic growth. Newly-formed
organizations, like InvestNB, must now start to produce results like never
before, and the province must better cultivate the immense economic potential of
its urban areas. It also needs to develop a strategy for resource extraction
that does not pit rural neighbor against neighbor, or scare away outside
investment. Resource development, properly regulated, can produce immense
economic dividends - for evidence of this, just look at those provinces who
placed well ahead of New Brunswick in GDP growth. We need to close this economic
gap.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             May 12, 1999 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Investment slide more like a blip;
THE BUDGET

BYLINE: LEONIE WOOD and JANELLE CARRIGAN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 471 words


Business investment is expected to shrink next year, the first retreat in six
years, amid nervousness over commodity prices and a muted outlook for earnings
in the mining sector.

But the Federal Government's Budget forecasts reveal a far more optimistic view
on investment than indicated in the Australian Bureau of Statistics' quarterly
survey on business investment plans.

While the Budget this year offered little in the way of specific initiatives for
business, the assumption is business will benefit from the proposed broad tax
reform and most likely from recommendations from the Review of Business
Taxation, which is chaired by Mr John Ralph.

In the short term, the Budget holds the line on business policies, at least
until the Ralph committee reports in late June.

There is an additional $70 million over five years - mostly to be funded from
the proposed sale of more of the Government's 66 per cent stake in Telstra - to
set up 500 rural and regional transaction centres, with banking, postal,
Medicare, phone and

fax facilities.

As well, the Government has committed $7 million over two years to promote
Australia as a financial hub in the Asia-Pacific region.

The Prime Minister, Mr John Howard, will detail next week how the money will be
spent to meet his ambition of bringing Australia into the global financial
network.

Employment growth is expected to ease, while slightly weaker domestic demand -
albeit strong in world terms - is likely to hold imports in check.

On the world stage, risks to economic growth include the ability of South-East
Asian economies to shrug off recessions and the "considerable uncertainty" over
where Japan may be headed. Mitigating this is apparently unstoppable growth in
the United States.

Locally, employment is forecast to continue growing strongly in the December
half, but ease as the economic growth pulls back in early 2000. While the ABS
survey suggests a downturn in double-digit percentage terms, the Government
anticipates that business investment will ease by just 1 per cent in 1999-2000,
and a further 1 per cent in 2000-01.

The easing compares with growth of above 10 per cent in each year since 1994-95,
and an expectation that business investment by the close of the current
financial year will be about 10 per cent ahead of last year.

One of the key factors is the relatively slow rate of world growth, which is
having "a significant impact" on some areas of business investment in Australia.

"Some firms have responded to the uncertainty surrounding the international
outlook and low world commodity prices by deferring investment plans until the
outlook becomes clearer," the Government said, noting that the trend was most
apparent in the

mining sector.

Partly countering the caution among the miners is continued strong spending by
the manufacturing and services sectors.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John Ralph: Review expected in June.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1999 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS



             The Richmond River Express Examiner (New South Wales)

                                  July 1, 2009

Bonalbo telling the world

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 147  words


BONALBO is one of 17 small rural communities to receive State Government funding
to promote itself on the worldwide web.

The grants of up to $5000 were awarded in the first round of the State
Government's Building the Country program.

NSW Minister for Regional Development Phil Costa said the communities would use
the money to develop individual websites to showcase their attractions, and
tourist and business investment opportunities."

"Small towns are the economic and cultural backbone of country NSW," Mr Costa
said.

"Smaller towns and villages can struggle to distribute their tourist and
business information among the wide range of marketing collateral produced by
larger centres.

"These communities are often quite close to a larger centre and have features
which would attract visitors and tourists, but they need to be able to reach an
audience in the most cost-effective way."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LRR


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Unincorporated Business Entities; Effective Date

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

Action

Final Rule; Notice Of Effective Date.
Summary

The Farm Credit Administration adopted a final rule to establish a regulatory
framework for Farm Credit System institutions' use of unincorporated business
entities organized under State law for certain business activities. In
accordance with the law, the effective date of the final rule is 30 days from
the date of publication in the Federal Register during which either or both
Houses of Congress are in session.
Unified Agenda
Organization; Limited Liability Subsidiaries of FCS Institutions

1 action from February 2012

February 2012
        NPRM


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Under the authority of 12 U.S.C. 2252, the regulation amending 12 CFR parts 604,
611, 612, 619, 620, 621, 622, 623, and 630 published on May 28, 2013 (78 FR
31822) is effective July 22, 2013.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Elna Luopa, Policy Analyst, Office of Regulatory Policy, Farm Credit
Administration, McLean, VA 22102-5090, (703) 883-4414, TTY (703) 883-4056;

or

Wendy Laguarda, Assistant General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Farm
Credit Administration, McLean, Virginia 22102-5090, (703) 883-4020, TTY (703)
883-4056.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

The Farm Credit Administration adopted a final rule to establish a regulatory
framework for Farm Credit System (System) institutions' use of unincorporated
business entities (UBEs) organized under State law for certain business
activities. A UBE includes limited partnerships (LPs), limited liability
partnerships (LLPs), limited liability limited partnerships (LLLPs), limited
liability companies (LLCs), and any other unincorporated business entities, such
as unincorporated business trusts, organized under State law. The final rule
does not apply to UBEs that one or more System institutions may establish as
Rural Business Investment Companies (RBICs) pursuant to the institutions'
authority under the provisions of title VI of the Farm Security and Rural
Investment Act of 2002, as amended (FSRIA), and United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) regulations implementing FSRIA. This rule does apply,
however, to System institutions that organize UBEs for the express purpose of
investing in RBICs. In accordance with 12 U.S.C. 2252, the effective date of the
final rule is 30 days from the date of publication in the Federal Register
during which either or both Houses of Congress are in session. Based on the
records of the sessions of Congress, the effective date of the regulations is
July 22, 2013.

(12 U.S.C. 2252(a)(9) and (10))

Dated: July 23, 2013.

Dale L. Aultman,

Secretary, Farm Credit Administration Board.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                                 September 2010

AGRF to Transform Africa's Agriculture

BYLINE: Joseph Olanyo

LENGTH: 663  words

DATELINE: Kampala, Uganda


A series of outcomes from the inaugural African Green Revolution Forum (AGRF)
has moved a united Africa forward in the quest to transform agriculture and
tackle food security.

Closing the just concluded forum in Accra, Ghana, last week, AGRF Chair, Kofi
Annan, praised the efforts of public and private institutions, development
organisations, the donor community and farmers, to accelerate the green
revolution in Africa. "Today we move forward, strongly united and passionately
committed to the concrete actions that we have jointly developed," said Mr
Annan.

AGRF Executive Co-Producer, Akin Adesina, said the meetings kick-started a new
phase in the African green revolution:

"We have brought together in Accra great minds and strong spirits who, even as
they depart in different directions, will stay bound by the common purpose and
firm outcomes we have agreed on here." The AGRF agreed to pool efforts and
resources to scale up breadbasket project plans and investment blueprints for
agricultural growth corridors.

Ghanaian Minister for Agriculture, Kwasi Ahwoi, invited new partners to join the
Ghana breadbasket initiative. The Prime Minister of Tanzania,Mr Mizengo Pinda,
agreed to finalise a blueprint for the Tanzania Southern Corridor by January
2011. In a communiqué issued to delegates, the moderators of breakout panel
sessions published a series of concrete outcomes of the AGRF.

These included: empowerment of women throughout the agricultural chain by
accelerating access to improved technology, finance and markets, backing for the
Impact Investment Fund for African Agriculture to scale up access to finance by
farmers and agri-businesses, investment for science, technology and research for
food nutrition security.

Others were accelerated access to improved seed by promoting the entire value
chain, including support for plant breeding, seed companies and seed
distribution systems, improved fertilizer supply systems and more efficient
fertilizer value chains, more inclusive business models linking agri-business,
commercial farms and smallholder farmers, better water management and mixed crop
livestock systems

To ensure progress is made on the firm commitments, the AGRF issued to delegates
a detailed plan of action. Government and development groups including the
African Union and AGRA will conduct peer review assessments to ensure various
science and technology inventions and innovations are implemented as soon as
possible.

"I am delighted to see that we have agreed monitoring mechanisms on the
actions," said Jorgen Ole Haslestad, CEO of Yara, strategic partner of the AGRF.

Agri-business companies Yara and Syngenta said at the AGRF, are working towards
a new land use initiative to create a fact-based dialogue and to better
understand the interaction of agriculture and climate change. The forum assured
those implementing new commitments that they will not lack resources:

"We pledge ourselves to work with all other key partners to ensure that capacity
is not a limiting factor in the green revolution," said Namanga Ngongi,
President of the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa (AGRA), the
organisation that founded the AGRF alongside Yara.

Mr Annan thanked the government leaders, including H.E. Mizengo Pinda, H.E.
Olusegun Obasanjo, former President of Nigeria, and the Hon. John Dramani
Mahama, Vice President of Ghana, who had taken part in the AGRF.

"These gracious, impassioned leaders threw their political weight behind this
shining moment of transformation for Africa," said Mr Annan. And he urged
governments and parliamentarians to help eradicate poverty and realise the dream
of a green revolution.

"The time for action is now. For as you leave this forum, you are carrying upon
your shoulders the vibrant hopes of a generation and a continent. We will not
dash the dream of the African farmer," said Mr Annan. "With our hands on the
plough, we will till this beautiful land's soil together, and help Africa reap a
bountiful harvest."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 3, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

TODAY IN CONGRESS

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A10

LENGTH: 571 words


SENATE

Meets at 8:45 a.m.

Committees:

Armed Services -- 2:30 p.m. U.S. government facilitation of private business
investment in former Soviet Union. 222 Russell Office Bldg.

Budget -- 10 a.m. President's economic plan. Transportation Sec. Federico Pen

a. 608 Dirksen Office Bldg.

Energy & Natural Resources -- 9:30 a.m. Mark up Petroleum Marketing Practices
Act; Stock Raising Homestead Act; & several pending public land & rivers bills.
366 DOB.

Labor & Human Resources -- 1:30 p.m. Employment & productivity subc. Career
Pathways Act of '93. 430 DOB.

Rules & Administration -- 9:30 a.m. Congressional election campaign finance
reform proposals. 301 ROB.


HOUSE

Meets at noon.

Committees:

Appropriations -- 9:30 a.m. Agriculture, rural development, FDA & related
agencies subc. Federal Crop Insurance Corp. 2362 Rayburn House Office Bldg.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m. Interior & related agencies subc. National Gallery of
Art. B-308 RHOB.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m. Labor-HHS-Education subc. Programs under its
jurisdiction. 2358 RHOB.

Appropriations -- 10 a.m./2 p.m. Treasury-Postal Service-general government
subc. FY '94 approps. for U.S. Customs Service at 10 a.m. & U.S. Secret Service
at 2 p.m. H-163 Capitol.

Armed Services -- 10 a.m. Use of force & role of U.S. military in post-Cold War
era. 2118 RHOB.

Banking, Finance & Urban Affairs -- 11:15 a.m. Housing & community development
subc. Rural housing programs. Agriculture Sec. Mike Espy. 2128 RHOB.

Budget -- 10:30 a.m./2 p.m. President's FY '94 budget proposals. HHS Sec. Donna
Shalala, Dept. of Veterans Affairs Sec. Jesse Brown. 210 Cannon House Office
Bldg.

Energy & Commerce -- 9:45 a.m. Health & the environment subc. Lead poisoning
during bridge renovation & other construction activities. 2325 RHOB.

Energy & Commerce -- 10 a.m. Commerce, consumer protection & competitiveness
subc. Insurance redlining & urban development. 2322 RHOB.

Energy & Commerce -- 10 a.m. Oversight & investigations subc. Nuclear Regulatory
Commission's efforts relating to nuclear power plant safety in the event of
fire. 2123 RHOB.

Foreign Affairs -- 9:30 a.m. Environmental issues in U.S. foreign policy. 2172
RHOB.

Foreign Affairs -- 2 p.m. Western Hemisphere affairs subc. Prospects for peace
in Guatemala. 2200 RHOB.

House Administration -- 2 p.m. Office systems subc. Pending business. H-328 Cap.

Judiciary -- 9:30 a.m. Administrative law & governmental relations subc.
Independent Counsel Reauth. Act of '93. 2226 RHOB.

Judiciary -- 9:30 a.m. Civil & constitutional rights subc. Environmental
justice. 2237 RHOB.

Judiciary -- 10 a.m. Intellectual property & judicial administration subc.
Copyright Reform Act of '93. 2247 RHOB.

Merchant Marine & Fisheries -- 10 a.m. Coast Guard & navigation subc. Passenger
Vessel Safety Act of '92. 1334 Longworth House Office Bldg.

Merchant Marine & Fisheries -- 2 p.m. Fisheries management subc. Reauth. of
Magnuson Fishery Conservation & Management Act of '76. 1334 LHOB.

Post Office & Civil Service -- 4 p.m. Compensation & employee benefits subc.
Impact of president's economic proposals on federal civilian work force. First
floor, main auditorium, Labor Dept.

Science, Space & Technology -- 9:30 a.m. Science subc. Mission of National
Science Foundation. 2318 RHOB.

Veterans' Affairs -- 9 a.m. Hospitals & health care subc. Major Dept. of
Veterans' Affairs construction projects. 334 CHOB.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: SCHEDULE

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                January 7, 2003

Airline calls for better travel links

BYLINE: Nathan Pynn

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 556 words


A Westcountry airline company has launched a campaign to improve air travel
links to the region in a bid to attract more business investment. Exeter-based
airline, FlyBE, is contributing to the Government's White Paper on the Future of
Aviation which will be published later this year.

In a bid to improve the travel links to the Westcountry and safeguard existing
landing slots at the major airports, FlyBE is calling on the Government to
change the existing rules which gives the company running the airline the power
to cut flights to certain areas.

Jim French, managing director of FlyBE, said millions of pounds for the region's
economy was at stake.

"We propose that every regional airport throughout the UK be allocated a minimum
of three daily rotations each weekday and one on Saturday and Sunday. These
slots should be retained as the property of the region and not the airline." He
added that this would enable the Westcountry to improve its travel links to the
bigger cities both inside and outside the country.

"If Great Britain is to bring about economic prosperity to the regions and shift
the imbalance from the South East, it must achieve an environment whereby inward
investment is attracted to the regions." He added that airline companies which
"have not in the past abandoned regional services for more lucrative
international slots" should be given priority over any new slots.

At the moment the only links from the Westcountry to London are from Plymouth to
Gatwick and from Newquay to Stansted.

Paul Tyler, Lib-Dem MP for North Cornwall, said he was concerned at retaining
existing slots at the major airports.

"It would be great if we could get more slots on the new runway but that will
take years to build. I would like to see the links which are already in place
ring-fenced to ensure that they can never be cut." He added that it was "wrong"
that airline companies had the power to decide the fate of sparsely populated
rural areas like Devon and Cornwall.

"There must be greater equality between the regions to encourage more inward
investment." David Jamieson, Transport Minister and MP for Plymouth Devonport,
said there were no plans to cut flights to the Westcountry.

"British Airways which runs the flights is happy with the route to London and
the Westcountry. It is making money and there are no plans to cut them. FlyBE's
ideas are interesting and they will be put into the melting pot for discussion."
He added that there were many legal obstacles to overcome before the White Paper
can be published.

"One of the things our legal people are looking at is who has ownership over the
slots. We don't want to be in a position that the airline companies can sue us.
There are other things we can do to safeguard the routes to rural areas."
Because of pressure on space, the Government has approved plans to build a short
2,000 metre long runway at Heathrow.

Sara Randall Johnson, general manager for market development for FlyBE, said
they wanted to see this new runway used by airlines servicing "sparsely
populated" areas.

"In order to attract business investment to the Westcountry, we want to see the
Government rule that the region will have the same rights to slots at major
airports like Heathrow." npynn@westernmorningnews.co.uk Caption:

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2003 Western Morning News


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            December 22, 2006 Friday
                                 First Edition

Costello's tricky balancing act

BYLINE: David Bassanese

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 686 words


Lower interest rates make more sense than tax cuts, writes David Bassanese.

Treasurer Peter Costello could face a delicate choice in the new year: lavish
the nation with tax cuts, or leave room for the Reserve Bank of Australia to
ease interest rates.

As reflected in this past week's midyear economic and fiscal outlook, the case
for a rate cut next year is building - but it could be blown out of the water by
a pre-election fistful of dollars instead.

The midyear review portrays an economy that's seen its best years. Although the
drought is expected to slash growth by three-quarters of 1 per cent, other
drivers of the economy - such as business investment - have also slowed.
Consumer spending and the housing sector displayed a flicker of strength earlier
this year, but have since retreated.

High petrol prices, high interest rates and lower interest from buyers in the
housing sector have taken their toll.

All up, private spending this financial year is expected to grow by only 2.5 per
cent - down from a budget-time forecast of 3.75 per cent, and growth last
financial year of 4.3 per cent. Stronger resource exports and inventory
restocking will allow non-farm gross domestic product to rise by a reasonable 3
per cent, though even Treasury admits that risks are "weighted to the downside".

While there are big hopes for a rural-led bounce in the economy in 2007-08, this
ominously relies on a "return to average seasonal conditions". In these days of
climate change, it's not quite clear what "average" means any more.

There's also a risk that business investment intentions could weaken further in
the face of softer domestic conditions, or housing takes longer to bounce back
than expected. A correction in employment growth could also stymie consumer
spending.

Some slowdown in the economy was expected. The RBA has been concerned about
rising inflation and "capacity constraints" as reflected in today's low level of
unemployment. Annual growth in the RBA's preferred measures of underlying
inflation has lifted over the past year, from about 2.5 to 3 per cent.
Accordingly, the RBA began raising interest rates earlier than most central
banks in 2002. And it lifted rates three times last year, to 6.25 per cent.

That looks to be doing its job, and the balance of risks may well shift next
year. Inflation should ease while the economy chugs along at a below-trend pace.

Why should inflation fall? While debate has focused on "capacity constraints" as
a source of inflationary pressures, most price pressures have stemmed from two
factors: rising oil prices, and poor agricultural conditions.

Overall labour costs growth has remained contained - as might be expected given
intense competition in global product markets.

Petrol and food are pervasive production inputs into a variety of goods and
services. History shows major changes in petrol or food prices tend to be
associated with trends in underlying inflation. So it's no surprise underlying
inflation has risen recently.

But the good news is that these pressures could ease next year. A softening in
global economic growth and a lift in supply has lowered oil prices over the past
six months. And the devastating effects of Cyclone Larry on fruit and vegetable
prices is also waning, though the drought will push up grain and meat prices.

Globally, there are signs of waning inflation pressure, and some economists
reckon the US Federal Reserve could cut interest rates early next year.

Local underlying inflation should remain at about 3 per cent in the
December-quarter CPI. But by the March-quarter results, due in late April,
underlying inflation may well retreat back to 2.75 per cent or so. If so, that
could open the door for a rate cut in May.

From a macro-economic perspective, tighter fiscal policy and easier monetary
policy would make the most sense. By holding back on tax cuts and allowing the
RBA to lower rates, it could help take upward pressure off the $A. It could also
help underwrite a rebound in the housing sector.

While tax cuts are alluring to a politician, a pre-election interest rate cut
might be an even more tantalising prospect.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE GRAPHS: STATE OF THE ECONOMY Underlying inflation 94-06; GDP
growth 02-06; Cash rate 90-06 Source: ABS, RBA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                           October 25, 2006 Wednesday

Katherine's returns are heading north

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 105

LENGTH: 358  words


THE Katherine real estate trend has swung upward during the past 12 months,
showing a confidence in business and investment that has invigorated the town.

The two main drivers that have sent property prices north are:

* Confidence in Katherine's major industries, and;

* An enviable yield returned to investors on both houses and units.

GBS Gold has recently acquired and reactivated gold mines in the region.

The company's management is based at Katherine and it has committed to source
employees locally.

The tourism industry, which is the foundation of Katherine's economic base, is
set to grow with the launch last month of a new commercial development plan for
Nitmiluk National Park by the Northern Territory Government.

The plan is a stepping stone to grow the Katherine region's reputation as a
world-class, nature-based tourism destination.

The commercial development plan speculates that Nitmiluk National Park will show
a steady increase in visitation, both domestic and international, during the
next 10 years.

Any associated tourism investments, such as the Kumbidgee Tea Rooms, which is
set on prime bushland enroute to the gorge, suddenly becomes a timely investment
opportunity.

The Tindal Airforce base is a major economic driver for the town, with about 350
RAAF-associated residents living and working in the town.

Real estate investment in Katherine has attracted the attention of southern
buyers looking for positive returns.

Based on Real Estate Institute of the NT figures for the last quarter, an
average three-bedroom house in town is returning 6.6 per cent, with a vacancy
rate of 6.8 per cent, while units are yielding 6.7 per cent, with a vacancy rate
as low as 3.8 per cent.

This makes vacant land, which is in very short supply, extremely attractive to
property developers looking to build units.

Capital growth has also seen a steady climb upwards.

For more information about Katherine real estate trends and opportunities, call
Bernie Brosnan (rural and commercial property specialist) or Sue Brosnan
(residential and semi rural property specialist) at Ray White Rural Katherine on
8972 7055.

-- Copy supplied by Ray White

Rural Katherine

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             May 10, 2000 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Labor derides document as tax-cut fraud;
THE BUDGET 2000 - REACTION

BYLINE: BRENDAN NICHOLSON

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 406 words


The budget was the biggest tax-cuts fraud in history, the Opposition said last
night.

Labor's Treasury spokesman Simon Crean said the $2.8 million surplus was phoney.
"It becomes a $2.1 billion deficit as soon as all the budget fiddles are
removed," he said.

Mr Crean said families would lose the benefit of the tax cuts within one year.
After two years, taxpayers would be paying around $600 more per year in income
tax than they were now and they would also be paying the GST.

Mr Crean said Mr Costello should not be allowed to get away with using the
spectrum sale to prop up a budget bottom line.

The Treasurer had always argued that the proceeds of asset sales should not be
used to patch up a budget. "A business could not get away with it, but Peter
Costello thinks he should be allowed to," Mr Crean said.

The federal National Party president, Helen Dickie, said the budget was the best
the Coalition had ever delivered to rural Australia. "They really have listened
to the needs of rural people and they have decided to do something about it,"
she said.

Opposition leader Kim Beazley said the budget would hit families three ways,
with higher taxes, higher prices and higher interest rates.

"It is astonishing that the government, after years of economic growth, could
not manage to get a real budget surplus. In fact, they have driven the budget
into what is really a $2.1 million deficit."

Democrats leader Meg Lees also denounced the government's "phoney device" of
including the spectrum sale in the budget, which was at best precariously
balanced.

"It's based on rather heroic assumptions that, if realised, would be great for
Australia," Mrs Lees said. "But these assumptions run a real risk of not being
realised given the economic uncertainty."Mrs Lees said she welcomed Mr
Costello's forecast that unemployment would fall to 6.25 per cent by next June.
But she doubted that it could be achieved. Unless the key forecasts for
unemployment, economic growth, business investment and household consumption
were achieved, the budget would deliver a significant deficit with serious
ramifications for inflation and interest rates.

Mrs Lees said the rural health and youth allowance packages were among several
positive elements.

Senator Bob Brown of the Australian Greens said the budget cut core funding for
the environment by $10 million while an extra $128 million was to be spent on
the Collins Class submarines.

BUDGET 8: Full reaction

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2000 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Interest in NIRDP

LENGTH: 618  words


Last week the European Commission gave final approval to the last of the EU's
118 Rural Development Programmes (RDPs) which determine how [#x20ac]99.6bn of
Pillar 2 money will be spent throughout Europe.

Over the last couple of years the UFU have undertaken comprehensive internal
consultation on the shape of the next Rural Development Programme and how it
should benefit local farmers and rural communities in the coming years.  This
has given the union a widely agreed and sound policy when discussing the various
proposals at the stakeholder meetings and directly with DARD.

The total £623 million funding allocated for the NIRDP means that DARD can
deliver a fairly comprehensive package and within this the NI Executive's
commitment to both match fund the NIRDP's EU funding element and its promise of
up to £250 million to help deliver on the NI Agri-Food Strategy Board's Going
For Growth Report demonstrates that they are serious about the future of our
agri-food industry. From the outset, the union has argued that the next NIRDP
must deliver on key priorities such as innovation and competitiveness if the
agri-food industry is to realise its full potential and many of the measures the
UFU has lobbied for over the last couple of years have been included in the
programme with an appropriate budget attached to them. It is positive to see
that a large proportion of the NIRDP budget has been allocated to the
Competitiveness in Agriculture' strand (£226 million).

This week the Minister for Agriculture has announced that 3,313 applications
have been submitted to join the Business Development Groups programme. This
programme has £25 million allocated for the development and running of the
Business Development Groups. The Business Development Groups Scheme is the first
scheme to be made available under the Farm Business Improvement Scheme which
falls under the competitiveness strand of the Rural Development Programme. The
level of interest demonstrates an industry eager to seize the opportunities
which the NIRDP will bring. Around 15-20 farmers will be in each sector specific
group facilitated by a CAFRE advisor. The UFU are hopeful that the group
meetings will commence in early 2016, with the onus now on DARD to ensure speedy
processing of the received applications. Farmers who preferred not to join the
BDGs will have the opportunity to get training to help farmers and their
families to adapt to the changing needs of the industry and to assess the
development needs of their business under the Farm Family Key Skills option
under the competitiveness strand.

One of the most talked about elements of the next Programme, which falls under
the competitiveness strand, is the Farm Business Investment Scheme.  Up to £200
million has been allocated to this element, a capital grant scheme that will
grant aid buildings, equipment etc. on farms.  The scheme will support
investments which improve on-farm resource and production, resilience to adverse
weather events and mitigate climate change, animal and plant health along with
improvements in health and safety on-farm. The UFU believe that it is essential
that there are no delays in getting the various schemes open to ensure that
farmers can start to avail of the funding as soon as possible.  The next step
will be to ensure smooth delivery of the FBIS and that bureaucracy is kept to a
minimum so as to maximise its effectiveness.

The UFU will continue to lobby to ensure that the 2014-2020 NIRDP roles out in
an effective and practical way with the maximum budget realised.  The union will
continue to meet with DARD around the detail of the various schemes to make sure
that they will be meaningful and attractive to local farmers.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday
                               Telegraph Edition

Lift limits on farm sell-offs, says BCA

BYLINE: SAMANTHA TOWNSEND

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 384  words


INVESTMENT

AUSTRALIA'S most powerful business lobby is on a collision course with the
Turnbull government after calling for more lenient thresholds on foreign
investment in agriculture.

The Business Council of Australia nominates agriculture as a key industry on
which to build the nation's economic future, arguing recently toughened rules
send the "wrong signal to investors".

In a report released today, the BCA says ANZ estimates $1 trillion of investment
in the Australian food industry could be needed by 2050, and wants the
government to open farms to foreign investment rather than close them off.

"The government has declared that it is 'open for business', however its recent
decisions have sent the opposite message to potential international investors
considering investing in the Australian agrifood sector," the BCA says in its
report, Building Australia's Comparative Advantages: A 21st Century Agrifood
Sector.

foreign boost It argues foreign investment, subject to appropriate review and
approval, plays an important role in driving investment. Developing
international markets, encouraging business investment and building sector
competitiveness was needed for the agrifood sector to grow.

The BCA wants the government to raise the threshold at which the Foreign
Investment Review Board must give approval for agricultural land and
agribusinesses investments to the same level as other sectors of the economy,
$252 million.

The government's threshold introduced in March for foreign investment in rural
land is $15m, and last night the threshold for agribusiness was lowered to $55m.

Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce hit back yesterday, saying the "Australian on
the street" wanted proper reviews on the sale of farmland.

"I can understand why those who make a lot of money, a lot of fees and
commissions out of selling large parcels of land want no impediments for selling
large parcels of land," Mr Joyce said.

"But this is not the view of the Australian people ... they don't want no holds
barred, sell-whatever-you-like because the people who collect the commissions
and collect the fees will not be hanging around to fix the problem if one
occurs."Mr Joyce said the thresholds would not be an impediment to foreign
investors. "They are still lined up out the street wanting to buy," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday
                               Telegraph3 Edition

Lift limits on farm sell-offs, says BCA

BYLINE: SAMANTHA TOWNSEND

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 384  words


INVESTMENT

AUSTRALIA'S most powerful business lobby is on a collision course with the
Turnbull government after calling for more lenient thresholds on foreign
investment in agriculture.

The Business Council of Australia nominates agriculture as a key industry on
which to build the nation's economic future, arguing recently toughened rules
send the "wrong signal to investors".

In a report released today, the BCA says ANZ estimates $1 trillion of investment
in the Australian food industry could be needed by 2050, and wants the
government to open farms to foreign investment rather than close them off.

"The government has declared that it is 'open for business', however its recent
decisions have sent the opposite message to potential international investors
considering investing in the Australian agrifood sector," the BCA says in its
report, Building Australia's Comparative Advantages: A 21st Century Agrifood
Sector.

foreign boost It argues foreign investment, subject to appropriate review and
approval, plays an important role in driving investment. Developing
international markets, encouraging business investment and building sector
competitiveness was needed for the agrifood sector to grow.

The BCA wants the government to raise the threshold at which the Foreign
Investment Review Board must give approval for agricultural land and
agribusinesses investments to the same level as other sectors of the economy,
$252 million.

The government's threshold introduced in March for foreign investment in rural
land is $15m, and last night the threshold for agribusiness was lowered to $55m.

Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce hit back yesterday, saying the "Australian on
the street" wanted proper reviews on the sale of farmland.

"I can understand why those who make a lot of money, a lot of fees and
commissions out of selling large parcels of land want no impediments for selling
large parcels of land," Mr Joyce said.

"But this is not the view of the Australian people ... they don't want no holds
barred, sell-whatever-you-like because the people who collect the commissions
and collect the fees will not be hanging around to fix the problem if one
occurs."Mr Joyce said the thresholds would not be an impediment to foreign
investors. "They are still lined up out the street wanting to buy," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

O'Neill welcomes £623m Rural Development Programme approval

LENGTH: 783  words


Agriculture Minister Michelle O'Neill has announced that the European Commission
have formally approved the Rural Development Programme (RDP) 2014 - 2020 for
Northern Ireland.

European approval for the RDP paves the way for up to £623million in funding to
become available for improving farming and agri-food businesses, protecting our
environment and supporting rural development projects across the north. It is
especially important at present when all sectors of the industry are
experiencing difficulty. It will introduce schemes to help farmers improve
productivity, contain costs and review their business models.

The Minister said: "This is very positive news, not just for our rural
communities, but for everyone in the north of Ireland. The new Rural Development
Programme will provide opportunities for our rural communities and farmers
alike. I'm confident that every single penny allocated as part of this programme
will go towards creating rural jobs, developing our rural infrastructure and
investing in the future sustainability of the farming industry. The programme
will also provide fantastic cross-border initiatives focusing on tourism and
further integrating border communities.

"Today's approval of our new RDP is the culmination of over three years of work
from my Department and our stakeholders beginning in 2012, before the European
rural development regulations were agreed. Since then we have been working with
our stakeholders across the agriculture, environmental and rural development
sectors to develop a balanced programme that meets their needs while helping to
support the growth of our rural areas.

"Our engagement with stakeholders included a 16 week consultation period, a
series of public information meetings across the north, and the formation of a
Stakeholder Consultation Group to further guide Programme development. I am
grateful to all the individuals and organisations who participated in this
process.

"Over the next few years, we will see hundreds of projects will benefit from
this programme which is great news for communities and businesses across the
north."

In July 2014, Executive approval was granted for a Rural Development Programme
containing support worth up to £623million, made up of:

·Up to £257million for improving the competitiveness of our farm and agri-food
businesses, including up to £220million for a Farm Business Improvement Scheme.

·Up to £249million for protecting and enhancing our natural environment,
including £100million for an Environmental Farming Scheme.

·£80million for broader rural development measures, including £70million of
support delivered through Local Action Groups.

Looking towards the next steps for the Programme, the Minister said: "I am happy
to say that I expect the first phase of the Farm Business Improvement Scheme to
get under way later this year, with the establishment of Business Development
Groups for farmers.

"It is important for the industry, and particularly now as our farmers face
difficult and challenging times, to encourage them to participate in development
groups with their peers, facilitated by a dedicated CAFRE adviser. This will
help farmers to learn about and enhance their knowledge of business management,
new technologies and innovative ways of working, which will assist them to think
more clearly about their farm, their income and their future. These groups are
part of a bigger package of measures including the Farm Business Investment
Scheme which will include a capital programme from next year.

"This is a challenging time for the industry so I want these development groups
to enable farmers to think about and acquire the tools that will help them make
the right decisions about their businesses, now and in the future."

The Minister went on to say: "I am also pleased to invite the new Local Action
Groups (LAGs) to now submit an interim rural development strategy that my
Department will assess to formalise the establishment of the LAGs, and to
allocate their budget. This Strategy will link closely with Councils' Community
Plan and the LAGs, working closely with the relevant local Council, will
identify the priorities and needs of each area, and set out how the objectives
of the Leader Programme will be met.

"I would urge stakeholders, community groups, rural businesses and communities
to take part in the forthcoming consultation about the strategies. The Leader
Programme will be an important source of funding, and will provide excellent
opportunities for the economic and social enhancement of our rural areas. I
encourage rural communities and individuals to begin engaging with their local
rural networks to consider how this funding can be accessed."

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            August 4, 2012 Saturday

Free advice for ACOA report writers

BYLINE:

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 684 words


Earlier this week, the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency (ACOA) announced it
was funding a study that would propose strategies to address the demographic
challenges facing rural communities in Atlantic Canada.

This is near and dear to my heart because I have been studying and writing about
this topic for years.

So here is a little free advice to those who are preparing this report.

First, avoid the temptation to propose the same old solutions: promoting small
business and encouraging tourism. It seems every time we have a mill or mine
closure, consultants are brought in and paid the big bucks to tell the community
to promote more small business and tourism.

You cannot replace the lost economic activity and income from a large, anchor
industrial project by encouraging more small businesses. We need to encourage
export-oriented entrepreneurs and we need to work harder to find other large
anchor firms to fill the void. I can't find a single example where this "replace
a pulp mill with more small business" actually worked.

As for tourism, it is an important industry for New Brunswick but not a panacea
for what is ailing rural communities. You can't replace a pulp mill with more
tourism jobs. It won't work.

We can't automatically dismiss efforts to develop our natural resources.
Renewable and non-renewable natural resources development has been the economic
anchor for rural communities across Canada since the founding of the country.

Despite what you hear, Canada has some among the most rigorous environmental
standards in the world. We should be able to develop these resources in an
environmentally responsible way and inject economic life into much of rural New
Brunswick.

I have tried to limit my contribution to the shale gas discussion recently -
mainly because of fatigue - but I read a story recently worth passing on. On the
campus of the University of Texas at Arlington is a single-pad natural gas site
that has 22 natural gas wells drilled using hydraulic fracturing. The site is
located in downtown Arlington, less than a mile from the Dallas Cowboys Stadium.

In just the last three years the university has received nearly $10 million in
royalty payments, and two-thirds of the natural gas is being used by the
university itself. The article stated that other universities are now looking at
the potential from on-campus shale gas development.

From forest products to mining, we need to find opportunities and seek good
corporate partners to help us develop them. We also need to ensure that local
people and local businesses reap the benefits of these natural resource-based
industries.

I also think we haven't done a good enough job developing the potential of
telework in rural New Brunswick. We love to tout our pervasive rural broadband
access but do very little to use that infrastructure to foster economic
development.

New Brunswick has the second-lowest percentage of people working from home among
the 10 provinces, and Miramichi and Campbellton are near the bottom for
home-based workers among small urban centres across the country.

Finally, we have to reform Employment Insurance. I realize this is a sensitive
issue and many people see it as just another kick at rural New Brunswick while
it's down. But I truly believe it has become a barrier to economic development.

I have talked with many business owners, and they describe to me the challenges
they face as the result of an entrenched culture of EI.

If we are really interested in fostering more business investment and job
creation in rural New Brunswick, we need to fix this barrier.

Finally, in my opinion, strengthening the urban economies across New Brunswick
will be beneficial to rural New Brunswick. While for some this seems
counterintuitive, the data from across Canada tell the tale.

Rural areas that are within the influence of a growing urban centre tend to have
far better outcomes than those that are not.

David Campbell is an economic development consultant based in Moncton. He writes
a daily blog, It's the Economy Stupid, at www.davidwcampbell.com. His column
appears every Wednesday and Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 25, 2000 Tuesday

Laidlaw

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; INVESTMENT NEWS; Pg. B29

LENGTH: 158 words


Standard & Poor's Corp. has placed its ratings on Laidlaw Inc. and subsidiaries
Greyhound Lines Inc. and Laidlaw One Inc. on credit watch with "negative"
implications.

The New York credit rating agency said the placement "reflects reduced financial
flexibility, due indirectly to serious difficulties at 44 per cent owned
Safety-Kleen Corp."

It said the Burlington transportation services company's investment in Columbia,
S.C.-based Safety-Kleen was $593-million (U.S.) at Aug. 31, 1999, but will
likely be written down substantially, the extent to which has not yet been
determined. The uncertainty has caused Laidlaw to postpone its Feb. 29, 2000,
earnings release, originally scheduled for mid-April, until the end of April.

Pending asset writedowns at Safety-Kleen are expected to place Laidlaw in
violation of its bank agreement covenants, S&P said. The banks have waived
compliance through May 31, 2000, while new covenants are negotiated.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 24, 1991, Saturday

BUSINESS IN BRIEF; KKR sued over buyout

SECTION: BUSINESS; SECTION C; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 1068 words


A Minnesota lawmaker has filed suit against the New York buyout company of
Kohlberg, Kravis, Roberts & Co., alleging it charged the pension funds of
Minnesota and other states millions of dollars in illegal fees.

Minnesota state Rep. Phyllis Kahn filed the suit in federal court in New York.
It alleged that KKR charged the pension funds of Minnesota and other states
illegal fees in connection with the $ 25 billion buyout of RJR Nabisco in 1988.

The suit, which KKR termed "meritless and frivolous," asks the court to void the
agreements that put state pension money into a $ 5.6 billion investment pool
used for the buyout.

The suit seeks return of all fees paid by investors in the pool. The complaint
estimates the fees at more than $ 300 million. The suit contends KKR did not
have a right to the fees from the deal because it served as an investment
adviser.; IN ATLANTA

ATLANTA COMPANY BUYS SONG RIGHTS: Atlanta-based Score Productions Inc. said it
has acquired the rights to market the songs owned by Brunswick Records for
commercial, promotional, movie, television, radio synchronization and direct
marketing use. The deal does not include retail record sales. Brunswick has a
catalog of more than 130 national chart records, 43 in the top 10, and 11 No. 1
hits. The recording artists represented include Jackie Wilson, the Chi-Lites,
Tyrone Davis and Little Richard.

RIVERWOOD FORMS NEW UNIT: Atlanta-based Riverwood International Corp. said it
has formed a Packaging Machinery Division that will be based in Atlanta. The
division will be respon sible for design, development and manufacturing of the
company's packaging systems as well as managing its intellectual property,
patents and licensing activities. Riverwood, a subsidiary of Manville Corp., is
a paperboard packaging company.; AROUND GEORGIA

DELCO DELAYS DECISION ON PRODUCTION: Delco Remy, which has alternator plants in
Albany, Ga., and Anderson, Ind., delayed for up to a year any decision on
consolidating alternator production. The Albany plant employs 430. "Long term,
is it very questionable that we need two facilities in North America to build
alternators," Robert D. Wight, Delco Remy general manager, said in a statement.;
ACROSS THE NATION

GREYHOUND PLAN MOVES AHEAD: Greyhound Lines Inc. won permission Friday to press
ahead with its plan to emerge from bankruptcy under a $ 600 million
reorganization.

Greyhound is to appear before U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Richard Schmidt on Tuesday
for final confirmation of the plan. The Amalgamated Transit Union had asked for
a monthlong delay so that a Dallas investment group could prepare a competing
reorganization plan that includes a purchase offer.

KEATING TRIAL MAY BE POSTPONED: Unsettled legal issues may delay the opening of
Charles Keating Jr.'s fraud trial. Opening statements had been scheduled for
Wednesday. But Superior Court Judge Lance A. Ito said this week he may send the
jury home until Sept. 3 to give prosecuting and defense attorneys time to hash
out unsettled issues.

They include whether lawyers may present several Keating statements that the
defense doesn't want jurors to hear.

Mr. Keating, the former owner of Lincoln Savings, is charged with duping Lincoln
investors about the safety of bonds in Lincoln's parent, American Continental
Corp.

CONSULTING FIRM FILES PUBLIC OFFERING: Dames & Moore Inc., a worldwide provider
of environmental and consulting services, filed an initial public offering with
the Securities and Exchange Commission for 5.75 million common shares.

The company estimates that the initial public offering price for the shares will
be between $ 18 and $ 20 per share.

Proceeds will be used to reduce debt and finance internal expansion and possible
acquisitions, the company said.

BROWN SHOE CLOSES 4 MISSOURI PLANTS: Brown Shoe Co., the nation's leading maker
of women's shoes, said Friday it would close four facilities in Missouri and lay
off 1,400 factory workers within three months.

The St. Louis-based company blamed the actions on the recession and the
continued shift in the industry to imported shoes. Brown was founded in 1878 and
makes the well-known Buster Brown line of shoes for children.

STORE OPERATOR SEEKS BANKRUPTCY PROTECTION: Citing its high debt and declining
sales, P.A. Bergner & Co., which operates the Carson Pirie Scott, Bergner's, and
Boston Store department stores in the Midwest, filed on Friday for protection
under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code.

Stanton J. Bluestone, Bergner's president and chief operating officer, said the
company's 68 stores would remain open for business. The company said that
without court protection from its creditors, it would be unable to continue
operations and buy inventory for the fall and holiday seasons.; AROUND THE WORLD

VENTURE TO BRING SOVIET TECHNOLOGY TO U.S.: Technology used in the Soviet Union
defense industry will be available in the United States under a joint venture
announced Friday by a glass maker that plans to import high-tech quartz and
crystals.

The agreement marks one of few times a Soviet technology will be marketed in the
United States and will broaden the market potential for silica-quartz materials
and crystals, said Martin Saepoff, president of Dynasil Corp. of America.; ALSO
NOTEWORTHY

The Pontiac Division of General Motors Corp. said it would offer $ 500 to $ 750
rebates on the 1992 Pontiac LeMans, Firebird and Grand Prix cars and the Trans
Sport minivan.

Time magazine has moved its trade advertising account from New York agency
Lois-GGK to a Minneapolis shop, Fallon McElligott.

Marietta-based Tune-Up Clinic, an auto service company, announced its service
centers will be switched from company-owned to independently operated outlets.
The company has 24 centers.

Delta Air Lines said Friday it will seek government approval for flights from
New York and Orlando to the new Stansted Airport outside London. Routes to the
new airport, London's third, are expected to become available under an expansion
of the air travel treaty between the two nations. Delta now uses only Gatwick
Airport near London.

Western Union Financial Services Inc. announced a joint venture with Thomas Nix
Distributor to form a nationwide check cashing business under the Western Union
name.

Compiled from staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            February 17, 2014 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Morobe governor invites Germans

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 501 words


Morobe Governor Kelly Naru has welcomed Germany to invest in his province,
saying his people have a long association with that country.

Governor Naru, his deputy Judas Nalau and chairman for religion in the
provincial government Charlie Foikec had dinner with Germany's Honorary Consul
to PNG, Thomas Bockhold at the Melanesian Hotel in Lae on Saturday night where
the two leaders exchanged gifts and ideas.

Mr Naru expressed interest in harnessing German technology to solve some of the
problems faced by the country's industrial city, particularly in the area of
power generation and clean energy options.

He said Germany is a world leader in many areas and member of the all-powerful
European Union and Morobe and PNG stand to gain a lot in renewed and
strengthened ties with Europe.

Mr Naru was interested in Germany's use of solar energy for rural communities
and wind farms for power generation.

Mr Bockhold said Germany is keen is to share its trade, investment and
technology with PNG and Morobe would be an ideal place to start investing
because of the many challenges it presents.

Both leaders discussed the need for cooperation in education, in particular the
need for Morobe students to study German language and culture and to foster
exchange in pastoral training.

The Consul also noted Morobe's historical links with Germany dating back to
Germany's colonial rule of the New Guinea region in the 1800s.

Mr Naru also reminded Mr Bockhold that it was the German Missionaries,
particularly Reverend Flierl who brought the Good News to Morobe at Zimbang in
Finschhafen, the birthplace the Evangelical Lutheran Church of PNG.

He said Morobe would welcome investments in clean energy technology for power
generations, particularly wind farms which can be placed in the Markham Valley
and along the Morobe coastline to harness wind and turn that into power.

He said this would alleviate Lae's current power problems and also empower rural
communities through clean energy generation.

Mr Naru also raised the issue of the shortcomings of the PNG Fire Service in Lae
and the need for modern fire engines, equipment and training, and assistance for
the building of new fire stations in Lae.

He said Morobe was also interested in road building technology to connect the
Kabwum, Tewae, Finschhafen, Menyamya, Bulolo and Huon Gulf areas to Lae and
communication technology that can enable rural communities' access to real time
news and information.

Mr Bockhold further encouraged Lae city to seek sister city relations with
German cities to further enhance business, investment and trade cooperation and
civil society alliances and assistance.

Mr Bockhold was accompanied by his wife Mrs Bockhold, and Mr Gus Schweinfurth, a
former Secretary of the Department of Morobe, who was instrumental in building
many of Morobe's rural highways.

The Bockholds accompanied by Mr Schweinfurth visited Finschhafen, a one-time
headquarters of German New Guinea, on Sunday before going to Madang, Mount Hagen
and back to Port Moresby.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            January 24, 2016 Sunday

Letting the economy be truly shiny

LENGTH: 880 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Jan. 24 -- Doing business is considered a difficult job in
Bangladesh and a host of factors are held responsible for it. But, if not other
areas, trading seems to be the easiest of all business avenues. That is why
trading remains at the top of business activities and it has been expanding at a
fast pace in both urban centres and villages.

A newspaper report, published last Saturday on the business and investment
activities in Sylhet, one of the affluent areas in the country, in terms of
land, money and availability of gas and electricity, confirmed the trend. The
report quoting the Sylhet City Corporation sources said in and around the city
of Sylhet the number of shops has gone up threefold over the last 16 years. The
number of shops having trade licences is over 60,000 now and shops of nearly
half of that number are operating without any sort of licences. In contrast, the
Sylhet region witnessed the establishment of a highly insignificant number of
even cottage industries during the period.

What has been experienced in Sylhet is nothing different from that of other
areas of the country. The number of shops and trading centres has been growing
unabatedly across the country. Some industries are coming up. But their number
is very small. One of the reasons behind the fast growth of shops and trading
establishments in rural areas could be the inflow of remittance money in greater
volume. Most migrant workers on their return home and their dependents usually
try to find an easy solution to their livelihood needs through the establishment
of shops and business establishments.

However, shops and business establishments are providing jobs to millions of
people but under an informal arrangement. The wages and salaries given by these
establishments are highly inadequate and irregular.

The main reason for taking up trading on a massive scale could be the fact that
it involves fewer hassles compared to other business or investment activities.
If one has money one can start within days a shop which is readily available on
rent and the commodities one would deal in can be procured from local or foreign
sources. The only thing the owners of such establishments would have to manage
is a trade licence from the local municipalities or city corporations. However
there are scores of small shops that do not bother to procure even the trade
licence.

But as far as starting of industrial ventures, big or small, the situation on
the ground is far more complicated. The initial shock a prospective entrepreneur
would get when he or she would try to own a piece of land in a suitable
location. It is scarce and even if it is found in accordance with the
requirement, the price would be prohibitive. The second shock the entrepreneur
concerned would receive when he or she would seek power and gas connections. It
may take years to manage the same at huge costs. The situation would not be
anyway better for the entrepreneur in the matters of procuring funds from banks.
Banks are found to be generous in lending money to traders but not so in the
case of entrepreneurs wanting to set up an industry since the former are found
reluctant to do long-term lending.

But the fact remains that the rate of default in lending to traders is quite
high. Moreover, in the cases of default, the banks concerned usually do have in
their possession some tangible collateral against funds borrowed by industrial
units. But there are plenty of instances where the banks got nothing from
delinquent borrowers from the trading circle. Some banks are already in deep
trouble by lending large funds to a few so-called big trading houses in
Chittagong.

An economy that is largely dependent on services sector that meets the domestic
demand to a great extent cannot acquire the much-needed depth. Riding on a
relatively higher level of domestic demand and small scale growth in external
sectors, the economy can manage to grow at a decent pace, but the major national
objectives such as greater employment generation and resource mobilisation by
gaining external competitiveness would continue to elude the country.

To achieve those objectives, the country needs to invest more in manufacturing.
Unfortunately, such investment has remained more or less stagnant for the past
few years for a number of reasons. Most macro-economic indicators have been
stable in recent years. Yet the private sector investment has not picked up. The
troubled politics could be a reason. Power and energy crisis, poor physical
infrastructure and high cost of doing business are also cited as reasons. But,
apparently, there exists a crisis of confidence among the private sector people.
The policymakers should try to find the reasons behind it.

There should be no reason to feel complacent if the country acquired the lower
middle-income-country or middle income-country statuses. If the depth of the
economy remains shallow and millions of people remain unemployed or
underemployed, the economic gains, in terms of higher GDP growth, would not mean
anything, ultimately.

zahidmar10@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                           Capon Bridge West Virginia

                                  Rt. 50 West
                            Capon Bridge,  WV 26711
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.homeplaceproperties.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   United Country Homeplace Properties specializes in north east west Virginia
real estate throughout Capon Bridge West Virginia, capon bridgeCounty and the
areas that surround North West Virginia - residential, rural homes, historic
estates, farms, ranches, timberland, vacant land for sale, recreational land,
hunting property, commercial businesses, investment property and other rural
real estate for sale.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

Rural Center shakeup may significantly impact Lenoir County

BYLINE: Wes Wolfe, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 721 words


Sept. 20--The entity responsible for $16.5 million in business investment and at
least 2,133 jobs between 1990 and January 2013 in Lenoir County took its next
step in a massive reorganization.

The General Assembly -- seeing the state Rural Economic Development Center as an
organization too subject to political pressure -- took a knife to it in the last
legislative session, and moved much of the center's money and responsibilities
to the Commerce Department.

Monday, the REDC's board of directors voted on and approved a transition
framework, sketching out the basics of what will happen moving forward.
According to REDC spokesman Matt Ehlers, the agreement is between the REDC, the
state Commerce Department and the state Office of Budget Management.

"The Rural Center has approximately $85 million in grants that have already been
awarded," Ehlers said. "Those are from state appropriations. As part of this
transition plan, that $85 million -- once that agreement is signed -- will be
transferred to the Department of Commerce, and those grants will then be
administered by the new Rural Economic Development Division, which is a part of
Commerce."

Duties of the REDC including grants for structure refurbishment and
infrastructure construction and upgrade -- for gas lines and water and sewer
systems, for example -- will be decided and awarded within the new Commerce
Department division.

As of May 16, the City of Kinston still had $1 million of REDC grant money for a
sewer system lift station at the Smithfield Foods facility -- the city plans on
awarding the construction bid in December. North Carolina's Eastern Region --
the economic development agency undergoing its own reorganization resulting from
the state budget -- had $215,108 on hand for its rural jobs accelerator and its
WorkReady Communities initiative.

The vast majority of grants awarded to the City of Kinston, Lenoir County and
other local organizations over the past 23 years went for infrastructure
improvements.

Lenoir County Economic Development Executive Director Mark Pope said he hopes
there aren't too many changes between how the REDC worked and how the new
Commerce Department division will operate.

"It has been a very valuable tool for economic development in our area," Pope
said. "Because when you look at the cost of water, sewer and even gas lines that
we had to put in, without the Rural Center and some of these other grant
sources, it would have been hard for local government to be able to do that."

Pope mentioned the REDC's assistance in a number of U.S. 70 Industrial Park
projects, and how those created jobs for area residents.

"I hope as we move forward that relationship remains the same -- I know the need
will still be there," Pope said.

The reorganization isn't without its political characteristics. The move is
indicative of a perceived notion the General Assembly's Republican majority was
consolidating decision-making processes in executive-branch level departments
and agencies.

"Generally, the idea of the 'executive' branch executing and enforcing the law
goes along with consolidation and centralization," said Michael Bitzer,
professor of politics and history at Catawba College. "So, from the governor's
point of view, this will help in terms of managing and overseeing, as well as
having the power to put his stamp and political perspective on the activities."

Bitzer said the possibility remains of influence on the division by a political
appointee, negating claims of trying to remove the grants process from undue
political pressure.

And though the Commerce Department is taking over the main purpose of the REDC,
the organization will remain, albeit in a smaller role. The decision made Monday
allows the agency to keep $3 million of interest earned on grants from one of
its accounts, and split $8.6 million in interest in its other account with the
Commerce Department, going forward with $7.3 million.

Ehlers said the goal of the agency once the reorganization is over is to invest
in "rural entrepreneurship programs, small business loans, and rural leadership
programs."

Wes Wolfe can be reached at 252-559-1075 and Wes.Wolfe@Kinston.com Follow him on
Twitter @WolfeReports.

___ (c)2013 The Free Press (Kinston, N.C.) Visit The Free Press (Kinston, N.C.)
at www.kinston.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130920-KI-Rural
-Center-shakeup-may-significantly-impact-Lenoir-County-0920-20130920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2013 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

The CEB supports job creation, public infrastructure projects in Poland

LENGTH: 383 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 PARIS: The Council of Europe Development Bank (CEB) approved today two loans
worth a total of [#x20ac] 250 million to Poland in order to support job creation
and preservation and to help improve living conditions in urban and rural areas.


 The first loan of [#x20ac] 100 million to Bank Zachodni WBK S.A., the third
largest bank in Poland, aims to contribute to the creation and preservation of
new permanent and seasonal jobs through strengthening the competitiveness of
micro, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs).
 The MSME sector employs more than two-thirds of Poland's total labour force and
has been one of the reasons for the country's sustained economic growth even
during the recent financial crisis. Nevertheless, limited access to financing
for MSMEs is a major barrier for the development of the sector.
 The CEB funds will support small business investments in a wide range of
sectors, such as construction, wholesale trade, industry and manufacturing, and
will be used for the acquisition of fixed assets and productive equipment. The
programme is expected to have a high socio-economic impact in terms of promoting
entrepreneurship and job creation.
 The second loan of [#x20ac] 150 million is to Bank PEKAO S.A., a leading bank
in public sector financing with a regional network of almost 1 000 branches.
 The funds will co-finance investments for the modernisation and improvement of
the energy efficiency of urban and rural infrastructure, including public
transport, schools, medical centres, and historic and cultural heritage sites.
Projects in the area of environmental protection will also benefit from the CEB
funds, including local water treatment and waste management projects.
 The loan is expected to make a significant contribution to improving the living
condition of local populations through enhancing the quality, reliability,
comfort and accessibility of public services.
 Since becoming a CEB member in 1998, Poland has had close to [#x20ac]4 billion
in financing approved by the Bank. The sectors which have benefited the most are
the creation and preservation of viable jobs and the modernisation of urban and
rural areas, including flood protection works. Social projects in the areas of
health and the protection of the physical and cultural environment have also
received CEB financing.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

Doubling of investment allowance for SMEs does not go far enough', say critics

LENGTH: 344  words


GOVERNMENT plans to boost business spending by doubling the Annual Investment
Allowance to £500,000 fail to address the real needs of the majority of
small-and-medium-sized businesses, critics have warned.

Economists have been urging the Government to create a sustainable economic
recovery led by an increase in business investment rather than housing and
consumer spending.

But the Association of Taxation Technicians (ATT) said the measure announced
yesterday does not go far enough.

George Osborne said that "99.8 per cent of businesses" were eligible for 100 per
cent of the investment allowance, which will cost the government £2bn to
implement, the second most expensive measure of the Budget.

The ATT said the move, which will apply to all qualifying investment in plant
and machinery made between April 2014 and December 31, 2015, would have a
limited impact on most SMEs.

Yvette Nunn, president of the ATT, said: "When the current temporary limit of
£250,000 was introduced from January 2013, it brought with it some of the most
complicated arithmetical calculations in the whole tax code. For the vast
majority of SMEs, this temporary doubling will be irrelevant. What concerns them
far more is what will happen when we come to the end of the temporary enhanced
limit."

Terry Jones, tax partner at BDO in Yorkshire, welcomed the move but said it
should have been made permanent. "The increase in the Annual Investment
Allowance (AIA) from £250,000 to £500,000 will certainly be welcomed by those
businesses wanting to expand to meet growing export demand and it means that
they can now get up to £100,000 tax back on investment in plant and machinery,"
he said.

"However, this is only a temporary measure and we would have liked to have seen
this set permanently at this level."

Meanwhile, NFU Mutual said the measure would help rural businesses.

Sean McCann, personal finance specialist, said: "(It) is great news for rural
businesses. It should encourage investment in new plant and machinery, boosting
incomes and helping create jobs in the rural economy."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Demand for farmland rises as supply falls

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 412 words


AVAILABILITY of farmland in Wales for sale is continuing to fall, according to
the latest Rural Market Survey published by the Royal Institution of Chartered
Surveyors (RICS).

The survey found that landowners' reluctance to sell pushed supply to
exceptionally low levels throughout the second half of 2009 (H2), with
residential land being in the shortest supply.

Those with land are keen to hold on to it and, as such, very little is coming on
to the market, which is helping to drive up prices. Some 27% more chartered
surveyors reported a drop than a rise in supply of residential land with 7% more
reporting a drop than a rise in commercial land.

Demand for residential farmland also started to pick up. 13% more surveyors
reported demand rising rather than falling, in stark contrast to the first half
of the year when 25% more reported it to be falling. For commercial land, demand
is still growing albeit at a slower rate with 7% more surveyors reporting a rise
in demand.

Demand is coming from investors who view farmland as a stable venture,
reflecting the fact that prices have remained resilient throughout the
recession. Established farmers are also looking to capitalise on rising
livestock prices and greater optimism surrounding the prospects for agriculture
by acquiring land close by so that they can expand their existing operations.

RICS Wales director Cathy McLean, said: "When prices were rising two years ago
it was mainly being fuelled by hobby farmers, buying up rural retreats with city
bonus money and inflating the market. However these latest results indicate that
it is now farmers looking to expand and investors who see it as a viable
business or investment class that are fuelling the rise in demand.

"Interest rates are expected to remain low for the foreseeable period which
means there is expected to be increasing interest in farmland from
non-commercial buyers seeking higher returns on alternative assets.

"The fall in supply means that the market is exceptionally thin with surveyors
expecting such market conditions to persist which in turn will help drive prices
during 2010. Those with land are loath to dispose of it, and those without, or
with a limited supply, are keen to get into the market and capitalise on its
rising value.

"Couple this with the fact that farmers are increasingly optimistic about the
outlook for agriculture and suddenly an investment in either pasture or arable
land is a very attractive prospect."

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  GOOD PROSPECTS: Demand is coming from investors who view farmland as a
stable venture, reflecting the fact that prices have remained resilient
throughout the recession

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           September 30, 2013 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Making the Move; Thinking about taking the next step from BC to Alberta-check
out some of our featured locations

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 290 words


Leduc-Nisku Located south of the City of Edmonton, Alberta's International
Region encompasses the City of Leduc and Leduc County. Clustered around
Edmonton's International Airport and Leduc-Nisku Business Parks,Canada's largest
energy industrial parks, a key transportation hub in the heart of Alberta,
attracting business and investment, and a growing residential community.
Residents have an outstanding quality of life and enjoy a safe, affordable and
prosperous location, only a short drive from Edmonton,Alberta's capital city.

Camrose Centrally framed by a rural setting of golden prairie farm lands and
open blue skies, Camrose beckons the traveler to stay a bit, re-invigorate your
spirit, and take time to experience one of the "nicest" cities in western
Canada. You'll find us friendly and vibrant and alive! The city,(population of
over 17,300),is a major hub in centraleast Alberta and offers something for
everyone...music,arts,and culture,university learning,sports and recreation,and
festivals. Visit us at www.tourismcamrose.com

Stettler Region Take a drive just fortyfive minutes east of Red Deer and long
before everyone gets restless, you are here. Located on the edge of the Canadian
Badlands, the Prairie, lakes and parks are full of natural wildlife. Look close
and you may see rare birds unique to the area. The towns and hamlets in the
region are open for business and local specialty items are worth asking about.

1. PEACE COUNTRY REGION

2. LAKELAND COUNTY

3. GRANDE PRAIRE AND REGION

4. YELLOWHEAD EAST

5. CAPITAL REGION

6. LEDUC-NISKU

7. CAMROSE

8. TOWN OF STETTLER

9. EAST CENTRAL REGION

10. ELK ISLAND REGION

11. LLOYDMINISTER REGION

12. ST PAUL-SMOKY RIVER REGION

13. LAC LA BICHE

14. LESSER SLAVE LAKE REGION

15. SOUTHERN ALBERTA

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                                 Print Edition

Farmers upbeat about next year's prospects

BYLINE: Andrew Marshall

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 411 words


A BIG season, with irrigation water aplenty, is sustaining farmer confidence at
historically high levels, despite lacklustre cereal grain prices.

Even dairy farmers are smiling, a bit.

Cotton and sugar producers are particularly bullish about the year ahead, while
sentiment is holding strong in the sheep and beef sectors says farm sector
lender Rabobank.

NSW and Queensland farmers are the nation's most positive, according to
Rabobank's latest rural confidence survey.

Dairy farmer enthusiasm has seen the biggest turnaround on the back of a slow
global recovery in commodity markets.

Recovering from a four-year mood low, dairy farmers were still worried by the
price outlook, but the survey found concerns were less pronounced as the year
wrapped up. Respondents said the 2017-18 season finally looked likely to deliver
a return to farm profitability.

The better dairy outlook and favourable seasonal conditions have driven
confidence gains in Tasmania, Victoria and South Australia, however sentiment
has dipped in Western Australia where frosts have hurt crop yields.

After posting a significant upswing last quarter, the net rural confidence
indicator held its strong levels, with 36 per cent of farmers continuing to
expect agricultural economic conditions to rise and only 15pc tipping the
situation to worsen in 2017. The majority (46pc) expect the next 12 months to be
similar to the last.

About 92pc of the nation's farmers plan to increase or maintain their level of
farm business investment in the next 12 months - up slightly from 90pc in the
previous quarterly survey.

&Acirc;Rabobank's Country Banking Australia manager, Todd Charteris, said
confidence in the agri sector remained strong, underpinned by good seasonal
conditions across much of the country and positive market fundamentals.

&Acirc;"Much of the country is experiencing a good season following the second
wettest winter on record, and a wet start to spring," he said.

&Acirc;However, rain was excessive in northern Tasmania and parts of NSW and
Victoria, leading to downgrades to crop yields.

Good seasonal conditions and strong markets had 40pc of beef and 35pc of sheep
producers expecting a better year ahead.

Meanwhile, 34pc of farmers hope to boost their skills and knowledge,
particularly through better on-farm management practices. About 75pc wanted to
increase knowledge around maximising crop and livestock productivity, while 57pc
were interested in information on emerging technologies.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock & Land

                                 August 5, 2011

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS

LENGTH: 307  words


VICTORIAN irrigators have responded to the Murray Darling Basin Authority's
(MDBA) announcement of a further delay of the release date for the proposed
Basin Plan with calls for the extended preparatory time on the plan to be used
well.

Chair of the VFF Water Council Richard Anderson said while another delay in
releasing the proposed plan may prolong the uncertainty of the rural community,
his hope was that it would lead to a more balanced document.

'The livelihoods of over 2 million people who live in the Basin have been
overshadowed by the looming release of the Basin Plan, creating business and
investment uncertainty,' Mr Anderson said.

'Craig Knowles has stated that he wanted to get the plan right, rather than rush
it. To get it right, there needs to be open communication with the communities
who will be impacted.'

'Pushing back the release of the proposed plan will bring the 16 week
consultation period perilously close to the initial February 2012 deadline for
the introduction of the plan to Parliament. The integrity of the consultation
period needs to be maintained, and we strongly urge the Federal Government to
revise their own timelines to reflect the information released earlier.'

'The additional time that the MDBA is requiring must be used effectively and a
thorough investigation of all the infrastructure efficiency options which can be
developed in the Basin must be considered.'

'Farmers have driven water use efficiency gains through on-farm irrigation
infrastructure development. We want to see the same accountability for water
efficiency reflected in the Basin Plan.'

'With the additional time to prepare the plan, the VFF expects the MDBA to
appropriately consider the implementation of infrastructure projects which will
increase the efficiency of water made available to the environment,' Mr Anderson
concluded.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  West Briton

                                 March 25, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Seminar on finance to help firms grow

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 120 words


BUSINESS owners can find out what finance is available to help their companies
grow at a special seminar at the Hotel Bristol, Newquay, on May 13.

Winter Rule, solicitors Stephens Scown and Business Link are organising the
Finance in Cornwall seminar which attracted more than 80 people last year.

It will feature presentations from a range of finance providers, including the
South West Regional Development Agency's grant for business investment and grant
for research and development teams, the Rural Development Programme for England,
South West Angel and Investment Network and The Carbon Trust. The whole range of
nonbank and non-asset backed finance will be covered.

To book a place, e-mail ibirbeck@winterrule.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WBR


                           Copyright 2010 West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Torquay Herald Express

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

£1.16m hub opens

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 239  words


A DYNAMIC new £1.16million centre, managed by South West Business Centres, is
opening on Wednesday, March  25.

The  Highbridge Enterprise Centre at Isleport Business Park, Somerset, is the
newest addition to the South West Business Centres portfolio.

It has been set up to champion high growth enterprises and drive business
investment in the South West.

Adrian Sheen, South West Business Centres manager, said: "It comprises three
modern light industrial units, flexible office space and meeting rooms, and is
equipped with fibre optic broadband. New and expanding businesses based at the
centre will be able to access free advice through the South West Business
Centres organisation which manages the site on behalf of the county council."

The centre also hopes to attract business interest from outside the county,
maximising on opportunities presented by future, high-profile developments, such
as EDF Energy's proposed Hinkley Point C power station.

Businesses Solec, Keith Cappa Photography and Webtek will move into the centre
this month.

The project is jointly-funded by Somerset County Council and through the Rural
Growth Network, which encourages economic growth and enterprise in rural areas.

Adrian added: "The centre's construction was completed both on schedule and
within budget.

"I am glad to say in addition to the three tenants who are now moving into the
centre, we have received reservations for two of the offices."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PRESENTATION: From the left, Nicky Mackenzie from SEIB, and Claire
Jacobson, Louise Tuff, John Tuff and Ben Tuff of Redpost Equestrian

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday

Obasanjo Seeks End to Global Food Shortage

BYLINE: Obinna Chima

LENGTH: 562  words


Former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo, has called for collaboration between
governments and investors in Africa to avoid the threatening global food
shortage in the continent.

Obasanjo made this call, just as the Managing Director and Chief Executive
Officer, Assets Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON), Mr. Mustapha
Chike-Obi, disclosed that the Liquidity Ratio of Nigerian banks currently stands
at over 70 per cent, saying that banks now have plenty of money to lend to the
economy. Liquidity Ratio measures a firm's ability to meet its short-term
financial obligations.

They both said this while making their separate presentations at the second
annual, "Pan-Africa 1:1 Investor Conference," organised by Renaissance Capital
in Lagos Wednesday.

The former President insisted that the looming shortage in the Nigeria and other
countries in Africa was a reality, stressing that the situation can be
alleviated with adequate investment in agriculture.

Obasanjo whose speech was titled: "It's Time for Africa," informed the gathering
of international investors that: "We have over 150 million mouths to feed in
Nigeria you can never go wrong if you invest in feeding some of them."

He explained further: "Despite the significant operational challenges and the
risk premium investors have to bear, interest among investors remains high. It
is now Africa's time! Global executives and investors can no longer afford to
ignore the continent's immense potential in every area of business and
investment. Thus, with political and social issues properly settled and put
behind us, Africa is all set to become the next big investment destination.

"Many Africans are joining the ranks of the world's consumers. Africa, with its
surging middle class population, will create more demand for local products,
sparking a cycle of increasing domestic growth."

The former President argued that the next decade would be the decade of emerging
economies, stating that emerging economies will continue to add more to global
growth than all the developed countries combined.

"After many years of economic immobilism, the continent's economies experienced
a marked acceleration in growth during the past ten years, with real Gross
Domestic Product (GDP), increasing by 5.2 per cent annually, compared with 2.3
per cent in the 1990s. Africa's economic pulse has quickened, infusing the
continent with a new commercial vibrancy.

"Each sector is treading upward. Be it telecom, banking, retail or construction.
The resurgence has come about in spite of the fact that most African countries
are still facing serious challenges such as poverty, disease, and high infant
and maternal mortality," Obasanjo noted.

Chike-Obi who said that banks have enough funds to lend, however, called for the
creation of bankable projects and products for proper bank lending.

The AMCON boss expressed dissatisfaction over litigations that emerged in the
process of recapitalising the rescued banks, which according to him may delay
the process.

He added: "I don't think anybody involved in the process is happy with the
delay, but we would continue to push on with the process. AMCON's mission is to
do whatever it can to help the economy at large. If our economy is growing at 10
per cent per year for three years, I guarantee you that I can sell all the
assets that I acquired in the process, which is my interest."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)

                            February 16, 1992 Sunday

TALL ORDER FOR PM

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: DAVIES R

LENGTH: 584 words


Tall order for PM W ILL Paul Keating recant on economic rationalism in his
all-important Economic Statement in 10 day's time? Probably not, judging by the
word from Canberra last week, which suggested that business assistance measures
in the statement would be modest. Not surprisingly, the Prime Minister
recognises that his February 26 speech to Parliament is the most important of
his career and he plans to write it himself. This is why the Ministers and their
advisers are burning the midnight oil trying to finalise details in a day or two
so he can get on with preparing the presentation. What he needs and wants is to
be seen to be towering over the political landscape, setting the agenda for the
coming year and, most of all, overshadowing Dr John Hewson's ""Fightback" _
relegating that blueprint, which so dominated the agenda last year, to the
sidelines as a relic of marketplace economics gone mad. This is a very tall
order for a Prime Minister who was the master architect of deregulation and
rationalism in the 1980s. Leaks from those close to the Economic Statement
Committee _ the Federal Government's six senior Ministers _ reveal a
subterranean battle going on over how extensive the business incentives in the
statement should be. The pragmatic Industry, Technology and Commerce Minister,
Senator Button, wants to grab the chance to boost the deeply depressed state of
business investment across the nation by two key measures _ a better
depreciation tax allowance system to encourage longer-term structural
investment, and an extension of the Government's 150 percent research and
development incentives scheme. The key economic departments, however, Prime
Minister and Cabinet, Treasury and Finance seem to have convinced their
Ministers to take a more cautious approach in boosting government aid to
industry, arguing that measures like those advocated by Senator Button are only
peripheral in their impact on business investment decisions. Perhaps when Mr
Keating sits down to write his speech he should look at how well such measures
have worked in places like the South-East Asian tiger economies, because this is
his first and probably last chance to pull off the seeming impossible _ dragging
Labor back into the policy race with a fighting chance of a win at the next
election. It is his first and last chance to begin to establish himself as the
""great" Prime Minister he believes this nation has never had. Against all the
odds, there are a few factors in his favor.

As for his predecessor in 1983, the Gods have allowed the crippling drought to
break early in his term, guaranteeing something of a lift in the rural sector.
The only way for the farmers is up, although their plight is still in the
doldrums of flagging world commodity prices brought on by the European and North
American trading blocs. Then there's the welcome, although still-much-too-small
jump in employment of 46,900 last month _ a bright spot in an overall gloomy
picture. And, perhaps most of all in Mr Keating's favor, the electorate is still
mulling over the Hewson GST formula (so similar to Mr Keating's own preferred
option in 1985). The notion of trusting politicians with a new tax goes against
the electoral grain, and many people just don't like it. Against this backdrop
of dominant negatives and a few positives, Mr Keating's moment to carpe diem _
seize the day _ on February 26 will tell whether he is able to grab the reins or
let Labor's chances slide further and faster

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           November 18, 2010 Thursday

Capital law firm's profits up 11% despite declining turnover

BYLINE: Scott Reid

LENGTH: 276 words



HIGHLIGHT: Law firm Gillespie Macandrew is poised to boost its headcount after
posting a double-digit rise in profits despite turnover falling.


Releasing headline numbers ahead of filing full accounts with Companies House,
the Edinburgh-based practice said profit in the year to 28 February rose 11 per
cent to £2.7 million.

The result meant the firm's 19 partners - or members as they are classed under
the rules of a limited liability partnership - received an average profit payout
of £142,000. That compares with 22 partners pocketing £109,000 each a year
earlier.

Turnover during 2009-10 fell 8 per cent to just over £8.8m.

Managing partner Ian Turnbull described the performance as "encouraging", "given
the prevailing economic climate".

He said the firm would focus on its "core strengths in property, strategic land
and private client", while "attracting additional high-quality lawyers".

It is understood that an announcement regarding key lateral hires will be made
soon.

The firm grew rapidly from turnover of just £3m or so in 2003 to more than £10m
two years ago, helped by a series of mergers and acquisitions, including a swoop
on Hunters, the Edinburgh residential sales specialist.

Turnbull said: "Given the prevailing economic climate, our performance is one
that we regard as encouraging.

"Key areas including private client, rural property business, investment
management, corporate and litigation showed continued strength and, indeed,  the
only areas of decline in income were property - both residential and commercial
- reflecting the economic situation.

"Overall, the results provide the partners with confidence that we have given
ourselves a platform."

He added: "Currently, we are seeing growth in commercial property and in rural
business, one of our principal areas of expertise."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TS


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Australian (Australia)

                              March 7, 2008 Friday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

ON THE MARKET

BYLINE: Lisa Macnamara

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 300 words


IN THE BALANCE

THE effects of surging domestic demand and strength in the Australian dollar has
led to the further deterioration of the nation's trade balance.

Booming import growth has helped widen the trade gap in January, that went from
$1.9 billion to $2.7 billion.

Imports of goods and services jumped by 5 per cent while exports rose by 1.7 per
cent.

Imports of intermediate goods rose by 13 per cent while consumption goods were
also up by 3 per cent but capital goods imports fell by 3 per cent.

"On the other side of the trade ledger, exports grew a slightly better than
expected 1.7 per cent month/ month in January, slowing only mildly from 1.8 per
cent in the previous month," JPMorgan economist Helen Kevans says in her latest
economic update.

Exports of cereal grains and cereal preparations rose by 11 per cent, pushing
rural exports up 1 per cent.

"Rural exports we expect will continue to rise in the wake of recent rainfall in
key growing areas," Ms Kevans said.

"Meanwhile, non-rural goods exports were up 2.4 per cent, owing to increased
shipments of metal ores and minerals, and other mineral fuels, both up 10 per
cent over the month."

Coal exports fell by 5 per cent, as production was held back by bad weather
conditions.

Although further weakening in the trade gap is expected as domestic demand
continues to drive imports, Ms Kevans says there should be some levelling out as
interest rates begin to bite in 2008.

"Exports should start to improve as solid business investment, particularly in
the resource sector, continues to help alleviate the capacity constraints and
infrastructure bottlenecks that have been restraining export volumes," Ms Kevans
says.

--- Some table/s accompanying this article cannot be reproduced in plain-text
format - please see the PDF of the page for details ---

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 6, 2015 Sunday

Power point

BYLINE: CRAIG D. REBER craig.reber@thmedia.com

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 580 words


who they are Timmerman's Talents LLC is a full-service installer of wind, solar
electric and solar hot water heating systems serving Wisconsin, Illinois,
Minnesota and Iowa. For more information, call 608-642-2262 or visit
timmermanstalents.com.

SHULLSBURG, Wis. - Two Shullsburg businesses are harnessing the power of the sun
to go green and save on energy costs.

Platteville-based Timmerman`s Talents recently installed a 20-kilowatt
photovoltaic system in Shullsburg on the corner of Wisconsin 11 and Water
Street. The system supplies electricity for two businesses - Shullsburg
Community Bank and Priority Insurance - owned by Benton State Bank.

The $66,000 project is projected to supply most of the energy needed at the two
buildings.

Installation began in mid-July and the panels have been providing electricity
for the past two weeks. Todd Timmerman, of Timmerman`s Talents, installed a
similar 20-kilowatt system at the Tennyson/Potosi Community Bank - a Benton
State Bank branch - in August 2010.

"We`ve monitored it and the ensuing report said it produced more energy than we
had anticipated," said Steve Malone, Benton State Bank president and chief
executive officer.

The decision to go green in Shullsburg was easy, he said.

"We decided it was a great opportunity to show the younger generation the need
for alternative energy," Malone said. "We feel a responsibility to do everything
we can for our shareholders and our communities. One of big things is obviously
to reduce the cost of energy. We think investing in alternative energy sources,
like solar, is a smart business investment.

"We encourage anybody interested in that type of energy - that`s a clean and
simple source - to pursue it. And we will continue to do loans for it."

Malone praised Timmerman`s work.

"He`s great to work with," Malone said. "He went out of his way to help us with
a grant that was instrumental to the project. He`s really in line with the
people he works with."

Benton State Bank received an $18,185 Rural Energy for America Program Grant to
install the solar panels. The electricity produced will offset power used at the
bank and the insurance buildings. The system will generate more than 35,000
kilowatt hours - about 80 percent of the energy needed for the two buildings.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture offers loans and grants for renewable energy
and energy efficiency systems through the REAP Program.

The program assists small businesses and agricultural producers in rural areas,
according to Brenda Heinen, of the USDA Rural Development department. Applicants
can apply for a grant that would cover up to 25 percent of the total project
costs. The competitive grants are scored and ranked.

Timmerman has been in business for 13 years and has installed more than 400
photovoltaic systems for homeowners and businesses. He said the City of
Shullsburg was "easy" to deal with in terms of zoning and permitting, and has
low utility rates.

"This is a major investment that you`ll never walk away from," Timmerman said.
"It`s a big draw for businesses looking to expand. With all the tax incentives
and grants, you`re looking at a four-year payback."

Timmerman complimented Malone.

"You just can`t ask for a better person to work with," he said. "I`m partial, I
bank there. I`m 44 and I`ve banked there since I was 18. Steve said, `This is
what I`m looking for,` and give me a time line. You stick to a time line and
we`re good to go. There were no problems - just good people to deal with."

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 11, 2000 Monday
                                  Late Edition

The tank: Managing the bush

BYLINE: Michael Chaney Michael Chaney is managing director of Wesfarmers Ltd.
Paul Kerin Dr Paul Kerin is vice-president and director of the Melbourne office
of at Kearney and a principal fellow at Melbourne Business School where he
teaches business strategy.

SECTION: BOSS; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 1489 words


The bush versus the rest is now a major theme in Australian political
discussion. How should business respond? ONE OF the pressing issues facing
Australia is how to retain jobs in rural areas at a time when global cost
pressures and technology are making many local

enterprises economically unviable. For companies, the decision seems
straightforward: when the business goes bad, it's time to get out of town. But
for the local community, the responses of business and government can be
crucial. We asked for ideas about just whose responsibility it is to keep jobs
in the bush - and how that can be made to happen. COMMENT: Michael Chaney At a
time when rural and regional Australia probably feels most threatened by change,
it may seem slightly bizarre to advocate, as I do, that its best hope for a
brighter future lies in accelerating the change process. I base this view on the
experience of our own company (Wesfarmers Limited) which, from the mid-1980s,
transformed itself from what it had been for 70 years - a farmers cooperative -
into one of the country's biggest industrial companies. Wesfarmers did this
through embracing change and capitalising on the

opportunities that change presented. The question is, how can we, through the
increased involvement of business in the bush, achieve a higher rate of economic
growth to help reduce rural poverty, unemployment and social disillusionment and
despair? There's no doubting the reality of these problems, but it's not all bad
news. There have been very real benefits to the bush from national economic
reform over the past couple of decades. Prices for essential commodities such as
power, telephone, fuel and freight services are all lower than they would
otherwise have been. The low-inflation environment and changes to the taxation
system have been or will be of direct benefit to rural Australians just as they

have been, overall, to city and suburban dwellers. Offsetting these pluses have
been low commodity prices and poor seasons combined with some historical trends
including under-investment in rural education and training, inadequate
infrastructure - especially communications facilities - and the negative impact
of excessive regulation on marketing rural

produce. These and other factors have slowed productivity growth, stifled
investment and reduced the ability of people to adapt to change. For instance,
the proportion of farmers with formal post-school education is less than half
that in the general population, yet demonstrably higher incomes are generated by
farm businesses that have people with tertiary agricultural qualifications. We
must, therefore, invest a lot more in the education and training of young
farmers. One way to do this is through initiatives such as the Nuffield Farming

Scholarship scheme, which can provide an attractive investment for farmers,
agribusinesses and governments. A key aspect in attracting business investment
is to guarantee the availability

of modern and efficient communications technology. Regrettably, with respect
particularly to telephone services, rural Australia is not served well enough.
This has happened in a regulated environment and there is simply no
justification for not ending the public ownership of our main telephony service

provider. We should see the provision of telephone and linked services to rural
Australia as a business opportunity to provide better service, not a community
service "obligation". There also needs to be the opportunity to develop one or
more world-scale agribusiness operations. Our failure so far to achieve this -
or to establish a

world-scale life sciences business - has its roots in the traditional approach

of vesting marketing and rural research in the public sector. The clear benefits
of deregulation are now showing up in the wool industry and will become evident,
I believe, in dairying following recent changes. But questionable controls
remain in export markets for commodities such as grain and sugar. While the
"single desk" approach might be attractive in some circumstances, it is simply
part of the hangover of unduly restrictive Australian statutory arrangements.
Rural services companies need to be global in scope and multi-product entities
with freedom to merge and expand to other countries. The development of strong
and progressive agribusiness has a twofold advantage for rural and regional
Australia - it contributes directly by adding value to farming and, as a
vibrant, labour-intensive service industry, it generates increased income and
employment. As an example, our Dalgety business has embraced internet technology
that allows producers to purchase online and open new opportunities. And
technology is helping decentralisation, with our NSW management team operating
out of Dubbo - something impossible without access to modern communications
facilities. In summary, put greater resources into rural education and modern
communications infrastructure, and remove unnecessary, efficiency-numbing
impediments to growth.

COMMENT: Paul Kerin WHAT SHOULD governments do to create or save jobs in
regional areas? The first step must be to examine carefully whether any action
is warranted at all. The market does, in fact, often deliver outcomes consistent
with the social good; just as it would have been crazy for the government to
prop up candle makers after electric light became available, governments should
think very carefully about propping up particular businesses. Furthermore, even
when markets fail to meet community interests, we should not forget that
governments can also fail miserably. South Australians can still recall the
taxpayer money wasted in attempts to promote the regional centre of Monarto and
the notorious Multi-Function Polis, while wool growers are still recovering from
the enormous wool stockpile that resulted from a simplistic attempt to interfere
with market forces. Nevertheless, government actions can be warranted when
communities are threatened. Professor Ross Gittell, a leading authority on
community revitalisation programs, has studied many US towns which have been
badly hurt by structural changes in the economy, particularly in the
manufacturing sector.

One of his key findings is that government initiatives, such as subsidies, do
not represent money well spent unless they are targeted towards building the
skills and capabilities of individuals. That is, if a subsidy's purpose is
simply to keep a business going and doing more of the same, it is a waste of
money. Gittell argues that, instead of betting on industries or businesses,
governments should invest directly in individuals and their skills. One way in
which governments can help to build individual skills is by overcoming what
economists call the "free-rider problem"; as an example, an individual business
may decide not to invest in training and education for its staff and instead
"free-ride" by poaching staff that have been trained by other

businesses. This problem is particularly acute in relation to "new age" skills,
such as computer engineering and web design, as the mobility of staff possessing
these skills is so high. In a struggling country town with an uncertain future,
individual businesses are likely to avoid risky investments, so the free-rider
problem can become severe and exacerbate the downwards spiral. In these cases,
direct government incentives to workers or businesses may be warranted to
overcome the under-investment problem and break out of the vicious circle.
Gittell also believes it is important to develop the capabilities (eg.
organisational, political and human) of local communities to engage in effective
economic development planning and implementation. For example, better

planning skills can help communities and local businesses identify competitive

advantages and establish stronger competitive positions. Local communities also
need to develop partnering capabilities to enable them to work effectively with
the private sector and educational institutions on long-term economic issues
such as education, training and infrastructure development (eg.
telecommunications and transportation) - all of which can be stifled by the
free-rider problem in the absence of partnering. A warning note. It is certainly
true that governments and local communities face very tough choices when local
businesses are threatened. However, we must be very careful to ensure there is a
sufficiently strong case for intervention - and the intervention is carefully
designed so it actually achieves its objectives. Otherwise, as Gittell warns, we
may take actions that appear to help individuals and communities in the
short-term but which end up hurting them in the longer-term. TABLES : ON THE WEB
The debate doesn't end here. Check out other topics covered in The Tank on our
website, www.boss.afr.com.au August: Selling online July: Loyalty June:
Leadership May: Teams April: Reinventing

business March: Innovation

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: ON THE WEB

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2000 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            April 2, 2003 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Trade hole to put drag on growth

BYLINE: Matt Wade

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 447 words


Another gaping trade deficit and a slump in building approvals in February point
to slower economic growth in the months ahead.

A sharp fall in non-rural exports contributed to a $1.9billion blow-out in the
February trade balance, as the lagging world economy hurt exporters. It was the
15th deficit in a row and the third biggest on record, suggesting Australia's
trade performance will be a big drag on growth in the March quarter.

The latest trade blow-out follows the record deficit of $3.03billion in
December, and foreshadowed a significant deficit in the March quarter current
account deficit.

Exports dropped 6.2 per cent in February, driven by a $819million, or 10 per
cent, fall in non-rural exports. Imports fell 1.7 per cent, but were up 7.7 per
cent compared with a year ago.

The chief economist of the Commonwealth Bank, Michael Blythe, said trade
blowouts in the order of $1 billion to $2 billion were set to persist for some
time.

"The sticky mix of drought, weak global demand, firm domestic demand and
aircraft imports are cooking up large trade deficits," he said.

The Treasurer, Peter Costello, blamed the weak world economy for the fall in
exports, but he found some positive signs in the import figures.

"Imports of capital goods remained strong, reflecting the strength of domestic
business investment spending," he said.

Mr Costello, who will deliver the federal budget next month during a weakening
economy, indicated that funding Australia's "very expensive" military deployment
in the Gulf was a greater priority than maintaining a surplus.

"The first priority ... when you have your servicemen and women engaged in a
theatre of war is to ensure that they are adequately supported," he said.

Mr Costello has signalled that next year's forecast surplus of $4.9billion will
be affected by the war effort.

The housing sector eased again in February, with building approvals down 4 per
cent, following January's 2.1 per cent fall. Approvals were 3.1 per cent below
the same time last year.

A 12 per cent slump in approvals for units and townhouses led the February fall,
although house approvalsere down just 0.3 per cent.

Master Builders Australia, which represents the building and construction
industry, said all leading indicators of housing activity pointed to lower
activity in coming months.

But the reduction in new residential work was being offset by a strong
renovation market, in which approvals jumped 9.9 per cent in February to their
highest in five months.

Economists said the evidence pointed to slower growth this year.

The figures were released as the Reserve Bank board met to consider interest
rates. Analysts believe they will be left unchanged this month.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2003 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

'Budget a step in right direction'

BYLINE: ramesh chand

LENGTH: 621  words


The agriculture sector and farmers are facing a difficult period. The average
annual growth rate of value added in agriculture has dropped to 1.8% during the
first four years of the 12th Plan, and prices of most of crops received by
farmers have remained depressed despite poor harvest during 2014-15 and 2015-16.

The country is facing adverse weather, including deficient rainfall, for the
fourth season in a row. This has led to a sharp slowdown in farm incomes, and
also caused concerns about food security and the sector's future.

The sector needs reforms, new policy initiatives, increased private sector
participation, higher investments, competitive markets, new forms of
institutions and mechanisms, and science-based modernisation. This is a tall
order for a single budget, but it can set the direction for change.

Watch video: The Big Picture Of Arun Jaitley's Budget 2016
(http://youtu.be/DJ8oMCnSAkI)

The Finance Minister's budget speech indicates the Centre's seriousness to fix
problems facing the farm sector and put it on a trajectory of sustainable,
stable growth. Major initiatives focus on irrigation, risk cover and
compensation for crop losses, remunerative prices for farmers, enhanced supply
of institutional credit, increase in market competitiveness, convergence of
MGNREGA with PMKSY, promotion of organic farming, raising production of pulses,
creation of rural infrastructure and linking agriculture to non-agriculture
through Rurban growth clusters.

The budget has accorded highest priority to agriculture infrastructure. It
proposes to give a thrust to public investments to expand irrigation, harness
traditional water resources, develop rural roads and electrification, create
warehouses and develop and upgrade agri markets.

The government has also announced that the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana will
be implemented from kharif 2016-17. The new scheme involves lesser premium by
farmers, expansion in coverage of loss, higher claims and increased penetration.

Agriculture markets in India are fragmented and suffer from poor
competitiveness, low efficiency and low scale. A unified agricultural marketing
e-platform requires states to undertake major market reforms. This will
modernise market operations and bring competitive prices to farmers. Benefits to
farmers are already evident from markets in Karnataka operating under the
e-platform.

In tune with concerns raised in the Economic Survey, the budget recognises the
need to break stagnation in production of pulses and announces incentives in the
form of price guarantee for pulses such as paddy and wheat.

That the solution to many agricultural problems lies outside agriculture has
been ignored till now. There is a need to take agri-business investments as well
as agro-based industry and services to rural areas to provide employment to farm
workers outside of agriculture. This is the only way to double income of farm
workers.

The budget has included major initiatives to transform agriculture and raise
farm income, but it seems to have missed some small but key aspects such as
agricultural R&D and technology, extension system, seeds sector, farm
mechanisation and land lease reforms.

The biggest challenge to implementing budgetary proposals and getting desired
results is active participation from states. Agricultural marketing,
digitisation of land records, implementation of crop insurance and development
of irrigation comes under the purview of states, while public investments,
resource allocation, credit, investments, trade policy and MSP are decided by
the Centre. Unless the Centre and states work together in the true spirit of
cooperative federalism to achieve agricultural transformation, the goal will
remain half met.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                August 03, 2009
                              Business Day Edition

State should concentrate efforts on developing smaller towns

BYLINE: Amy Musgrave

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 766  words


State should concentrate efforts on developing smaller towns

Rural population must be uplifted in poverty fight, writes

IF THE government is serious about truly denting SA's high poverty levels, it
needs to start finding effective ways to economically uplift the population of
SA's small towns.

In SA, and across the globe, the economic significance of small and medium-sized
towns is often ignored, with governments instead pumping resources into metro
areas and other large centres.

However, a group of academics has established a committee to investigate the
advantages of small town development, which they say is an important link to the
development of rural regions.

The work by the Academy of Science of SA committee on science for poverty
alleviation is of special significance for the new administration as it has
earmarked rural development as one of its key priorities for the next five
years.

The poorest live in the country's rural areas and former Bantustans which were
largely neglected by the former regime. Due to migration to the urban areas, the
government has largely focused its minimal resources on urban development,
although often not in the best way.

The committee, which recently held a workshop, looked at macro-indicators with
regards to the distribution of poverty in the country and attempted to
understand the effect that small town economic development could have on
providing sustainable livelihoods.

They say that the outcome of the workshop is not a strategy, but instead a
methodology on how economic development in small towns can be achieved.

It is meant to help guide the national strategy on the issue, and the committee
was formed at the request of the Department of Science and Technology.

On small town development, a document says that promoting such development faces
a major dilemma for a number of reasons, including that they are extremely
diverse, with widely different types of economic bases and with very different
economic fortunes.

Consequently the scope for a second economy in towns varies greatly, and there
is no "one size fits all" solution for small towns.

".... it is critical that government departments examine the impact of their
expenditure on small towns," reads the document drawn up by Prof Doreen Atkinson
from the Centre for Development Support at the University of the Free State.

Government departments have so far recognised the priorities faced by small
towns, but the strategy needs work.

"However, government spending needs to operate on a more strategic spatial
basis, to create productive investments in small and medium-sized towns. Such
expenditure will help to create the local surpluses which are required for
second economy operators to connect with the formal economy," the committee
says. "In addition, the right kind of business support services in small towns
need to be provided, with a particular emphasis on creating effective linkages
between emergent entrepreneurs and formal businesses and investments.

"A much more strategic regional approach should be considered, based on regional
similarities and potential advantages. Public funding may be necessary to
investigate such economic potential, and to facilitate the creation of regional
public and private networks to attract investment to small and medium-sized
towns."

The workshop also looked at effective land use management needed to increase
access of the poor to land. The government's goal is to transfer 30% of farmland
to black ownership by 2014. One of the concerns is that much of the land so far
transferred has not been put to good use because of a lack of training.

To add fuel to fire, many towns are battling to overcome the spatial legacy of
apartheid, and often there is a lack of municipal control over land for various
reasons. These include traditional authorities owning land, mining and
manufacturing companies dominating in some municipalities, private development
approved at a provincial level and the power of provinces undermining spatial
development at a local level.

"Many small towns are experiencing explosive growth that is not being managed
appropriately in planning or implementation. There is evidence of fragmented and
unsustainable land-extensive development that results in the poor being located
far from town. In many cases the size of the municipality relative to other
institutions means they do not have effective control over their own land
management."

musgravea@bdfm.co.za

LAND EMPOWERMENT: Khanyi Mvandaba stands on farmland, part of a R5m investment
which will harvest as much as R7,5m this season alone. Picture: GARY HORLOR

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Express and Echo (Exeter)

                             July 15, 2010 Thursday

RDA euro-funded cuts will hit SW;
A grant advisor has warned that fall out from the RDA- administrated European
funding schemes halt, will have an impact regionally.

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 195  words


David Armstrong of chartered accountants Francis Clark said that  the South West
would suffer.

Following, the coalition Government's moratorium on all  Regional Development
Agencies nationwide halting the issue of  any more grant funding offers, he
said: "It appears to covers all  grant schemes administered by the RDA including
Grant for  Business Investment, Rural Development Programme for England, and
Convergence and Competitiveness Funding. All of the  South West is affected."

Mr Armstrong said that, despite imminent public sector funding  cuts and
continued speculation over and the future of the RDAs,  the Government's move
appeared to be "a knee jerk reaction from  Whitehall".

He said: "However, unique to SWRDA, the majority of its funding  for these grant
schemes is European funding, not UK Government  and therefore there is a strong
case for it to be excluded  from the moratorium.

"SWRDA is believed to be under legal obligation to deliver this  funding. You
have to have some sympathy with their predicament. They are presented with a
situation where projects are being  delayed until further guidance is provided -
which currently is not  forthcoming."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 63


                        Copyright 2010 Express and Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            November 28, 1986 Friday
                                  Late Edition

LINI DEFENDS PARTY'S FOREIGN POLICY MOVES

BYLINE: Source: Australian Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 182 words


VILA, Thursday: Vanuatu's Prime Minister, Father Walter Lini, has denied that
his Government's foreign policy is to blame for the country's economic troubles.

He was commenting on an address to Parliament by President Ati George Sokomanu,
who said problems in trade, rural development, employment and business
investment were due to the ruling Vanuaaku Pati's foreign policy.

Denying this, Father Lini said the Government's policy of non-alignment
coincided with its establishment of diplomatic relations with the Soviet Union,
the United States and Libya.

The Vanuaaku Pati congress had approved the foreign policy, he said, meaning
that 75 per cent of the population was behind it.

Father Lini said Vanuatu's trading was too one-sided. According to the Vanuatu
Weekly, he said, the country "was unable to determine the prices of its exported
products, unlike those countries which sold to Vanuatu".

For this reason there was a gap between exports and imports in money terms.
Father Lini listed achievements by his Government since independence in 1980 in
the fields of local government and education.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1986 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           September 20, 1994 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Declare drought, say farmers

BYLINE: NICOLE BRADY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 409 words


Victorian farmers yesterday urged the State Government to declare some northern
regions drought-stricken.

The director of the Victorian Farmers Federation's grains group, Mr Peter Cook,
said the eastern Mallee and Yarrawonga districts were already suffering from the
effects of a dry winter.

"By the end of this week it wouldn't surprise me if a number of municipalities
applied (to be drought-declared)," Mr Cook said.

But a spokesman for the state Agriculture Minister, Mr McGrath, said the
Government, which had been closely monitoring the situation, had not yet
considered drought declarations.

Mr McGrath yesterday met the drought advisory committee, where Bureau of
Meteorology officials and industry representatives aired concerns about the dry
spell forecast to continue throughout spring.

Despite widespread rainfall across Victoria during the weekend, farmers said
most areas north of the Divide received little, if any, relief. Although 83 per
cent of New South Wales and one-third of Queensland have been drought-declared,
no parts of Victoria have yet been officially declared.

Under the National Drought Policy established in 1992, state governments apply
to the Federal Government for aid to drought- affected farmers. Once such
applications have been accepted, farmers can apply for special-circumstance
provisions as part of the Rural Adjustment Scheme.

The scheme has been criticised for its strict acceptance criteria, and the
federal Minister for Primary Industries, Senator Collins, is expected to propose
the relaxation of some criteria as part of a drought-relief submission to
Cabinet tomorrow.

Senator Collins is holding a meeting with state agriculture ministers on Friday,
at which Mr McGrath will discuss provisions for Victorian farmers.

"The key issue will be for us to make the Federal Government aware that in
Victoria drought conditions differ to NSW and Queensland. We have higher
stocking rates and if we don't get rain soon then things could turn bad very
quickly," the spokesman said.

Meanwhile, the Premier, Mr Kennett, yesterday launched an information package,
"Country Victoria - Open for Business", which is aimed at increasing business
investment in rural areas.

At the launch, Mr Kennett said he was aware many country people felt they had
been unfairly burdened by the Government's economic reform.

"There are some that feel our corrective measures have been one-sided and I can
only assure you that isn't the case," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1994 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

Brexit concerns and rural development main focus of Union cross border meeting

LENGTH: 485  words


Concerns around the impact of the UK leaving the EU and key Rural Development
Programme policy issues were the main focus of a recent meeting between the
Ulster Farmers' Union and the Irish Farmers' Union (IFA).

UFU deputy president, Victor Chestnutt said: "Given that the farmers in the
south are our closest neighbours, understandably there are common concerns that
will affect everyone on this island and perhaps the most prominent issue at the
minute is the impact of Brexit."

Mr Chestnutt went on to highlight that historically there have been strong links
between the farming industries north and south of the border and that over the
years this trade has been hugely important' in developing agri-food into the
largest industry in each of the respective economies.

"Any future trade negotiations between the UK and the EU must take this into
consideration," he said.

The cross border meeting was also an opportunity to discuss key areas of the
Rural Development Programme, in particular concerns in relation to the areas of
natural constraint (ANC) designation.

"I think it is clear that the EU requirement to designate an ANC is yet another
example of how a one size fits all policy does not work in practise," said Mr
Chestnutt. "The ANC maps that have been drafted by DAERA do not accurately
reflect the true areas of natural constraint and this goes against the very
principles of the EU regulation, which is to define disadvantaged areas that
require additional support.  We don't believe DAERA is entirely to blame for
this, such is the complexity of this process, however in the context of the
circumstances surrounding Brexit we would now strongly question whether this
requirement should be relevant anymore," he said.

Mr Chestnutt continued: "Farmers have become accustomed to the existing severely
disadvantaged areas map and we see no reason to change. This is an early
opportunity for the DAERA Minister to make a break from EU regulations by
challenging the Commission on this requirement.  Pushing for a derogation or at
worst seeking an extension on the date we are due to designate by would reduce
the burden for both farmers and DAERA, allowing us to concentrate on more
important priorities such as trade."

At the meeting the UFU also discussed the farm investment scheme (TAMS) that is
operating in ROI. Fencing has been a key addition to TAMS, such is the appetite
to improve livestock and grassland management in the south. Mr Chestnutt noted
that this appetite exists amongst farmers in Northern Ireland as well.

"As farmers in NI have demonstrated a keen interest to include fencing in the
Farm Business Investment Scheme, we now need DAERA to make sure that this option
is made available. A fencing scheme which delivers appropriate levels of funding
for long lasting fencing products is essential if we are to help make our
livestock sector more sustainable," said Mr Chestnutt.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                          December 12, 1996, Thursday

YEAR OF GROWTH TIPPED FOR STATE

SOURCE: QNP

LENGTH: 416 words


KEYWORD-HIT

Year of growth

tipped for state

THE state Budget forecast of 4 per

cent growth this financial year is likely

to be achieved because of the improving economy, according to

Queensland Treasury's economic review

for the September quarter.

Treasurer Joan Sheldon said the review contained proof that the

economy was bouncing back in the key areas of business investment and

housing and construction.

The predicted 4 per

cent growth compared with 2.8 per

cent last financial year, which was well below the 5.8 per

cent achieved in 1994-95, she said.

""The return to solid growth will be underpinned by improved retail

spending, stronger growth in business investment, a turnaround in the

home construction industry, higher rural exports and the impact of the

state's $1.6 bil

lion infrastructure rejuvenation

package," Mrs Sheldon said.

""The bottom-line benefit of this improvement

will be more jobs."

Since the review was prepared, another

assessment by Access Economics had revised the forecast economic

growth from 4.2 per

cent to 5.2 per

cent.

According to the Treasury review, private-sector engineering

construction in Queensland during the June quarter totalled $259 mil

lion, an increase

of 27 per

cent on the same period

last year.

Work yet to be done by the private sector was valued at $421 mil

lion, up 32 per

cent.

""This indicates further strong investment is likely," Mrs Sheldon

said.

The outloook for the home construction industry also was brighter,

with the most recent data suggesting that dwelling investment had

bottomed and would increase.

""For example, new home starts rose for the second consecutive

quarter in June, up 3.1 per

cent which compares with a national rise of just 0.3 per

cent," Mrs Sheldon said.

""Building approvals are also recovering with the third consecutive

quarterly increase achieved in September, up 1.8 per

cent compared with 0.4 per

cent nationally."

The improvement in non-

residential construction had contributed to a 4 per

cent increase in business investment in the June quarter.

This compared with a national rise in business investment of 3.8

per

cent.

Mrs Sheldon said the Treasury analysis

showed the construction industry had made a positive impact on

employment, with 3200 jobs created in the September quarter.

""This is very encouraging, given that it is the first improvement

in jobs in the construction industry since March 1995," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Telegraph Herald

                              May 11, 2001 Friday

Group targets $50 million for rural Iowa investments; Venture capital: Effort is
aimed at Midwest where funding rarely flows

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. a11

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES


A new investment group is assembling a $$ @50 million pool of venture capital
targeted toward start-up companies in Iowa, business leaders were told Thursday.

The funding is part of a five-state, $$ @150 million investment effort aimed at
"flyover America" - Midwestern states where venture capital rarely flows, said
David Wilhelm, a Chicago-based financial manager.

"The challenges that rural America faces is a financial one," Wilhelm told state
officials and potential investors. "Seventy percent of all venture capital went
to California and 70 percent of that went to Silicon Valley."

Wilhelm said his goal is to "break through the networks that are at work at
present" and target the nation's heartland for venture capital investments. The
idea is to raise $$ @20 million to $$ @50 million for Iowa start-up companies,
which could leverage another $$ @30 million to help other new businesses get off
the ground.

"Money follows money, and success follows success," Wilhelm said.

The Midwest effort will target companies in Iowa, Illinois, Ohio, Wisconsin and
Indiana, and staffers will be hired in all of those states to begin building
connections to local investment networks, he said.

"Our strategy is a bottom-up strategy," Wilhelm said.

Wilhelm met with the Iowa Venture Network, a group of business leaders assembled
by the state's Department of Economic Development. It brings potential investors
together with new businesses on a regular basis to hear pitches for money from
entrepreneurs looking to start or expand. They generally come from high-tech
companies rooted in the state's universities.

On Thursday, they heard pitches from companies ranging from biotech to imaging
technology to film production. While the group doesn't make grants, it allows
start-up companies to begin building links to the financial community that can
be key to survival.

Wilhelm's effort could dramatically expand the venture capital effort in Iowa,
and he said he's already hired staff to begin building the Iowa operation. The
new group is called Hopewell Ventures, and the presentation was broadcast to 15
sites around Iowa on the state's fiber-optic teleconferencing network.

Gov. Tom Vilsack underscored his commitment to the effort by showing up to
introduce Wilhelm. Vilsack said expanding venture capital efforts is crucial to
the state because it's the only way to begin creating new high-tech companies
that can diversify the state's farm-based economy.

The governor this year sought a new tax incentive designed to spark the creation
of venture capital funds, but lawmakers rejected that proposal.

"This is one of the more frustrating aspects of my job," the governor said. "I
wish I could report to you that there was a more successful legislative
session."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 22, 2007 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Coalition offers incentive to lure people to bush;
RURAL BOOST - DECISION '07

BYLINE: Jonathan Pearlman

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 365 words


CITY dwellers will be encouraged to make a "sea change or tree change" to small
towns and the bush under a Coalition plan to boost regional growth.

The Deputy Prime Minister, Mark Vaile, said yesterday a Coalition government
would give matching grants to rural and regional towns that try to attract
"migrants" from the cities.

"Urban drift, technological and industry change have created challenges for
regional communities and many are crying out for new residents and business
investment," he said.

"Helping regional communities to attract migrants from the cities will deliver
benefits for all: more affordable housing for families from the cities,
population and economic growth for regional towns and better use of this
country's environmental resources."

Mr Vaile, the leader of the Nationals, said the $5 million scheme, called Make
the Move, would provide grants for projects that encourage people or businesses
to live and work outside the main cities.

"These projects could take the form of co-ordinated promotional campaigns, expos
or major regional attraction events," he said.

In a speech in the city yesterday, Mr Vaile compared Labor to burglars who were
trying to steal the wealth created by the Coalition.

"We cannot allow a bunch of burglars to slip through the side window and steal
the family jewels now that we have created them," Mr Vaile said while
introducing John Howard at a fund-raising lunch. "It's taken a lot of hard work,
it's taken an enormous amount of discipline by the entire nation but it's been
because the nation has been incredibly well led ... It's been a bloody hard job
for everybody in this country."

Mr Vaile then switched to cricketing metaphors, saying Kevin Rudd was a "rookie
fieldsman" while Mr Howard was the "only one pair of safe hands that can lead
this country".

"When you have just brought on your fastest bowler and he's taken the new ball,
you don't bring the rookie fieldsman up from deep fine leg and put him in the
first slip," he said.

"You put your safest pair of hands in at first slip to take that edge - and just
so with our economy ... We need proven safe hands to carry forward the
prosperity that we have generated in this country."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON: By Cathy Wilcox

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Kamloops Daily News (British Columbia)

                             June 27, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Rural B.C. beats urban economy

BYLINE: Cam Fortems, The Daily News

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 477  words


After years of looking enviously at job growth, robust construction and business
start-ups in the Lower Mainland and Victoria, rural B.C. is beating the big
guys.

A report released last week by the B.C. Progress Board gathers the numbers to
prove a feeling enjoyed in the Interior and North -- things are hot and growing,
to borrow a phrase from the city's former economic development arm, KEDCO.

The progress board is a creation of B.C. Premier Gordon Campbell that's
consistently shown bright ideas and fair tracking of this province's successes
and weaknesses compared to other Canadian provinces and jurisdictions among the
countries of the developed world. Buoyed by commodity prices, housing demand and
business investment this province has improved its performance on the board's
six-pointed star. Each of those points represents a key indicator -- health,
education and economy, for example.

Since 2001, the province improved a weak position relative to other provinces in
economy, innovation and education to a middling to strong position in 2005.

In a special breakout report this month, the progress board compared the economy
in what it calls regional B.C., that is everything outside Greater Vancouver,
Fraser Valley and Capital (Victoria area) Regional District, to the urban areas.

In all measures, regional B.C. bested performance of the large urban centres:
housing starts, business incorporations, population growth and employment
growth. It's a dramatic turnaround from 2001, when employment growth in regional
B.C. was declined two per cent and there was no population growth.

These numbers are heartening for the B.C. Liberal government, which coined the
heartland term when it came to office and promised to improve its economy.

While the numbers are impressive the report doesn't break out the disparate
economies of regional B.C. With a relatively small overall population base, the
economies of gas-powered Peace River, the Okanagan and Kamloops are pushing the
numbers.

Charlie Wyse, the MLA for South Cariboo, noted in an interview Thursday that a
report by the Chartered Accountants Association of B.C. for his region showed
job and population loss for the truly rural area. The same can be said for
northern Vancouver Island and the North Coast.

It's also clear that some of the boom is driven in the Interior and North by a
timber harvest of trees killed by pine beetle. The pain of the eventual
reduction in cut is yet to be felt. Today's commodity boom will lead to an
inevitable bust, which will challenge regional B.C. to a much greater degree
than the large urban centres.

With growth in jobs, business and population, the challenge for regional B.C. is
capitalizing on the good times and making strategic investments in marketing and
infrastructure to ensure small cities don't find themselves mired back where
they were five years ago.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Kamloops Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Wally Beyer

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 877 words


Wally Beyer, 84, Coon Rapids, Minn., formerly of Velva and Bismarck, died
peacefully at Autumn Glen Senior Living, Coon Rapids, on March 27, 2015.
Services will be held at 11 a.m. Wednesday, April 1, at Good Shepherd Lutheran
Church, Bismarck. Burial will be at North Dakota Veterans Cemetery, Mandan.

Visitation will be held one hour prior to the start of the service at the
church.

Wally was born Sept. 22, 1930, in Appleton, Minn., the son of Leo and Anne
(Melby) Beyer. He attended school in Minot and Makoti, graduating from Makoti
High School in 1948. Later, he attended and graduated in 1958 from Wahpeton
State School of Science with degrees in refrigeration and air conditioning and
electrical technology.

Wally enlisted in the U.S. Air Force in 1950, serving as a staff sergeant until
1954 when he was honorably discharged.

On June 26, 1955, in Makoti, he married Patricia Shaw. Together, they had three
children. Patsy passed away in February 2007. Wally married Mary Joyce
Fitzpatrick-Beyer Dec. 6, 2008, and they resided in Coon Rapid, Minn.

In 1963, Wally began working at Verendrye Electric Cooperative as a draftsman;
in 1968 he became the general manager of Verendrye Electric, serving in that
capacity for the next 25 years. During his 30 years in Velva, Wally was involved
in many community activities, including Velva Association of Commerce, Velva
Area Development Corporation, Velva Lions Club, Velva Area Toastmaster, Velva
Park Commission, Verendrye Electric Housing Development Corporation, North
Prairie Rural Water Association organizing task force, Minot Area Development
Corporation, Minot Mayor's Airport Task Force Committee, Minot Mayor's Veteran's
Hospital Task Force Committee, Seventh District Democratic/NPL Party chairman
and Minot Task Force '96 chairman. He was an active member of Oak Valley
Lutheran Church, serving on the church council and leading several Bible study
groups.

Wally's involvement extended beyond the local community. He was considered a
"Champion of Rural America." He served in a leadership capacity in many state
and national organizations, including the National Rural Electric Cooperative
Association, North Dakota Rural Electric Managers Association, North Dakota
Energy Association, North Dakota State Development Corporation, North Dakota
Business and Industrial Development Department, North Dakota Economic
Development Commission, Flower Power, Inc., Myron G. Nelson Venture Capital
Fund, Growing North Dakota Committee, Roughrider Equity Development Corporation,
North Dakota Future Fund, North Dakota Technology Transfer, Inc., and North
Dakota Small Business Investment Company.

In 1993, Wally was sworn in as the administrator of the Rural Electrification
Administration in Washington, D.C., where he served under the Clinton
Administration for six years. He worked diligently to keep services not only
convenient, but affordable for those living in rural areas. Under his
administration, the REA Agency was later expanded to the Rural Utility Service
(RUS). This presidential appointment was the pinnacle of his career. He will be
remembered for his efforts to keep the lights on for rural America.

After Wally retired from RUS, he and Patsy lived in Bismarck, where he once
again spent countless hours on his yard. He was an active member of Good
Shepherd Lutheran Church. In 2002, he was elected to serve on the National
Exchange Carriers Association Board (NECA). He served in this capacity until
2012. Wally also served as a board member on the North Dakota State Historical
Society Foundation Board, where he spent tireless hours raising money for the
Heritage Center Expansion Project.

Wally will be remembered for his diverse interests. He had a generous heart and
a kind spirit. He proudly raised his family on a hobby farm north of Velva,
where he spent many hours manicuring the yard, trimming trees and teaching his
kids about the importance of a good work ethic. He always had a lesson to teach,
a story to tell, or a bit of history to share with whoever came to visit. He
spent many hours in the saddle trail riding in the badlands, as that was a
frequent family trip. Wally was an avid collector of antiques and especially
enjoyed collecting old irons, history books, train memorabilia and antique cars.
He didn't miss the opportunity to drive his cars and No. 3 Coop tractor in the
Makoti Threshing Show parade each October. He was a gracious host and enjoyed
hosting guests while living in Washington, D.C. He prided himself in planning as
many sightseeing opportunities as time would permit in a day so that his guests
would not miss out on the culture and history of our nation's Capital. He will
be greatly missed by his family and friends.

He is survived by his wife, Joyce; two daughters, Wanda (Tom) Selzler,
Hettinger, and Janelle (Garland) Wiedrich, Rolla; one son, Jonathon (Jennifer)
Beyer, Denver, Colo.; one sister, Phyllis (Jim) Imand, California; five
grandchildren; two great-grandchildren; and many nieces and nephews.

He was preceded in death by his wife, Patsy; his parents, Leo and Anne Beyer;
and one brother, Richard Beyer.

Those wishing to sign the online register book or leave a message of condolence
please go to www.bismarckfuneralhome.com. (Bismarck Funeral Home)

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                     Herald

                            December 12, 1988 Monday

Economy to stay healthy: studies

SECTION: HERALD BUSINESS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 270 words


Several economic reports just released suggest the economy is heading for a
relatively soft landing despite the savage tightening of monetary policy.

The National Australia Bank has predicted real growth in business investment of
10 per cent, despite a fall in real business investment in the September
quarter.

The bank's monthly publication on economic conditions and outlooks, The Economy,
said the housing sector had reached its peak and would moderate in 1989.

However, housing activity was likely to remain relatively strong.

The bank also predicted a marked improvement in the November trade deficit, as
rural volumes recovered and import demand eased from recent high levels.

It forecast a November current account deficit of $1 billion, down from $1.7
billion in October.

A report by the Confederation of Australian Industry (CAI) and Westpac Banking
Corporation said 68 per cent of manufacturers taking part expected to improve
profits during the next 12 months.

However, the report sounded a note of caution that the expected expansion of
industrial capacity stemming from new investment might not be matched by demand,
leading to the risk of over-supply.

The Westpac report response by companies indicated they expected: A tightening
in labor and capacity.

Strong growth in output.

A decline in export deliveries.

A further increase in new orders but expectations of a marked slackening off
over the next quarter.

The State Bank of Victoria's Natstat leading indicator was weaker for December
on the back of the housing market and higher mortgage rates.

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHD

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

White House to start $10 billion farm fund;
Vehicle to provide way for large investors to put money in rural projects

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 626 words

ABSTRACT

The Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund will give pension funds and large
investors the opportunity to invest in agricultural projects.

FULL TEXT

Wall Street is looking for ways to invest in America's heartland, and the
government is ready to play matchmaker.

The White House Rural Council will announce plans on Thursday to start a $10
billion investment fund that will give pension funds and large investors the
opportunity to invest in agricultural projects. Those include wastewater
systems, energy projects and infrastructure development in rural America.

''We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment,'' the
agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack, said, referring to the online dating
service.

''We're going to be a connector,'' he added. ''This is a new role for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.''

The fund, called the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, will be backed by
CoBank, a cooperative bank and a member of the Farm Credit System, a
government-sponsored network of banks that lend to the agriculture industry.
CoBank has committed the first $10 billion to the fund.

Capitol Peak Asset Management, an investment firm, will manage the fund's
investments and the Agriculture Department will help find projects for the fund.
Investors will be able to make debt and equity investments in individual and
bundled projects. They will earn returns on their principal investments along
with interest.

The move comes as pension funds and institutional investors, faced with few
investment opportunities that yield high returns in the face of low interest
rates, have begun to shift large amounts of money into less traditional
investments that promise bigger returns like hedge funds and private equity
firms. Flows into the hedge fund industry from institutional investors are at
all-time highs. Faced with what he described as ''extraordinary'' demand from
local communities in rural America for capital, Mr. Vilsack last year enlisted
the help of Matthew McKenna, a former executive at PepsiCo, to help find a way
to attract Wall Street and large institutional investors. Through the process,
Mr. McKenna discovered that investors with big war chests were interested in
making investments in more than just one or two individual projects at a time.

As a result, the fund will offer investors the opportunity to put money into
bundled projects. One specific area where investment is needed is in California,
Mr. Vilsack said, where the state is facing one of its most severe droughts on
record. ''There is a business opportunity there because people will pay for
water,'' he added.

Since the 2008 financial crisis, large pools of pension money have flowed
directly into farmland and agricultural investments. Some Wall Street investors
are trying their hand at creating different ways to tap demand from both large
pension funds and individual investors.

One group of investors has begun to buy farmland through real estate investment
trusts - including the American Farmland Company, Farmland Partners and the
Gladstone Land Corporation - that combine crops and land into an asset class for
ordinary investors to buy.

So strong is the demand from some corners of the financial world that
agricultural conferences once attended mostly by farmers and others in related
fields are now crowded with institutional investors, venture capitalists and
hedge fund managers.

Mr. Vilsack will announce the new Rural Infrastructure fund on Thursday at a
conference in Washington. Nearly 600 financial executives, investors and
government officials have convened for the White House's Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. The list of speakers for the event includes Treasury
Secretary Jacob J. Lew and Ken Wilson, vice chairman of BlackRock.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       July 31, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Federal, Provincial Governments Support Stephenville Airport Corporation
Marketing Initiative

LENGTH: 224  words


July 31 -- Goverment of Canada issued the following news release:

Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency

The Stephenville Airport Corporation is implementing a three year strategic
business plan thanks in part to investments by the federal and provincial
governments.

The announcement was made today by the Honourable Rob Moore, Regional Minister
for Newfoundland and Labrador and Minister of State (Atlantic Canada
Opportunities Agency), and the Honourable Susan Sullivan, Minister of
Innovation, Business and Rural Development.

The Airport Corporation will use this funding for costs associated with
implementing its strategic plan and long term business investment and attraction
activities.  Currently there are a broad range of industrial developments
occurring in the Stephenville region that present the Corporation with the
opportunity to forge new and beneficial industrial partnerships.

Executing tactical business activities will allow the Corporation to diversify
its revenue stream and establish a viable operation with respect to air services
and related business development opportunities.

Disclaimer: The full release can be found at
http://news.gc.ca/web/article-en.do;jsessionid=c21a7e2c47382c3cdc2140bca1e97b3c6
5ce8ef3f4c6e72dac6fe2500c46e0fe.e38RbhaLb3qNe38Kaxv0?mthd=tp&crtr.page;=1&nid;=8
72269&crtr.tp1D;=1

Source: Goverment of Canada

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                           November 16, 1999, Tuesday

New director appointed

SECTION: FEATURES; GENERAL; Pg. 11; IN BUSINESS

LENGTH: 174 words


FARMERS' Mutual Group has announced the appointment of Murray Donald to its
board of directors, replacing Russell Thwaites.

A director of meatworks company Alliance Group, Mr Donald farms 480ha in
Southland. He is chairman of Alliance Group Trustee Ltd, a $ 50 million staff
superannuation fund.

Farmers' Mutual chairman John Willis said Mr Donald had always made a positive
contribution to any organisation he was involved with.

"Murray brings many attributes to the board, including his knowledge of the
rural sector, his business and investment experience, combined with his
established industry relationships."

A former Young Farmers Club national president, Mr Donald also received a
commemorative medal for services to agriculture in 1990.

"At the same time as welcoming Murray, I would also like to extend my thanks and
sincere appreciation to Russell, who, after seven years on the board, is
retiring," Mr Willis said.

The next Farmers' Mutual Group board meeting will be held in Palmerston North on
November 26.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Rural investment gets a boost

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 623 words

ABSTRACT

The fund will be managed by Capitol Peak Asset Management and the Agriculture
Department will help find projects for it.

FULL TEXT

Wall Street is looking for ways to invest in America's heartland, and the
government is ready to play matchmaker.

The White House Rural Council announced plans on Thursday to start a $10 billion
investment fund that will give pension funds and large investors the opportunity
to invest in agricultural projects. Those include wastewater systems, energy
projects and infrastructure development in rural America.

''We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment,'' the
agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack, said, referring to the online dating
service.

''We're going to be a connector,'' he added. ''This is a new role for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.''

The fund, called the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, will be backed by
CoBank, a cooperative bank and a member of the Farm Credit System, a
government-sponsored network of banks that lend to the agriculture industry.
CoBank committed $10 billion to the fund.

Capitol Peak Asset Management, an investment firm, will manage the fund's
investments and the Agriculture Department will help find projects for the fund.
Investors will be able to make debt and equity investments in individual and
bundled projects. They will earn returns on their principal investments along
with interest.

The move comes as pension funds and institutional investors, faced with few
investment opportunities that yield high returns in the face of low interest
rates, have begun to shift large amounts of money into less traditional
investments that promise bigger returns like hedge funds and private equity
firms. Flows into the hedge fund industry from institutional investors are at
all-time highs.

Faced with what he described as ''extraordinary'' demand from local communities
in rural America for capital, Mr. Vilsack last year enlisted the help of Matthew
McKenna, a former executive at PepsiCo, to help find a way to attract Wall
Street and large institutional investors. Through the process, Mr. McKenna
discovered that investors with big war chests were interested in making
investments in more than just one or two individual projects at a time.

As a result, the fund will offer investors the opportunity to put money into
bundled projects. One area where investment is needed is in California, Mr.
Vilsack said, where the state is facing one of its most severe droughts on
record.

''There is a business opportunity there because people will pay for water,'' he
added.

Since the 2008 financial crisis, large pools of pension money have flowed
directly into farmland and agricultural investments. Some Wall Street investors
are trying their hand at creating different ways to tap demand from both large
pensions funds and individual investors.

One group of investors has begun to buy farmland through real estate investment
trusts - including the American Farmland Company, Farmland Partners and the
Gladstone Land Corporation - that combine crops and land into an asset class for
ordinary investors to buy.

So strong is the demand from some corners of the financial world that
agricultural conferences once attended mostly by farmers and others in related
fields are now crowded with institutional investors, venture capitalists and
hedge fund managers.

Mr. Vilsack announced the new Rural Infrastructure fund on Thursday at a
conference in Washington. Nearly 600 financial executives, investors and
government officials convened for the White House's Rural Opportunity Investment
Conference. Also scheduled to speak at the event were Treasury Secretary Jacob
J. Lew and Ken Wilson, vice chairman of BlackRock, the world's largest asset
manager.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                           November 29, 2002, Friday

Businesses backing Howard with healthy investment plans

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Sid Marris  * Economics correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 487 words


BUSINESSES are backing the Howard Government's predictions that Australia will
ride out the global uncertainty by maintaining healthy investment plans.

Even in drought-stricken regional areas, optimism remains despite the tough
times, research by Westpac suggests.

Official investment surveys and the study of regional confidence shows sentiment
slightly weaker over the past three months, but remarkably buoyant considering
the drought and the uneasy international outlook.

Spending in the three months to September was up 2.3 per cent, mainly in the
form of new building, up 11 per cent, while equipment and machinery fell
marginally, the Australian Bureau of Statistics found.

Investment in the coming year remains strong, up 11 per cent on the same period
last year, compared with 13 per cent in the June quarter.

The figures are in line with the revised budget forecasts released by Peter
Costello on Wednesday, which predict business investment to grow by 11 per cent.

Treasury is predicting growth to ease this financial year from 3.75 per cent to
3per cent but then to bounce back to 4 per cent if the drought breaks by autumn.

Westpac's breakdown of consumer sentiment in regional areas finds although
city-dwellers are more optimistic, country people are not as glum as they have
been in the past.

Until now rural housing activity has held up, boosted by government grants and
low interest rates, and has provided a temporary life line to regional economic
activity, Westpac says.

Westpac chief economist Nigel Stapledon said that while some individual farmers
were in difficulty, farmers on average had enjoyed two "super" years before this
year and should be well placed to rebound if rains come next year.

The Treasury prediction of 3 per cent growth is tempered by stern warnings that
aside from the drought the international recovery could be slow.

Mr Costello also re-affirmed yesterday that the budget outlook makes no account
of any increased military action in the Middle East or further upgrades to
security spending beyond the $1.4 billion already announced.

"We haven't in fact factored in war. What we hope will happen is that Iraq will
comply with the United Nations resolutions," he said.

While overall defence spending is up this year it actually falls by $500 million
over the next three years -- equivalent to the annual cost of an SAS military
commitment in Afghanistan.

Many economists believe the investment result is encouraging even though
investment plans are mainly limited to the mining and transport sectors, with
services and domestic industries still wary of expansion.

"In our view there is little in this release to change the market expectation
that business investment will pick up a significant amount of the slack left by
an impending slowdown in the housing sector," Credit Suisse First Boston chief
economist Warren Hogan said.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

US productivity : more a mirage than a miracle?

                           August 16, 2001, Thursday

Catherine Ong in New York


It sure seems so, with corporate profits plunging and business investments
declining. But the jury is still out on the matter

THE productivity "miracle" that has produced a non-inflationary economic boom in
the US in the last five years is beginning to look like a mirage as corporate
profits plunge and business investments decline, analysts say.

Estimates for productivity, a measure of output per worker, are falling as fast
as other indicators of the economy. Last week, economists scrambled to revise
their numbers downwards in the wake of a Commerce Department report that the
government had been too rosy in its forecasts of productivity trend and
corporate profits.

The Commerce Department said it had scaled back the average non-farm
productivity growth to 2.5 per cent per year from 2.8 per cent for the period
between 1996 and 2000.

As well, it has marked down corporate profit estimates from 1998 to 2000 by 5.9
per cent to 19.1 per cent. This year's first-quarter corporate profits were also
revised by a hefty US$85.6 billion (S$150.7 billion), or 21.5 per cent below the
original estimate.

Jan Hatzuis, senior economist at Goldman Sachs, said lower profits undermine the
investment outlook and reinforce the case for weaker productivity for the next
few years. "Information technology spending has been responsible for a large
part of the productivity in the last few years," he said. "The investment boom
was mainly in IT. Now that it has turned into a bust, we wouldn't see the sort
of capital deepening that was partly responsible for the growth in productivity
in recent years."

Goldman Sachs is forecasting a secular trend in productivity growth of no more
than 2.25 per cent -- below the 3.5-4 per cent that government agencies like the
Federal Reserve Board believed possible.

A slump in productivity, after almost half a decade of impressive uptrend, has
serious implications for the economy and the financial markets as it raises the
risk of higher inflation and lower corporate profits.

Dr Paul Kasriel, chief economist at Northern Trust Bank, commented: "If I'm
right (about the downtrend), it's going to cause a lot of things to be revised
downwards -- the government's budget projections, corporate revenues,
expectation of inflation, etc."

The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) has projected that the federal budget
would reach US$6 trillion in surpluses during the next 10 years, based on its
assumption that productivity will continue to grow at 2.5 per cent. When the
projections were made, the assumptions on productivity could hardly be
considered too optimistic. Non-farm output has been on an an impressive uptrend
during the second half of the 1990s, rising by 3 per cent annually -- twice the
rate of the last 25 years.

In recent years, growth of 4-5 per cent had appeared to be norm, causing many
economists to subscribe to the so-called New Economy view that the output gains
were structural rather than cyclical in nature and were brought about by the
widespread application of IT. These gains kept inflation at bay while helping to
propel the economy to a new level of sustained growth significantly higher than
the 1-2 per cent seen since the 1970s.

A prominent cheerleader of this view, Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan,
has been telling Congress that the run of economic expansion in recent years had
its roots in ongoing advances in technology, advances which have created
synergies from such inventions like the microprocessor, the laser, fibre optics
and satellites.

The surge in the use of real-time information, for example, has helped
businessmen to anticipate demand and cut down on inventory and surplus workers.
Other processes like checkout counter bar code and satellite location of trucks
have also reduced the lead time in delivery of goods, all of which meant that
management could employ less capital to turn out the same volume of goods and
services.

In his Congressional testimony on Jan 25, Mr Greenspan endorsed the CBO
projections and even suggested that "there is a distinct possibility that much
of the development and diffusion of new technologies in the current wave of
innovation still lies ahead, and we cannot rule out productivity growth rates
greater than (those) assumed in the official budget projections".

But to the surprise of some New Economy advocates, instead of trending upwards,
productivity has in the main moved in the same direction as share prices and the
economy -- that is southwards -- after the Nasdaq bubble burst in March 2000 and
the economy started to sag in the second half of last year. As real GDP growth
fell from 5.6 per cent in the second quarter of last year to 1.1 per cent in the
fourth quarter, productivity dropped from 6.3 per cent to 2.2 per cent.

Non-farm output per hour in the first half of this year grew at half the pace of
the previous corresponding period, rising an average 1.3 per cent, compared with
2.85 per cent in the first six months of 2000.

However, in the second quarter, it spiked again by 2.5 per cent and appeared to
keep the New Economy story intact.

A closer analysis of the second-quarter numbers released by the Labour
Department last week, however, showed that the increase in productivity was
mostly on account of a drop in the number of hours worked, especially by those
who were self-employed. "That is not a sign of strength but of weakness," Dr
Kasriel said.

The Northern Trust economist believes that productivity will continue to trend
downwards as long as the economy stays sluggish. He reckons that the jury is
still out on whether there has been a structural improvement in productivity in
recent years, pointing out that the dramatic pick-up in productivity in recent
years isn't a unique phenomenon.

The late 1960s had experienced a similar surge when people of his parents'
generation were in their prime and most productive years. In the five years
ended 1967, the annualised growth rate in labour productivity was 3.69 per cent.
"There has certainly been some underlying change in productivity in recent years
but I think it has been hyped way out of proportion," Dr Kasriel said.

Robert Gordon, a professor in social sciences at Northwestern University in
Illinois, has been one of the first to put forth the view that the foundation of
the productivity miracle would not remain intact once the economy takes a
breather from the rapid expansion of the last five years. The capital deepening
that produced the productivity miracle was mainly due to a ramp-up in
investments in the computer sector, he said.

Now that those investments have fallen off, their miraculous effects on output
per hour are also wearing thin. "In short, some of the productivity revival was
inherently transitory while much of it relied on a 40 per cent growth rate of
computer investment that could not be and has not been sustained," he wrote.

New Economy advocates like Brian Wesbury, chief economist with Griffin, Kubik
Stephens in Chicago, however, said it isn't unusual to see a decline in
productivity during an economic slowdown and that it was remarkable that
productivity had risen by 2.5 per cent in the second quarter when the GDP had
edged up only slightly.

The downtrend in productivity during a downturn does not explain away the
structural changes that had resulted from technological advances. "Inflation is
the key here. When we had cyclical improvements in productivity in the past
accompanied by economic expansion, what we ended up seeing was a rise in
inflation," Mr Wesbury added.

No doubt many economists will be waiting with bated breath for the numbers in
the coming months which will confirm or demolish their views on whether the
productivity change in the New Economy era was really a miracle or a mirage.

The writer is BT's New York correspondent

SECTION: Editorial & Opinion, Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1313 words

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: I hope it's structural : Fed chairman Alan Greenspan says the run of
economic expansion in recent years has its roots in ongoing advances in
technology

                Copyright 2001 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           October 30, 1999 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

No 'magic bullet' to save the bush;
REGIONAL AUSTRALIA CONFERENCE

BYLINE: BEN MITCHELL, REGIONAL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 627 words


After three days and more than 20 hours of meetings, speeches and working group
discussions, Australia's first regional summit concluded yesterday without
reference to the issue that has caused more dislocation in the bush than any
other: National Competition Policy.

While almost all of the 282 delegates at the summit described the event as a
good first step in the revitalisation of regional Australia, others were left
wondering why the final communique failed to mention National Competition
Policy.

Mr Vernon Knight, a social worker from the Mallee Family Centre in Mildura, said
competition policy had been one of the most significant factors in the rural
decline.

"The summit has been fantastic but I think it also showed that the Government is
yet to come to terms with the impact of the National Competition Policy," Mr
Knight said.

"We keep getting told that NCP is just another market force that can't be
affected by Government. I'd certainly question that and have to ask why the
summit did not recommend winding back that program."

Earlier in the summit, the president of the powerful National Farmers
Federation, Mr Ian Donges, had also called for the Government to overhaul the
policy to prevent regional Australia declining further.

"It's obvious that rural and regional Australia does not have the resources to
be a robust player in the NCP process," Mr Donges said.

But throughout the conference the Deputy Prime Minister and Regional Services
Minister, Mr John Anderson, dismissed calls for an overhaul, saying a review of
the policy in April would consider the concerns of regional Australia.

In his closing remarks yesterday, Mr Anderson said the summit had failed to find
a "magic bullet" for the revitalisation of the bush because there was no simple
solution to the decline.

He said he had been stunned by the sense of hope and determination among the
rural leaders who attended the summit to find ways to halt the rural decline.

In the end, the final communique from the summit concentrated on the theme that
regional communities needed to help themselves if they were to survive. But it
also called on greater government and corporate input into the bush.

Mr Anderson said the Federal Government would establish a committee to work on
recommendations from the summit. It would report to the minister before
Christmas.

A key recommendation from the summit was for increased government investment in
regional infrastructure.

The delegates described the $1.2 billion Darwin-to-Alice Springs rail line,
which was announced during the three-day event, as the type of project that
Governments should be supporting.

Access Economics has estimated that the railway, described by the Prime
Minister, Mr John Howard, as the "steel Snowy", will create about 7000 jobs and
has increased the national gross domestic product by $430million.

The Opposition's regional affairs spokesman, Mr Martin Ferguson, described the
summit as a hypocritical exercise, pointing out that while the Howard Government
was prepared to commit $15 million to a new regional development fund, it had
cut $171 million from regional universities.

REVITALISING THE BUSH

The regional Australia Summit recommendations:

* Improve telecommunications to enable a greater use of the Internet for
business transactions.

* Start a national strategy to faciliate and improve regional infrastructure
with the Federal Government to play a lead role.

* Business and government to help communities attract doctors.

* Establish partnerships between private and public enterprises to foster
greater regional development.

* Reduce regulatory impediments to enable more business investment.

* Increase funding to programs to identify regional community leaders.

* Improve educational services in regional Australia.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1999 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Time

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Ararat has a lot to offer potential tree changers

BYLINE: BEN KIMBER

SECTION: DISPLAY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 604 words


ARARAT - Ararat will be on show to the rest of Victoria when the Ararat Rural
City Council occupies a stand at the 2014 Regional Victoria Living Expo next
weekend.

Council has plenty to boast with job opportunities, infrastructure development
and lifestyle options high on council's promotional agenda.

Paul Melenhorst and his young family are just one of many who have made the tree
change and are better for it.

"We lived overseas for a few years before coming back to Melbourne where I
endured the awful commute three hours a day for work, for two years," he said.

Mr Melenhorst now has extra time to spend with his growing children, a
four-year-old daughter who attends an Ararat kinder, and a two-year-old son.

In January 2013 he applied and was successful in attaining the position of
Statutory Planner with the Ararat Rural City Council.

"One of the best aspects is that I live just five minutes from work and we live
just five minutes from the centre of town, we can walk ito town, do our
shopping, go to the cinema - Ararat is very lucky to have a cinema," he said.

"We still aren't that far away from Melbourne, we can still get to the city
within a couple of hours when we need to."

At present Mr Melenhorst's African born (Botswana) wife, Marina, cares for their
youngest at home, but is beginning to actively seek employment.

The couple have embraced the social hobbies on offer, with Mr Melenhorst
competing in the YMCA's squash pennant and Mrs Melenhorst taking up ballroom
dancing.

"I'm also really interested in the heritage of the area, the nice scenery and
the amenity of the neighbourhoods," Mr Melenhorst said.

Ararat Rural City Mayor, Cr Paul Hooper said he'll be joined by some surprise
Ararat ambassadors as he presents the town's case in person.

"An enormous amount of work has gone ito this, it is our major attempt along
with all other rural councils to present ourselves to metropolitan Melbourne to
get them to consider shifting to rural Victoria," he said.

Cr Hooper said a primary focus will be on informing people about council's
Ararat Active program.

"We want to convince city people that we are a fit and active caring community,"
he said.

"The attention from the The Biggest Loser is more than the television show
itself, the curiosity has peaked, so now it is more a broader conversation about
lifestyle choices and opportunities.

"We have some fantastic brand new material, that will make us stand out from the
crowd."

As part of the Ararat Active initiative Ararat Rural City Council will launch an
application (app).

"It is a sleek modern app with access to information about employment and
housing, it is revolutionary," Cr Hooper said.

"It is important we get people through the door, to come to town and have a look
at what is on offer, turn a visit ito people considering shifting here."

More than 130 exhibitors will provide information about jobs, housing, health,
education and the regional lifestyle at the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition
Centre over three days - Friday, April 11 from 10am - 5pm, Saturday, April 12
from 10am - 5pm and Sunday, April 13 from 10am - 4pm.

The Regional Victoria Living Expo provides Melbourne residents and businesses
with all the information they need when considering relocating to regional and
rural Victoria, including promotion of specific job and career opportunities as
well as the benefits available in their area in order to attract residents,
skilled workers, business and investment.

The 2014 Regional Victoria Living Expo comprises all of the state's 48 regional
and rural councils, along with strong representation from regional business and
industry.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 16, 2006 Monday
                                 First Edition

Busy week ahead as confidence recovers

BYLINE: Matthew Coghlan

SECTION: MARKET WRAP; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 644 words


While North Korea's nuclear test sparked market jitters last week, sharemarket
confidence appears to be rising again because of easing oil prices and signs
that the housing downturn in the United States is not dragging down the global
economy.

But one hurdle is rising expectations of a local interest rate increase. While
market-moving economic data is thin on the ground this week, last week's strong
jobs report and a hawkish speech from new Reserve Bank of Australia governor
Glenn Stevens significantly boosted expectations of another rate rise by year's
end - despite a worsening rural outlook.

On Friday the market had assigned a 98 per cent chance of a 25 basis point rate
rise by the end of the year, up from a 58 per cent chance before the jobs data
and Mr Stevens' speech.

"Our view is that the Reserve Bank should be a little more concerned about the
growth outlook. Consumer spending remains moderate, housing activity indicators
are soft, there is growing evidence that business investment growth is starting
to slow," said Shane Oliver, head of investment strategy at AMP Capital
Investors.

At the company level, the focus remains on whether the run of strong profits
being enjoyed by Australian and leading global corporates can continue.

Indeed, it will be a busy week for Australian equity investors, with annual
general meetings scheduled for Perpetual tomorrow, CSL, Ansell and Country Road
on Wednesday, Qantas on Thursday, and PaperlinX and Rural Press on Friday. News
Corp holds its AGM in New York on Thursday night Australian time.

Ten Network will release its full-year results on Wednesday. These, along with
those of Rural Press and News Corp, are likely to elicit particular interest
after new cross-media ownership laws passed the Senate last week.

The new laws are likely to pass through the House of Representatives this week.

Investors will also be paying close attention to Qantas's AGM, as the company
lifts its domestic fares by an average of 3 per cent this week after significant
falls in oil prices.

The spot oil price has fallen about 25 per cent since early August to $US58 a
barrel late last week.

Rio Tinto is scheduled to release its third-quarter production report on
Wednesday. Woodside Petroleum and Iluka Resources are due to release their
reports on Thursday.

BHP is scheduled to hold a petroleum customer briefing in London that will be
relayed on its website on Thursday afternoon.

UraniumSA is scheduled to list on the Australian Stock Exchange today, and will
attract strong attention given recent speculation that the Australian government
could allow uranium sales to India outside the terms of the Nuclear
Non-Proliferation Treaty.

Offshore investors will be watching US housing and inflation data, while a
flurry of appearances from Federal Reserve officials is expected to shed more
light on the economy and interest rates.

Fed chairman Ben Bernanke is due to address the American Bankers Association in
Phoenix tonight. Dr Bernanke's speech will be closely watched after the minutes
from the Fed's September 20 meeting revealed it was more anxious about
persistent inflationary pressures than the market had been crediting.

Fed member Janet Yellen is also due to speak in San Francisco tonight. ANZ
strategist Tony Morriss said this speech would provide an interesting insight
into the Fed's mood ahead of key US inflation data.

"Ms Yellen's a perceived dove based on her links to the Clinton administration,"
Mr Morriss said.

"So it's interesting that she's recently expressed some concerns that inflation
trends might yet prompt further policy action."

The odds of a 25 basis point interest rate cut by the Fed in March next year
were around 60 per cent at the start of the month but those odds had fallen to
about 10 per cent by late last week as stronger-than-expected US economic data
allayed fears about a US recession.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Markets will be awaiting Fed chairman Ben Bernanke's thoughts on
the US economy this week. Photo: REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

NRKs Invited to Explore Opportunities in State

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: KOCHI


KOCHI, Jan. 17 -- The Non-Resident Keralites (NRKs) should try to fully explore
the investment opportunities in the state, Minister for Rural development and
NRK affairs K C Joseph said here on Friday. He was speaking at the inaugural
session of the Global NRK Meet held here at the Le-Meridian Hotel.

"The condition in the Gulf countries is changing. Taking into consideration the
issues developing in West Asian countries, the NRKs should try to explore
opportunities here. The government has already launched people-friendly
initiatives for the NRK's who left Saudi Arabia following the enforcement of
Nitaqat law. The government is also offering a financial aid of '20 lakh for new
business investments here," Joseph said.

The former UPA government's decision to allow NRIs to vote from abroad was a
great achievement, the Minister said adding that the Global NRK meet is not only
the perfect stage to attract more investors but also a venue for discussing the
challenges and problems faced by NRKs.

Meanwhile, in his address, Finance Minister K M Mani said that the NRKs are the
real backbone of Kerala's economy. "The investments made by NRKs amount to
'85,000 crore. The investment that the NRKs bring to the state is even greater
than the annual budget figure of the state," Mani added.

The minister said that the NRKs should also give due consideration to
agriculture sector along with IT as a potential sector in which they can invest.
"The government has already designed projects for hi-tech agriculture and
hi-tech villages. The bio-technology and nano-technology sectors also offer wide
scope for development. If the agriculture sector prospers, it will help in
creating more labour opportunities in the state," he said.

Industries and IT Minister P K Kunhalikkutty, who spoke on the occasion, said
that Kerala is slowly emerging as the IT capital of India. Hence, NRKs should
try to explore the immense investment opportunities offered by IT sector, he
added.

In his address, Abdul Rehman Randathani MLA said that the Indian embassy should
take care of the issues that the NRKs face more effectively. "Kerala has the
most number of air-travellers in the country. Hence, the international airports
in the state should be modernised and NRKs who are interested in investing here
should be provided with a more investment friendly environment," Randathani
added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Start early to prepare your grant application;
FINANCE MATTERS Dave Armstrong, corporate finance director at South West
accountants Francis Clark considers what makes a successful grant application
and gives tips for businesses on how to approach the process

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 782 words


In recent weeks, a number of our clients have received offers of grant funding.
For example Pall Newquay announced a substantial grant offer towards the
expansion of their business and successful applicants to the first two rounds of
the University of Plymouth / Western Morning News Regional Growth Fund Scheme
have been announced.

With other clients receiving confirmation that they have secured grants such as
Grant for Business Investment, Rural Development Programme for England, Gap
Funding and Marine Management Organisation, we have secured in excess of £7
million of funding for our clients recently.

We talk through below what we consider are the 'four steps of the grant raising'
process. Step 1 Map out the development plans for your business and see if grant
funds are a match Know your business plan and know the sources of grant finance;
different grant schemes have different parameters.

Avoid the "you tell me what grants are available and I will tell you my plans"
ap -proach. This almost always fails.

At an early stage you will need to give some thought to your plans, including:
future capital expenditure requirements; the innovative and environmental
aspects of these plans or your business; what makes your company or business
different to others; how the grant would affect your employment levels; match
funding - how you will fund the balance of the expenditure; economic benefits
such as local supply chain or exports; and need for grant.

This will enable you to determine which is the most appropriate source of grant
funding for you.

Step 2 Commence dialogue with the grant organisation.

Meet with the awarding body to ascertain whether your project is eligible. If
your application is to be unsuccessful, it is better for it to be so at this
stage. Try to meet the authorities face to face rather than submitting an
on-line initial enquiry. Most grant officials are more than pleased to meet and
talk through potential applications, particularly if you have carried out the
first step outlined above. As opposed to the on-line enquiry approach, a meeting
will enable you to discuss various versions of your plans and gain a more
in-depth understanding of your grant potential. Hopefully, you can gain
sufficient confidence through this dialogue to allow you to progress to the full
application stage armed with a 'heads up' that the project is eligible, an
indication of key issues to be dealt with and the likely level of grant funding.

This is not a guarantee of success, just an indication that the grant authority
is sufficiently interested to welcome a formal application from you. Now the
real work begins. Step 3 Compile the best application (and continue dialogue).

Invariably, you will be required to submit a business plan, financial
projections and an application form. Most companies will have the majority of
this information to hand. But it's not just a question of collating the
information into the required format. Only the best applications will succeed -
so you really have to promote your company, particularly its 'quality' aspects,
and the 'bu s i -ness case' behind the investment decision. You also need to be
acutely aware of the grant scheme's requirements and make sure these are dealt
with in the application documentation.

Most funders are responsive to an open channel of dialogue so ask questions and
get key areas signed off as far as possible in advance of the full submission.

A robust and supportable set of reasons as to why you cannot proceed with your
project without grant funding will also be required, as will other documentation
such as planning permission, if required. Step 4 Appraisal - stand your ground
and negotiate.

Once you've submitted your grant application, the next stage is appraisal, which
can take the form of a meeting and/or written questions before a decision. The
final stage is negotiating the grant amount and formal terms. Remember you know
your business, project, market etc far better than the grant officials so stand
your ground during the appraisal process.

The time it takes to prepare and submit a successful grant application varies
enormously.

The process can be frustrating but remember the funders have to do their due
diligence as almost invariably they will be questioned / subject to an audit on
their decision making. Our record is 21 days from start to finish. Typically, we
would say between three and four months to obtain a decision - so the final
message is "it is never too early to start thinking about a grant application".
Most funding schemes are in place until the end of 2013 - but why wait? For more
information, telephone Dave Armstrong on 01752 301010 or log onto
www.francisclark.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2012 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                     Herald

                            August 6, 1987 Thursday

Imports 'check growth'

LENGTH: 167 words


Business investment was likely to respond to lower interest rates, but the
subsequent surge in imports would result in only minimal improvement in the
current account this year, the National Australia Bank said today.

In its August review of economic conditions and prospects, the bank said private
investment spending could grow by between 2 per cent and 3 per cent in 1987-88.

But the bank warns the effects of this "acceleration" in investment intentions
could lead to rapid growth in the level of imports.

"Although consumption goods account for about a quarter of total imports, the
value of capital equipment and industrial supply imports is larger . . . and
their rate of growth is often more volatile," the bank says.

"When viewed in conjunction with the export constraints of the rural sector, and
assuming no further fall in the terms of trade index, the upshot is that the
current account will show only marginal improvement on last year in nominal
terms."

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHD

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                 March 4, 2004 Thursday All-round First Edition

Consumer spending helps economy to four-year high

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: David Uren  * Economics correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 603 words


STRONG consumer spending and business investment helped propel Australia to its
strongest economic growth in four years in the December quarter.

Treasurer Peter Costello said the growth was led by strong consumer demand,
strong business investment and a welcome recovery in farm production.

The economy grew by 1.4 per cent in the December quarter, with growth since
December 2002 reaching 4 per cent.

"An annual growth rate of 4 per cent puts us again at the top of the league of
the developed economies of the world," Mr Costello said. "Having come through
that difficult drought, the prospects for Australia are for a strong continuing
economy in the midst of a global recovery."  Consumers spent $6.1 billion more
in the December quarter than they did over the same period of last year.
Business investment over the same period added another $2.5 billion.

High levels of dwelling construction, which have been a source of concern, were
barely $200 million, or 3 per cent, higher than a year earlier.

Both consumer spending and business investment have been helped by the falling
price of imports.

Imports' share of total domestic sales has dropped from a peak of more than 40
per cent in 2000 to just 33 per cent.

Access Economics director Chris Richardson said the fall in import prices had
enabled national disposable income to rise by 5.1 per cent over the past year.

The trade sector was a net drain on economic growth with a blowout in the
deficit from $6.2 billion to $9.3 billion in the December quarter. The terms of
trade, however, have moved strongly in Australia's favour, reflected in the
falling prices of imports and strong prices for Australian minerals.

Economists expect the economy to continue its growth throughout 2004, even with
some cooling down in the housing sector. TD Securities chief strategist Stephen
Koukoulas noted that household savings again recorded a negative result,
pointing to the reliance upon debt to fuel the growth in consumption.

"This highlights the fragility of the economy and its vulnerability to higher
interest rates," he said.

GANGBUSTERS

BY SPENDING

Real expenditure December quarter, seasonally adjusted

... Quarterly % change ... Annual % change

General government ... 0.9 ... 2.6

Households ... 1.6 ... 5.5

Gross fixed capital formation

Private Dwellings ... 3.3 ... 6.4

Business investment ... 3.5 ... 10

Public, changes in inventories

Private non-farm ... - ... -

Farm and public authority ... - ... -

Gross national expenditure ... 1.6 ... 6.3

Exports of goods and services ... 3.3 ... -0.5

Imports of goods and services ... 4.4 ... 10.2

Gross domestic product ... 1.4 ... 4

BY INDUSTRY

Production by volume December quarter, seasonally adjusted

... Quarterly % change ... Annual % change

Agriculture, forestry and fishing ... 12.5 ... 28.5

Mining ... 1.4 ... -2.4

Manufacturing ... 0.2 ... -

Electricity, gas and water supply ... -0.9 ... -1.5

Construction ... 4.6 ... 6.1

Wholesale trade ... 2.4 ... 7.3

Retail trade ... 1.4 ... 7.4

Accommodation, cafes and restaurants ... 2.6 ... 8.6

Transport and storage ... 4.1 ... 2.3

Communication services ... 0.7 ... 4

Finance and insurance ... 1.1 ... 4.6

Property and business services ... 1.3 ... 4

Government administration and defence ... 0.8 ... 1.2

Education ... 0.4 ... 1.4

Health and community services ... 1.4 ... 3.2

Cultural and recreational services ... 4.4 ... 5.4

Personal and other services ... -1.2 ... -1

Gross domestic product ... 1.4 ... 4

Source: ABS

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The National Business Review (New Zealand)

                                August 30, 2002

Business confidence plummets in latest National Bank survey

BYLINE: Rob Hosking

SECTION: Pg.2-

LENGTH: 420 words


Prospects for the New Zealand economy darkened today with a further nose-dive in
business confidence.

In the first indicator of mood since the election, the National Bank's survey of
1500 firms shows a net 31% of businesses expect conditions to worsen over the
coming year. That is down from 22% a month ago and is the fifth consecutive
drop.

More significantly, firms' expectations of their own activity are the lowest for
two years. It was the plummeting business mood in 2000 that led the Labour-led
government to hurriedly shore up its relations with business in a series of
summits around the country.

And the mood in the agriculture sector is at its lowest for 12 years.

Some recent indicators suggested the economy was at a turning point, National
Bank chief economist John McDermott said.

"Only a net 16% of business leaders expect conditions in their own businesses to
improve over the next 12 months," he said.

"In the past, this level of confidence was consistent with economic growth
running at less than 1% per year. Unless business confidence improves in the
next few months, chances are we will see a slowdown in the domestic economy."

Turnarounds in new car registrations, house and retail sales, job advertisements
and visitor arrivals do not augur well, he said.

"And dairy prices, a key barometer for the rural community, have plummeted."

Only one sector - manufacturing - showed any upbeat signs for exporting and this
appeared driven by the continued low dollar.

That comparative optimism may be misplaced, according to Deutsche Bank forecasts
released earlier in the week.

The trade-weighted index was still running higher than it was late last year,
Deutsche Bank economists pointed out, "thereby reducing the competitiveness of
New Zealand exporters in an already difficult global environment."

The bank expected the New Zealand dollar to reach US50c over the next 12 months,
and New Zealand economic growth to drop to 2%.

A further indicator of faltering business mood came this week in the latest
import figures.

Capital goods, a key part of business investment, have taken a massive hit,
sliding from an increase of 11.3% in the first quarter to a -6.3% for the July
quarter.

As Bank of New Zealand pointed out, that is a "pronounced" fall that cannot just
be explained by the exchange rate changes.

"It could well be that business investment is hanging back because of the
renewed risks surrounding global growth."

Fragile boom - page 5

Equities caution - page 10

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

        Copyright 2002 Fourth Estate Holdings Ltd. All Rights Reserved.


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Michigan: Strategic Growth Initiative Grant Program to Boost Michigan's Growing
Food and Agriculture Industry

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Public Service Commission, The State of Michigan has issued the following news
release:

Today, Michigan Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (MDARD) Director
Jamie Clover Adams announced a call for proposals for the Strategic Growth
Initiative grants.  All abstract proposals must be received by MDARD by October
15, 2014.

"The Strategic Growth Initiative Grant Program provides an opportunity to grow
Michigan's food and agriculture industry by leveraging business development
across the state," said Clover Adams. "With increased business investment, we
are fostering opportunities for job growth in high tech and innovative careers
within Michigan's food and agriculture industry."

This initiative will help focus on economic opportunities for Michigan's food
processors, agri-business, and those in agricultural production by fostering
business development, talent, and growth.  Additionally, MDARD will coordinate
and cooperate with universities and research organizations to bring the latest
technology and information to improve Michigan's food and agriculture industry.

The Strategic Growth Initiative proposals will be evaluated through a
competitive process. Applicants for grant funds will be asked to describe how
the project potentially impacts and produces measurable outcomes for the food
and agriculture industry and/or the public rather than a single organization,
institution, or individual.

MDARD has updated the process for this cost-reimbursement grant program by
implementing a required abstract and if projects are favorably reviewed,
applicants will be invited to submit a full proposal in January 2015 and make a
10 minute presentation about their project at the Review Committee meeting in
February 2015.  An additional request for abstracts by MDARD will be announced
in February 2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/minewswire

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                           September 2, 2002, Monday

:VALE OF GLAMORGAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 134 words


A VIDEO was launched at the Vale of Glamorgan Show to promote the area and
attract business investment. Jeffrey James, leader of the Vale of Glamorgan
Council, said he was delighted with the video, which is also available on DVD.

"This video shows how The Vale of Glamorgan Council is helping ensure the Vale
stays a great place to live, work and relax," he said. "It will provide the
council with a strong platform for its developing communication strategy."

The video was made for the council by Cardiff-based Dart Film and Video
Services, and the script was written and narrated by broadcaster Tim Richards,
who lives in the rural Vale. It outlines the council's services and takes the
viewer on a journey along the spectacular Glamorgan Heritage Coast and
surrounding countryside.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                              June 22, 2009 Monday
                                 First Edition

Is Wales on the road to ruin as councils consider highwayclosures? ;
Safety fears as repairs budget faces funds cut closures?

BYLINE: Rhodri Clark

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 846 words


ROADS in Wales may have to close because councils cannot afford to guarantee
safety for drivers and cyclists, a leading highways official has warned.

Unitary authorities were struggling with a repairs backlog on local roads even
before the current squeeze on council spending.

And there are fears the Welsh Assembly Government will next year pull the plug
on grants, totalling pounds 15m per annum, for improving road surfaces.

One motoring group said it was scandalous so little money was available for road
maintenance when car owners paid the Treasury so much.

Dave Faulkner, who chairs the County Surveyors' Society in Wales, predicted an
outcry if councils closed roads.

"Our funding is reducing almost on a yearly basis. The backlog is therefore
getting greater," he said.

"Ultimately, we may not be able to afford to repair some roads and would have to
close them.

"It would make the point that we haven't got enough money, across Wales and
Great Britain, to maintain highways."

He recently warned AMs on the Assembly's finance committee: "It is becoming more
and more difficult to ensure users are not inconvenienced but ultimately, roads
may have to be closed because there may not be funds to maintain them in a safe
condition.

"We are not there yet, but with competing demands for budgets within all local
author-itiesperhaps this day draws ever closer."

Speaking later, Mr Faulkner, Flintshire council's head of highways, said
closures would start with small rural roads.

"It's very difficult, without a detailed analysis, to say which roads at this
stage."

He acknowledged that councils gave road maintenance relatively low priority. The
Assembly Government's road surface grant had been useful because councils were
not allowed to use it to reduce their maintenance budgets.

This year's survey of road maintenance found that 88% of Welsh councils thought
public safety was threatened by under-funding, compared with 74% in England.

Tim Shallcross, of the Institute of Advanced Motorists, said closing roads would
make Wales look like a third world country.

"You can understand it in a third world country where there's a very poor
population and very little funding going to the government," said Mr Shallcross,
of Carmarthenshire.

"But motorists in the UK spend an absolute fortune on fuel duty and vehicle
excise duty. It all goes to the Treasury, which must make sure that the devolved
administrations have sufficient money to maintain the road network.

"If local authorities close a road to avoid the threat of being sued, they're
doing it because they want to avoid somebody getting injured. If our roads are
in such a parlous state that they're not safe to drive on, it's a scandal."

The poor image from closed roads could reduce tourist visits and business
investment in rural Wales, he added.

Peter Roberts, of the Farmers' Union of Wales, said Welsh roads compared poorly
with rural roads he had driven in Greece, Spain and Slovenia.

Closing rural roads would make it harder for some farmers to find outlets for
their milk after the collapse of Dairy Farmers of Britain, he said.

"The more remote farms are, the less likely it is that buyers will be keen to
send their tankers around the western fringes of Wales."

Roy Spilsbury, rights officer at cycling group CTC Cymru, urged councils not to
close crumbling roads but use new legislation to designate them as "quiet lanes"
for shared use by cyclists, walkers, horse riders and motorists.

Weight and speed limits could be reduced on such lanes, he said.

An Assembly Government spokesman said the future of the grant for road surfaces
would be decided when results from the "backlog model" in 2008-09 had been
received, providing four years' data for evaluating the grant's effectiveness.

Weather damage The recession's effect on council budgets could not have come at
a worse time for highways engineers, whose roads have been ravaged by this
year's hard winter and, in some areas, by flooding during and after the wet
summers of 2007 and 2008.

Denbighshire has been left with so many potholes after the winter's repeated
"freeze/thaw actions" that the council is considering using a high-tech
Jetpatcher to fill them - costing pounds 10,000 per week. Rhondda Cynon Taf
needs pounds 2m of "high priority" repairs to road structures.

Keeping RCT's roads, footways, drainage and lighting in their current state
would need pounds 20m a year - compared with an annual budget of about pounds
1m.

RCT engineers say road decline has accelerated because of recent weather and
expect further acceleration because water now penetrates damaged surfaces.

Visible defects in roads increased over the last decade by 116% in Wales,
compared with 52% in England, according to the latest road maintenance survey -
carried out before the cold snap.

Flintshire needs about pounds 5.5m a year to keep its roads and footways in
present condition, but the council's budget is pounds 1.2m a year.

Already this summer, roads in Caerphilly, RCT and Powys have been temporarily
closed by floods.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             October 2, 2005 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

MILLIONS SPROUTED FOR POOR FARMERS. An amazing story, if AFLAC's duck could talk

BYLINE: BY TRACY CONNOR DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 485 words


WHEN MOST PEOPLE hear about AFLAC, they think of those talking duck commercials.
But when Horace Jackson hears the insurance giant's name, he thinks about how
the 130 shares of stock he bought 50 years ago are worth many millions now.

Jackson, 84, is one of a few hundred investors who took a gamble on AFLAC when
the firm's founders were going door-to-door in rural Georgia selling stock on
layaway.

It was a risk that paid off beyond their wildest dreams, creating a whole
community of millionaires in the Peach State.

According to the company, a subscription of 100 shares at $11 a share, sold in
1955 and 1956, has grown to 187,980 shares now worth $8.5 million.

Jackson, then a middle-class electrical contractor, bought his shares after
company founder John Amos took him and some other men in Bainbridge, Ga., to
lunch.

"It was the most profitable lunch I ever had," he said.

AFLAC was formed in 1955 by three Florida brothers who had no experience in
insurance, but decided to open a business in Columbus, Ga.

They needed $350,000 to get off the ground and one of the brothers, John Amos,
came up with the idea of selling stock on a time-payment plan.

It was a genius move because most of the shareholders they targeted were
"unsophisticated," one of the brothers, Paul Amos, said.

"They were farmers and small business people with a few professionals thrown
in," he said. "People who had never invested before."

One afternoon in 1956, John Amos invited 12 people to gather at the Tara
Restaurant in Bainbridge and told them why an insurance company was a sure bet.
(Selling stock that way now, by the way, would be illegal.)

Jackson was there and was so taken with Amos' spiel he bought 130 shares. He put
$216 down and got a book of monthly coupons to pay off the balance. It's the
only way he could have afforded the stock.

"Back in those days, we didn't have money floating around," he explained.

That would soon change, however.

The Amos brothers had envisioned AFLAC as a small regional firm. But in the
1970s, they started selling cancer insurance in Japan and grew to dominate the
industry there.

In 2000, the first of the famous talking duck commercials debuted, and the
company went from being relatively obscure to ubiquitous.

By last year, the company took in $13.3 billion in revenue.

More importantly for Jackson and the other original AFLAC investors, the stock
has split repeatedly the last 50 years - turning the share bundles into personal
gold mines.

"Nothing pleases us more than to run across an original shareholder and hear how
well they've done with our stock," said Paul Amos, now retired.

Jackson said his windfall helped him build a steel mill and retire early. He
still has the stock subscription letter John Amos gave him in 1956.

"I was the only one at the lunch who bought the stock that day," Jackson said.
"I think the others were a bit envious as the years went on."

tconnor@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STEVE CANNON Horace Jackson of Brinson, Ga., holds his original stock
contract from 1956. AP AFLAC duck

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Chester Chronicle

                                October 21, 2010
                                 County Edition

Priority areas 'vital' for regeneration

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 102 words


FOUR priority areas are 'vital' to Cheshire West and Chester becoming recognised
as a key location for business and investment, according to the council''s
annual report.

It hopes the borough will be known for the quality of the environment, the
availability of skilled, talented and creative people and a commitment to
service, leadership and excellence. The council adds:This will result in
population, job and productivity growth and will boost West Cheshire''s
competitive economic position.

Chester, Ellesmere Port, rural issues and market towns and the Weaver Valley are
the key areas for regeneration.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ch


                           Copyright 2010 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 6, 2004 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Stricken farmers dig deep

BYLINE: Cathy Bolt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 277 words


Farmers withdrew almost 15 per cent of the $2.5 billion held in the farm
management deposit scheme in the September quarter, prompting the National
Farmers Federation to warn that the drought is not over for many.

NFF president Peter Corish said figures released yesterday showed that there had
been significant withdrawals in the quarter - $358 million, or more than twice
the amount withdrawn in the previous year.

The money would have been used for restocking, to meet grain harvesting costs
and to invest in much-needed maintenance.

But it was also clear many farmers were adopting a cautious approach, delaying
major business investment until definitive signs emerged the drought had passed.

"The ongoing pressures of drought are particularly severe in NSW and Queensland,
with about 60 per cent of each state continuing to be under drought
declaration," he said.

"Despite some relieving rains experienced in parts of northern NSW and
Queensland in the lead-up to Christmas, oppressive conditions in recent weeks
have sapped soil moisture and dashed hopes the drought may be receding."

The farm management deposit scheme allows farmers to deposit income tax-free in
good years.

They pay tax on it when they withdraw it, typically in low-income years.

The September quarter gross withdrawals mean a net $284 million reduction in the
total amount of funds held in the scheme to $2.2 billion.

Deposits totalled $74.6 million, up from $51 million in the same quarter in
drought-ravaged 2002.

Mr Corish said the deposits largely reflected the encouraging season in Western
Australia, South Australia and Victoria, in stark contrast to the fate of
farmers in eastern Australia.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 29, 1993 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Perhaps BHP should be running the country?

BYLINE: Maximillian Walsh

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 590 words


BHP did the seemingly impossible last year. It grew its domestic sales of steel
by nine per cent at a time when the economy grew by only two per cent. What is
more the areas of traditional demand, especially major office projects but also
rural investment and private business investment, had fallen into a hole.

The lift in sales resulted in a profit increase (after abnormal factors) of 28
per cent, from $190 million to $243 million.

BHP, once a byword for the inflexibility of giantism, has demonstrated that it
is possible, even for somebody in a basic industry such as steel, to grow faster
than the economy in both volume and profits.

While it is easy to draw glib analogies between running a country and running a
company the success of BHP contrasts rather sharply with that of the Keating
Government. However, a national government seriously concerned with economic
management could take a leaf out of BHP's book.

Take the warning by the Treasurer, Mr Dawkins, to the states that they will have
to cut their Budget deficits. Nothing wrong with that; it is perfectly obvious
that this is indeed the case. However, Mr Dawkins is also asking us to believe
that the Federal Government will reduce its Budget deficit to one per cent of
GDP by 1997.

Looking at Labor's record the indications are that it will achieve most of its
outcome by passing the pain of cost cutting onto the states.

In the last year of the Fraser Government, 1982-83, which was a period of
economic recession, Commonwealth own purpose outlays were 17.4 per cent of GDP.
Grants to the states by the Commonwealth amounted to 9.6 per cent of GDP.

The usefulness of this year for comparison purposes is that being a period of
high unemployment and negative growth it contained about the same proportion of
cyclical Budget deficit to 1991-92 when we hit the trough of the latest
recession. In 1991-92, Commonwealth own-purpose outlays represented 18.8 per
cent of GDP (up by 8 per cent as a proportion of GDP compared with 1982-83)
while assistance to the states amounted to 6.9 per cent (down 28 per cent
1982-83).

In the financial year just finishing Commonwealth own-purpose outlays will
represent 19.5 per cent of GDP, accounting for 12 per cent more of GDP than when
Labor assumed office.

Faced with an economic crisis the response of the Federal Government has been to
increase spending in the name of expansionary policies.

Contrast this with the strategy adopted by BHP's steel division. It has focused
on cost-cutting and lifting productivity. This has involved a loss of jobs.

However, BHP did more than cut staff; it lifted investment as a way of
increasing productivity. In recent years it has poured $4 billion into upgrading
plant and now proposes to maintain spending at the rate of $300 to $400 million
a year.

In practice it is the state governments which are the engines of public sector
capital investment in Australia.

By squeezing the flow of funds to the states the Commonwealth has imposed a
brake on public sector investment. The fault does not reside solely with
Canberra. Faced with shrinking revenues the states have opted to reduce
investment spending as the most politically painless tactic.

As a direct result our public sector is inhibiting the nation's growth
potential. So long as that continues our chances of returning to socially
acceptable levels of unemployment become more and more dependent on rates of
world growth which are simply unrealisable.

Like BHP, Australia can grow faster than the marketplace. Not in the short run
and not without pain.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1993 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Secretary's Column: 2014, a Year of Action, Partnership and Innovation at USDA

LENGTH: 686  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

This has been a tremendous year for the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the
rural families and communities we serve. Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden recently
shared a reflection on her most inspirational moments this year. I'm proud of
what we've accomplished at USDA over the course of this year, and I thought I'd
take a moment to share just a few of our top accomplishments.

Led what was widely called "the most successful Farm Bill implementation."

After the passage of the Farm Bill early this year, USDA pressed ahead at full
speed to implement its programs and provisions, which have benefited America's
farmers, ranchers and rural communities. You can track our progress at
www.usda.gov/farmbill.
Helped 146,000 rural Americans become first-time home buyers.


USDA has helped thousands of rural Americans achieve the dream of home
ownership, and helped countless more make critical repairs and upgrades to their
homes. Learn more at www.rurdev.usda.gov.
Achieved a record $152.5 billion in farm and ranch exports that supported 1
million jobs here at home.

America's farmers and ranchers achieved record exports yet again this year,
supported by Administration programs focused on opening markets abroad and
connecting potential exporters here at home with the resources they need to get
into the business of exporting. This year, we also launched the Made in Rural
America initiative, an effort to help rural businesses export non-farm products
made in rural communities.
Launched new initiatives that take public-private partnership to the next level
in rural America.

Over the course of 2014, USDA launched several new initiatives, including the
$10 billion Rural Infrastructure Opportunity fund, the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program, and the $150 million Rural Business Investment Company,
that leverage funding from private sector investors to build on USDA's own
investments in conservation, infrastructure, and small businesses, and expand
opportunity in rural communities. Learn more at www.usda.gov/opportunity.
Served more than 187 million summer meals to low-income kids, an increase of
more than 14 percent since 2009.

During the summer months, USDA's summer meals help make sure that kids get the
nutrition they need even when school is not in session. With strong support from
local partners, we've reached a record number of kids and ensured that they
begin the next school year healthy and ready to learn. Learn more at
www.fns.usda.gov/sfsp.
Filed 109 patent applications for innovative products and techniques developed
by USDA researchers.

Groundbreaking research conducted by USDA scientists ends up on your plate, in
your home and as the clothes on your back. Their discoveries in the lab
translate into science you can see. And thanks to the new Farm Bill, USDA was
able to establish the new Foundation for Food and Agricultural Research, which
will leverage public and private resources to further boost agricultural
research. For more stories on how USDA research impacts your everyday life,
visit blogs.usda.gov/category/science.

The list above is just a small snapshot--after all, it's hard to choose just a
few success stories from a year where we moved more than $4.3 billion in
critical disaster assistance to thousands of producers; answered nearly 1.3
million questions to help consumers stay food safe; made 340 investments in
local food infrastructure and launched a series of new web directories designed
to connect consumers with farmers markets, on-farm markets, CSAs and food hubs;
provided more than 3,500 microloans to help beginning and veteran farmers grow
their businesses; and lessened the threat of wildfires to communities by
treating 1.7 million acres of forest land. This has truly been a year of action,
partnership and innovation at USDA, and I know that as we look ahead to 2015,
USDA will continue to focus on making a positive impact in rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            March 9, 1989, Thursday

ECONOMIC DATA ABROAD

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 304 words

DATELINE:  BEIJING


INDUSTRIAL OUTPUT

SLOWS AGAIN IN CHINA

The rate of growth in China's industrial production continued to slow down in
February, China's Xinhua News Agency quoted the State Statistics Bureau as
saying.

Figures released Wednesday showed that the value of China's February industrial
output was 84.1 billion yuan ($ 22.5 billion), up 7.5 percent from a year
earlier. However, year-on-year growth was 8.2 percent in January.

January-February industrial output was valued at 181.8 billion yuan, up 8
percent. The output value of state enterprises rose 1.8 percent in February,
while that of rural

FRANCE'S ECONOMY

GREW 3.6 PERCENT IN 1988

PARIS - France's economy grew 3.6 percent in 1988, propelled by strong business
investment and export gains, the national statistical institute, Insee,
confirmed in a report Wednesday.

The principal motors of France's economy were a healthy 7 percent expansion of
business investment - including 11 percent to 12 percent growth in the export
competing sectors - and a sharp 6.4 percent increase in exports, following a
meager 1.7 percent export growth in 1987 and a 0.7 percent decline in 1986.

The export boom accounted for "nearly the entire additional gross domestic
product growth in 1988 above the (2.5 percent) level achieved in 1987," Insee
said.

CANADA LISTS 0.5 PERCENT RISE

IN LEADING INDICATOR

OTTAWA - Canada's composite leading economic indicator rose to 142.3 in
December, up 0.5 percent from November's 141.6, Statistics Canada reported
Wednesday.

The indicator rose in eight of 10 component indexes, led by the personal service
employment index and the house spending index, both up 0.8 percent. The
government agency reports these increases suggest little change in the prospects
for continued economic growth in Canada in the near term.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: ECONOMIC DATA ABROAD

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                          November 10, 2010 Wednesday
                              Business Day Edition

'Hard choices needed' to create 5-million jobs

BYLINE: LINDA ENSOR

SECTION: LABOUR

LENGTH: 514  words


'Hard choices needed' to create 5-million jobs

Political Correspondent

CAPE TOWN - Hard choices would have to be made by the government, business and
labour if SA was to achieve the rate of economic growth necessary to create
5-million jobs in 10 years, Business Unity SA (Busa) CEO Jerry Vilakazi said
yesterday.

The tough choices that Busa has in mind will be clarified in a document it is
preparing to feed into discussions about the new economic growth path announced
recently by Economic Development Minister Ebrahim Patel.

Mr Patel emphasised that for the strategy to be successful, a social pact on
prices and wages would be necessary, but the labour movement is vehemently
opposed to any form of wage restraint.

Mr Vilakazi told members of Parliament's labour committee the Busa document
would be ready in the next few weeks. It would include recommendations on how to
dovetail the education and training system more closely with the needs of the
economy and examine ways to absorb youth into the labour market.

In the case of business, Mr Vilakazi said the hard choices required would
involve looking at executive incentives, which were out of proportion to the
wages paid to workers, as well as a shift in the location of investment to rural
areas, where unemployment was the highest.

"Most of the people live in rural areas but investment patterns are directed to
urban areas, which creates problems of people moving to the cities," he said.

"The fact that business investments are primarily geared towards traditional
places which are more profit-generating is an issue which we have to open up for
debate. There are also serious questions about the incentives received by
management compared to what is earned by workers. We have to deal with that
question as well."

Mr Vilakazi said the government would have to look at cutting red tape, making
the public transport system more efficient and reducing the cost of doing
business. For workers, it would be a case of wage restraint, he said.

He believed wages often fell short of workers' requirements because of the large
sums workers had to spend getting to and from work and their homes - a result of
apartheid social planning.

"Public transport infrastructure becomes a key element in the cost of doing
business and labour costs," he said.

He believed the job-creation target outlined in the growth path was achievable,
although it would not be easy.

He noted that when the economy was growing at 5% a year it created 500000 jobs a
year. But Busa deputy CEO Raymond Parsons said that achieving a higher growth
rate would have to be a collaborative effort built around a "consensual
stability" over the strategies to pursue.

Mr Vilakazi strongly rejected suggestions by Democratic Alliance spokesman on
labour Ian Ollis that the relationship between the social partners was too
"cosy" and prevented business from speaking out on matters of social importance.

Mr Vilakazi said that because business engaged with the government on issues did
not mean that it did not voice its views when it disagreed with it.

ensorl@bdfm.co.za

Jerry Vilakazi

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Florida: DEO Seeking Proposals for Community Planning Technical Assistance
Grants

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Tallahassee: Department of Economic Opportunity, The State of Florida has
issued the following news release:



  The Florida Department of Economic Opportunity (DEO) is seeking proposals for
Community Planning Technical Assistance grants from communities across Florida.
The purpose of the grants is to assist counties and municipalities in developing
economic development strategies, meeting the requirements of the Community
Planning Act, addressing critical local planning issues, and promoting
innovative planning solutions to challenges identified by local government
applicants.





 DEO Executive Director Cissy Proctor said, "DEO strives to provide all Florida
communities, especially rural areas of the state, with the resources and
technical assistance they need to promote economic development and a better
quality of life for their residents. The Community Planning Technical Assistance
grants will help communities across Florida improve their ability to compete for
jobs, new residents and business investment."



 Grant proposals are being accepted now and must be received by the department
by May 2, 2016. Projects seeking grant funding must be completed by May 31,
2017. Typical grant awards will be between $25,000 and $40,000 per project.



 Community Planning Technical Assistance grants are for one fiscal year and are
available to counties and municipalities. Regional Planning Councils may also be
eligible for projects at a regional scale that include more than one county.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                           November 10, 2012 Saturday

Panel: Growth and Infrastructure

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 171 words


The Growth and Infrastructure Bill contains a raft of measures geared towards
helping the country to compete on a global stage, and to reduce bureaucracy
which "delays and discourages business investment, new infrastructure and job
creation".



They include unlocking new investment in energy projects and removing red tape
which is hindering superfast broadband installations.

Ministers say the bill would also allow the reconsideration of "economically
unviable" planning obligations to revive building work on stalled housing sites,
and cut the volume of paperwork required with planning applications.

But the Campaign to Protect Rural England (CPRE) described the bill as a
"below-the-radar" attack which could weaken the capacity of the planning system
to protect the environment.

David Hook, chairman of CPRE Norfolk's planning group, said: "With Norfolk
facing so many threats from development, any reduction in the powers that local
planners currently have at their disposal to safeguard the environment is to be
regretted."

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2012 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             August 7, 1987 Friday
                                  Late Edition

BUSINESS INVESTMENT TO RISE

BYLINE: PATRICIA HOWARD, in Melbourne

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 330 words


The recent major interest rate falls are expected to spur business investment by
between 2 per cent and 3 per cent during the next financial year, according to
the National Australia Bank.

But the bank warns that while this improved level of investment is desirable in
itself, it may retard the improvement in Australia's current account deficit and
bring further pressures on the economy.

In its latest Current Conditions and Prospects, the bank suggests the resulting
increased demand for capital equipment and industrial inputs from a higher level
of investment could aggravate Australia's trade imbalance.

As well as this danger, the bank is sceptical as to whether the recent strong
improvement in the trade component of the current account figure is sustainable.

"The value of Australia's rural exports is forecast to fall about 1 per cent in
1987-88 and coal producers face a period of declining prices and volumes," says
the bank. "If export prices continue to worsen, as some forecasters expect, the
current account shortfall will be even more pronounced.

"In these circumstances, the only feasible policy response is to dampen consumer
spending. This in turn will require more fiscal restraint, further falls in real
wages and a hastening in the rate of industrial restructuring."

But while the distant outlook may remain grey, there is some source of optimism
on the near horizon.

In its latest economic report, Lloyds Bank expects an improvement in Australia's
quarterly inflation rate, although the annual rate is likely to remain high.

"The effects of a firmer Australian dollar and on-going wage restraint during
the past year are expected to show in the June quarter consumer price index,
which should come in around 1.5 to 1.8 per cent," the bank says.

"If the market is looking for bad news though, it may frown on the stubbornly
high annual rate of inflation. But if the next quarterly figure is 1.8 per cent,
this will show an actual slowing in the annual inflation rate."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Capital Safe city project to be launched in September: Tahir Alam Khan

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 166

LENGTH: 524  words


In order to make Capital safe, secured and business investment friendly city as
many as 1890 security cameras will be installed in Federal Capital. The Safe
City Project will be launched this September. After installation of these
cameras, many police check points will be removed and check points will be kept
only in red zone areas.

Mr. Tahir Alam Khan, Inspector General Police Islamabad has stated this while
addressing the business community at Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
He said that a survey of urban areas has been done in Islamabad in collaboration
with NADRA and in the next phase, survey of rural areas will be done to develop
a database of all citizens.

This survey will help in controlling crimes and establishing peace. He said 99
Field Incharges have been deployed in Islamabad to monitor security situation
while 113 police officials have been deployed in various markets to improve
security situation. However, he added that more police force will be increased
for security of markets.

He said Islamabad Police has to provide security to VVIP, VIPs, diplomats and
other important dignitaries. Moreover, whenever an incident happens anywhere in
the country, protest is launched in Islamabad and this trend has increased
challenges for Islamabad Police.

He announced a Committee comprising representatives of Police and ICCI to
discuss and resolve problems of business community. He nominated Mr. Jamil
Hashmi SSP and SSP 15 from Police for said Committee and asked ICCI to nominate
its members so that Committee could start working.

He said that in collaboration with ICCI, Reconciliation Committees will be
reshuffled and business community will be given proper representation in such
Committees.

He said 3 years consistent members of ICCI will be issued special cards so that
they could not be stopped at police check points and be treated properly. He
assured that except for terrorism, dacoities and thefts, ICCI and concerned
market union will be taken on board before initiating action against any trader.

Highlighting the performance of Islamabad Police, he said compared to the period
from January to May 2014, murders have decreased by 28 percent, robberies by 44
percent, general thefts by 31 percent, burglaries by 32 percent, car thefts by
26 percent and motor cycles theft by 37 percent during the period from January
to May 2015.

In his address, Muzzamil Hussain Sabri, President, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce
and Industry highlighted various security related issues of business community,
He said security threats have increased for business centers including Centaurus
and police should ensure better security arrangements for markets.

ICCI Group leader Abdul Rauf Alam stressed upon the government to allocate more
funds to make Islamabad Police most modern police of the country and to bring it
at par with international standards.

Tariq Sadiq, Mian Akram Farid, Mohammad Ejaz Abbasi, Khalid Malik, Malik Sohail
Hussain, Sarfraz Haider, Ch. Riasat, Ch. Irfan, Khalid Mian and representatives
of various markets also highlighted issues of trade and industry and offered
suggestions for redress of the same.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Capital Safe city project to be launched in September: Tahir Alam Khan

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 166

LENGTH: 524  words


In order to make Capital safe, secured and business investment friendly city as
many as 1890 security cameras will be installed in Federal Capital. The Safe
City Project will be launched this September. After installation of these
cameras, many police check points will be removed and check points will be kept
only in red zone areas.

Mr. Tahir Alam Khan, Inspector General Police Islamabad has stated this while
addressing the business community at Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
He said that a survey of urban areas has been done in Islamabad in collaboration
with NADRA and in the next phase, survey of rural areas will be done to develop
a database of all citizens.

This survey will help in controlling crimes and establishing peace. He said 99
Field Incharges have been deployed in Islamabad to monitor security situation
while 113 police officials have been deployed in various markets to improve
security situation. However, he added that more police force will be increased
for security of markets.

He said Islamabad Police has to provide security to VVIP, VIPs, diplomats and
other important dignitaries. Moreover, whenever an incident happens anywhere in
the country, protest is launched in Islamabad and this trend has increased
challenges for Islamabad Police.

He announced a Committee comprising representatives of Police and ICCI to
discuss and resolve problems of business community. He nominated Mr. Jamil
Hashmi SSP and SSP 15 from Police for said Committee and asked ICCI to nominate
its members so that Committee could start working.

He said that in collaboration with ICCI, Reconciliation Committees will be
reshuffled and business community will be given proper representation in such
Committees.

He said 3 years consistent members of ICCI will be issued special cards so that
they could not be stopped at police check points and be treated properly. He
assured that except for terrorism, dacoities and thefts, ICCI and concerned
market union will be taken on board before initiating action against any trader.

Highlighting the performance of Islamabad Police, he said compared to the period
from January to May 2014, murders have decreased by 28 percent, robberies by 44
percent, general thefts by 31 percent, burglaries by 32 percent, car thefts by
26 percent and motor cycles theft by 37 percent during the period from January
to May 2015.

In his address, Muzzamil Hussain Sabri, President, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce
and Industry highlighted various security related issues of business community,
He said security threats have increased for business centers including Centaurus
and police should ensure better security arrangements for markets.

ICCI Group leader Abdul Rauf Alam stressed upon the government to allocate more
funds to make Islamabad Police most modern police of the country and to bring it
at par with international standards.

Tariq Sadiq, Mian Akram Farid, Mohammad Ejaz Abbasi, Khalid Malik, Malik Sohail
Hussain, Sarfraz Haider, Ch. Riasat, Ch. Irfan, Khalid Mian and representatives
of various markets also highlighted issues of trade and industry and offered
suggestions for redress of the same.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

States, Cities Told Commitment Is Required for Enterprise Zones

                            May 26, 1982, Wednesday

By a Bond Buyer Staff Writer

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS, May 25


States and localities will be expected to make long-term commitments if they
expect to participate in the Reagan Administration's proposed enterprise zone
program.

Delegates at the Municipal Finance Officers Association's annual conference here
was told that enterprise zones will be set up only if states and localities make
"effective and enforceable guarantees" of their commitments to the proposed
zone.

That warnings was issued today by Stewart Sloame, deputy assistant secretary of
Housing and Urban Development.

Under the administration's legislative proposal, states and localities would be
required to produce a package of contributions to the zones, that would be
located in economically distressed urban and rural areas.

These contributions can take the form of relaxed regulations, tax breaks, and
improved public services to lure business investments into the zones.  The
administration would create 75 of the zones over three years.

The administration, seeking to avoid the grant programs, would offer businesses
and workers a variety of tax breaks to make the zones attractive.

The Treasury Department estimates that the tax revenues lost through the
enterprise zones would amount $1 billion by 1987.

In choosing among the 2000 areas that would qualify, Mr. Sloame said, "we will
be looking at the quality and strength of the state and local contributions."

"We feel very strongly that it will take both the state and the community
contribution to make the package competitive," Mr. Sloame told his audience.

If the commitments are not "effective and enforceable," he said, "there won't be
much incentive for businesses to move there."

"This is an experimental program.  We hope it will work," he said.  The
administration intends to use the zones "primarily to help disadvantaged workers
living in the zones."

The administration, he said, hopes that Congress will approve the enterprize
zone legislation this fall.  However, he noted that the House Ways and Means
Committee has yet to schedule hearings on the bill.

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 349 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1982 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            September 8, 2003 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Economic miracle now in a state of decline

BYLINE: Josh Gordon, Economics Correspondent

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 862 words


Canberra

A year ago, Victoria was the nation's pin-up economy. If Australia was the
world's miracle economy then it would have been fair to call Victoria
Australia's miracle state.Victoria was comfortably outpacing Australia in terms
of building activity, retail, jobs and business investment.

But things have changed. Victoria is now lagging the nation in 15 out of 16 key
economic measures surveyed by The Age, including lower growth in business
investment, construction, retail sales, exports and jobs.

National accounts figures released last week revealed that state final demand -
a key measure of economic grow excluding net exports - was the lowest in the
nation in the June quarter.

Has the economy fallen off its perch or is the growth slowdown just an anomaly?

According to Treasurer John Brumby, the growth slowdown in the June quarter was
a speed bump thrown up by the drought and weak global conditions, with business
investment still strong and unemployment the lowest in the nation.

"Our growth rate has outperformed the nation over the past five years, with
average growth almost 1 per cent higher than the national average - 4.8 per cent
in Victoria compared to 3.9 per cent for the rest of Australia," Mr Brumby said.

But Shadow Treasurer Robert Clark said the State Government had given businesses
little reason for optimism and the state economy was now slipping as a result.

"The Bracks Government's continued tax slugs, its inability to make timely
decisions, the regulatory uncertainty it has created and its poor business
facilitation record are all undermining Victoria's economic potential and
dragging down the nation," Mr Clark said.

Here are some key sectors that affected growth in the June quarter.

Exports

Victorian sales of goods and services to the rest of the world crashed. The
export slump was caused in part by events that would have been difficult to
avoid. The worst drought in a century sliced hundreds of millions of dollars
from rural production. Foreign tourists stayed away because of concerns about
severe acute respiratory syndrome and war. A recovery in the dollar made exports
less attractive to the anaemic world economy.

But those factors do not explain why Victoria's export performance was so much
worse than those of the rest of the nation. Goods exports plummeted by 20 per
cent over the year to June, while nationally exports fell by 7 per cent.

Melbourne-based chief economist of ANZ Saul Eslake said he was "frankly a little
puzzled".

"It may be that drought hit harder here than anywhere else, it may be that
Victoria's manufacturing exports have been adversely affected by developments in
the Middle East," Mr Eslake said. "Maybe exports in Victoria were more affected
by SARS."

At least Victoria's car manufacturing sector appears relatively unscathed.
Toyota Australia spokesman Peter Griffin said Victorian car sales to the Middle
East - one of Australia's export success stories in recent years - were still
booming, despite earlier predictions that political instability in the region
would hurt one

of Australia's most lucrative markets.

"The conflict in the Middle East didn't have an impact on our sales," Mr Griffin
said. "We're on target for record exports this year. Sixty per cent of our
production is exported and the environment is very solid."

Housing

Victoria's building and real estate frenzy hit earlier and more intensely than
elsewhere, as strong economic growth helped reverse the big population exodus of
the early 1990s.

Over the year to August 2001, state building approvals suddenly doubled,
accounting for just about all of the national increase in that period.

Mr Eslake said Victoria had largely missed out on a national building surge in
the mid-1990s, which partly explained why activity was so strong in the latest
boom. However, because building had risen more rapidly than elsewhere, it now
had further to fall, Mr Eslake said.

Melbourne house prices are also rising at a more subdued rate, although they
have jumped by 134 per cent since the Howard Government was elected in March
1996. Recent anecdotal evidence has also suggested that Melbourne property is
cooling, with auction rates down and some real estate agents reporting lower
interest from buyers.

In the year to July, building approvals fell by more than 8 per cent, compared
with a 5 per cent drop nationally.

Retail

Victorian retail activity has also been more subdued than in the rest of the
nation.

Access Economics director Chris Richardson said a slowdown in Melbourne's
property frenzy meant people's houses weren't rising in value at the same rate,
making consumers less willing to spending up big in shops.

Much of the retail boom had also been a direct result of the building boom,
which triggered a massive increase in sales of household goods such as paint,
furniture, hardware and curtains.

"The long period of booming house prices and residential building - which helped
lift growth in sales of household goods significantly in Victoria - is now
tapering," a report from Access said. "The wider Victorian economy is weakening
from recent impressive strength and slower job gains and retail growth is
consistent with that wider picture."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two photos: In the year to July, Victorian building approvals fell by
more than 8 per cent. PICTURE: VINCE CALIGIURI

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Carmarthen Journal

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

Funding delivers firm extra success

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 16-17

LENGTH: 349  words


BUSINESSES in South Ceredigion are being encouraged to apply for a council grant
scheme after a Lampeter company's success with the scheme.

The Organic Fresh Food Company has managed to expand its business thanks to add
freshly baked bread to its shop and its home delivery service.

Owners Lucy Watson and Ben Pratt identified a gap in their product range and
wanted to start baking fresh bread. To help their own money go further they
applied to the Ceredigion Council-run Micro-Business Investment Fund for a grant
to help them buy the equipment they needed.

One of the uses for the money they received was a new bread oven for their shop.

Mr Pratt said: "Without the support of the Mirco-Enterprise Fund it would have
been really very difficult to get this project started.

"The application and the whole process was really straightforward and has meant
that we are now able to offer long fermentation sourdough loaves to our
customers in Lampeter and throughout Wales.

"It has helped us create one new job and we are in the process of taking on a
second person."

Grants range from £1,000 to £5,000 and are awarded to a maximum of 40 per cent
of the total project costs.

The grant can be awarded for the purchase of equipment, small scale premises
development, IT software and hardware and website development, provided each
item does not exceed £5,000. Other expenditure such as promotion, marketing and
attending specialist trade fairs would be acceptable as part of a project
proposal.

Councilor Gareth Lloyd, Ceredigion Cabinet member with responsibility for
Economic Development said: "This was the first grant to be awarded by the scheme
and it is good to see the money invested being turned into a tangible product on
the ground.

"We are very pleased to be able help this company to achieve their aspirations
for expansion in these difficult times and I wish them every success for the
future."

The fund is operated by Ceredigion  Council, which has received funding through
the Rural Development Plan,  funded by the Welsh Government and the European
Agricultural Fund for Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                 April 8, 2004

Mutual benefits for creatives and industry

SECTION: Business; Construction; Aggregates; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1101 words


The arts can be a massive economic generator. According to research by a
Government think-tank in the early 1990s, for every £1 spent in a theatre a
further £1.67 is registered in the wider economy.  The economic clout of
marrying the arts and business should therefore not be underestimated. This is
the raison d'etre of Arts & Business (A&B) South West, a national charity which
encourages collaboration between the business and cultural sectors.

Funded by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the Arts Council of
England, A&B has, since 2001, been trying to spread the word throughout the
region with much success.

During the August bank holiday weekend, more than 22,000 people walked an
illuminated night path through the grounds of Castle Hill in North Devon. The
trail, lit by 100,000 lights, lanterns and torches, included animation, music
and story-telling.

The magical event was sponsored by SWEB Energy, a subsidiary of EDF Energy, in a
bid to heighten the energy provider's profile at a local level.

It was A&B who brought Lightquest, the conceptualists behind the groundbreaking
light, sound and special effects spectacular, and SWEB Energy together. The
firm, a long-time sponsor of arts events and festivals in urban areas, was able
to reach out to a rural community and received accreditation on all promotional
material in return for its patronage.

Collaborations such as these are mutually beneficial; the artist receives a
much-needed financial boost while a business is given a certain amount of kudos
by way of association with a creative event.

While the concept of the benevolent industrialist giving a cash boost to the
local theatre, art centre or festival is long-established, many businesses are
often reluctant to put their name to high-risk projects.

A measure of financial support - namely from A&B - is therefore sometimes vital
in bringing the two worlds together. Since 2000, the organisation has invested
£325,000 in more than 50 projects which has helped to lever in £563,206 of
private sector cash.

Yet the South of the region - namely Devon and Cornwall - lacks the same
proportion of business sponsorship as contemporaries in Dorset, Bristol and
Somerset. To overcome the disparity in business investment, Mark Wallace, A&B's
business manager in Devon and Cornwall, says the challenge is to find an arts
package which meets sub-regional needs.

It is for this reason that A&B is holding a reception in Plymouth on April 21 to
introduce its work to the city's business community.  Following the opening of
an office in Exeter last year, A&B has been able to contribute £75,000 to
Exeter-based projects.

To put this in perspective, Plymouth firms have had little more than £3,000
worth of assistance.

Mr Wallace says there are multiple benefits for firms to be associated with the
arts community, particularly in an age when the modern business has to pay more
than lip service to corporate and social responsibility.

"Business investment in Devon and Cornwall is going up. Fifty per cent in
Exeter. There's on-going growth in the South West - up 55 per cent as a whole,"
Mr Wallace said.

"An arts organisation needs to realise what benefit they can offer to a business
- they need to bring something to the table. And business needs to understand a
thriving cultural city and developing the cultural offering is very important,"
he continued.

When a firm looks to relocate to the Westcountry, Mr Wallace argues, one of the
criteria that often needs to be satisfied is the arts provision. A location
where the work-life balance of staff is enhanced by the theatre, independent
cinemas, art galleries and exhibitions is likely to be a strong contender in the
continuing fight to attract firms to a region.

"Businesses understand the potential benefits," Mr Wallace argues. "Firms will
use it for marketing and staff development." He says firms often get involved
for a number of reasons at a time. It could be to improve bottom-line figures;
audiences of high-art events are often of the highest social demographic and a
captive audience for targeted marketing. It could be to find an active partner
to deliver corporate and social responsibility objectives and fulfil community
commitments or even to look more edgy and culturally aware by association.

One example is the partnership between Delabole Slate and Tate St Ives. Slate
from the Delabole quarry was one of sculptor Barbara Hepworth's materials of
choice. In recognition of this link, The Delabole Slate Company sponsored in
kind the refurbishment of Tate St Ives' Barbara Hepworth Museum.

To exploit the links further, an artist skilled in the medium and staff from
Tate's education department took students from four local schools to visit the
Hepworth Centenary Exhibition. They then went on to visit the Delabole quarry
and are now developing work back at school.

A selection of the work will be displayed at both Tate and Delabole, helping to
significantly raise the business's profile.

Whatever the reason, the notion of the arts and business worlds combining is
ever more prevalent. Last year the South West Regional Development Agency put
forward plans to build prominent pieces of public art worth £200,000 at the
gateway to Plymouth International business park.

The project will involve building a 15-metre spire-like sculpture on the Brest
Road roundabout and installing up to 13 high-quality signs and lighting,
including a main entrance sign on Tavistock Road.

The plans were submitted as part of a section 106 agreement, part of Plymouth
City Council's planning rules which require the RDA to ensure that the park
contains an element of public art.

The art will be designed by Stockport-based Eaton Waygood Associates, which has
worked on a number of public art projects in Plymouth, including the obelisk on
the Barbican's West Pier, the mobile at Coxside car park and the Pilgrim Steps
at West Pier. But is the altruism of business nothing more than an example of
boardroom indulgence? Not so says Sir Peter Davis, chief executive of
Sainsbury's, an advocate of A&B.

"At Sainsbury's we spend about a million a year on our relationship with the
arts. But it isn't largesse: there's mutual benefit. In making the arts more
accessible, we're also making Sainsbury's more relevant and accessible to the
people who matter to us - from customers to colleagues." For details visit
www.AandB.org.uk or phone the South West offices on 0117 929 0522 or 01392
434272 gdemianyk@westernmorningnews.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2004 Western Morning News


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                             August 22, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Business investment fell 1.9per cent in second quarter

BYLINE: IAN MCCONNELL

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 764 words


UK business investment tumbled a further 1.9per cent in the second quarter,
according to official figures yesterday which heightened fears that the 0.2per
cent overall economic growth figure for the three months to June could be
revised down today.

Yesterday's figures from the Office for National Statistics showed business
investment fell from GBP36.5bn in the first quarter to GBP35.8bn in the three
months to June 30.

This 1.9per cent drop followed a 1.8per cent fall between the fourth quarter of
2007 and the first three months of this year.

Capital Economics' Vicky Redwood noted this was the first time business
investment had fallen in consecutive quarters since 2001.

The ONS said investment by the manufacturing sector tumbled 5.8per cent between
the first and second quarters. The manufacturing investment figure of GBP3.53bn
for the three months to June was the weakest since the third quarter of 2004.

Service sector investment in the second quarter was GBP26.4bn, down 2.6per cent
on the preceding three months.

Investment by the construction and the non-manufacturing production industries
of electricity, gas, and water supply, agriculture and forestry, fishing, and
mining and quarrying, including oil and gas extraction, came to GBP4.77bn in the
second quarter. This was up 2.6per cent on the first quarter.

The ONS estimated second-quarter growth in UK gross domestic product at 0.2per
cent last month.

Subsequent data on August 5 revealed that industrial production had contracted
by 0.8per cent during the second quarter - rather than the 0.5per cent estimated
initially by the ONS - raising expectations that the overall growth figure could
be revised down today.

Yesterday's business investment data were viewed by economists yesterday as
another pointer to second-quarter growth being revised lower when the ONS
publishes its second release on GDP for the three months to June today.

Hetal Mehta, senior economic adviser to the Ernst & Young ITEM Club economic
think-tank, said yesterday: "Business investment, which accounts for over half
of total investment, fell sharply for the second consecutive quarter in Q2 ?
This significant fall reinforces our view that (the) GDP growth figures for Q2
are likely to be revised down from the preliminary estimate of 0.2per cent
quarter-on-quarter growth and 1.6per cent annual growth."

She added: "(The business investment) numbers indicate that it is not only
households who are struggling to cope with the fall-out from the credit crunch.
Businesses are also finding it difficult to acquire external sources of finance
as credit conditions remain persistently tight. And, as the economic gloom
builds, the environment for investing is deteriorating."

The falls in business investment since the start of 2008 followed eight
consecutive quarters of increase. Business investment in the three months to
June was still 1.9per cent higher than in the second quarter of last year.

David Kern, economic adviser to the British Chambers of Commerce, said: "The
fall in business investment in the second quarter of this year was worse than
anticipated. It confirms that businesses are being forced to retrench in the
face of the economic slowdown.

"The worsening economic pressures emphasise the need for the MPC (Monetary
Policy Committee of the Bank of England) and the government to take the correct
measures to counter the threat of recession."

Alysoun Stewart, head of entrepreneurial advisory services at accountancy firm
Grant Thornton, said: "The process of belt-tightening has begun in earnest as
business investment falls for a second quarter after a period of steady
increase. Non-essential investment is already on hold for many UK businesses as
costs are reined in, but on the flipside this will certainly have an ongoing
negative impact on the UK manufacturing sector as a significant proportion of
what is manufactured in the UK is used in the production of other goods, both
here and abroad.

"We are likely to see another 12 to 18 months of falling business investment in
response to economic conditions, but with this drop in investment comes the very
real danger of UK businesses falling behind competing firms abroad, particularly
in the fast-growing nations of the developing world."

Stewart claimed businesses with cash could now gain an edge over rivals by
continuing to invest. She said: "Those business that are cash rich and have the
ability to invest while others sit on their hands have the opportunity to create
a clear competitive advantage through both the latest technologies and upgraded
facilities and brand. "

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2008 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                           October 31, 2002, Thursday

Drought drying up trade

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Duncan Macfarlane

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 421 words


THE drought has caused a spectacular slump in rural exports, bringing an
unexpected deterioration in the trade deficit.

The $117 million blow-out in the deficit last month, revealed by the Australian
Bureau of Statistics yesterday, caught financial markets off guard.

"This outcome is a long way from our own and market expectations," Westpac
economist Huw McKay said.

"Clearly, the drought has taken its first bite out of export growth."

The trade figures show the value of rural exports fell by 5.6 per cent in
September as a result of an estimated 9.3 per cent plunge in their volume.

The slump is expected to cut about 0.1 of a percentage point from economic
growth in the September quarter, and the quarterly trade deficit will be a
larger-than-expected 4.2 per cent of GDP, or $7.8 billion.

Treasurer Peter Costello warned that the situation was likely to worsen and that
rain was the only answer.

"The drought will affect Australia's exports, obviously -- you are seeing that
already -- and I expect it will affect exports in future months," he said. "The
only answer to drought is rain, I'm afraid, and that is beyond the capacity of
any of us."

Economists expect the impact of the drought will be greatest in the fourth
quarter of this year, when rural exports will contract by close to 10 per cent.

Mr McKay said economic growth in the coming year could slip to less than 3 per
cent.

The Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics warned earlier this
week that the value of the national grains harvest was likely to be halved
because of the drought. And farm income was expected to fall by at least 40 per
cent.

In September, wheat exports slid $75 million but there were rural bright spots
such as the value of wool and sheepskin increasing by 16 per cent to $311
million.

The overall deficit increased to $948 million from $831 million in August,
mainly because imports fell only 1.4 per cent and exports fell 2.4 per cent.

Even exports of services not affected by the drought fell by 1.1 per cent, hurt
by the 11 per cent slump in tourist arrivals.

The ABS also released data yesterday showing skilled vacancies fell by 2.9 per
cent in October, after an 8.4 per cent rise in September.

Meanwhile, the quarter Investment Monitor from ACCESS economics has revealed the
total value of planned business investment has again strengthened.

In the past three months, 202 new projects have been added compared with 167 in
the June quarter.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                            November 22, 2009 Sunday

Punjab Opens Up for 'Global Investment'

LENGTH: 523 words


DUBAI -- The Punjab, despite being ravaged by militancy in the past, has now
emerged as one of the most progressive states in India and is opening up for
"global investment," according to state Chief Minister Prakash Singh Badal.

Badal, who was transiting through Dubai on Friday, stressed that his state
offers some excellent investment opportunities for industrialists and
businessmen, especially Non-Resident Indians (NRIs). Also, he added, Punjab is
now ranked at the top in India in several sectors including infrastructure,
business investment and agro-processing. He was delivering a keynote address at
a lunch hosted by the Indian Business and Professional Council at the Le
Meridien hotel.

There are also some very attractive schemes for industrialists and business
entrepreneurs: For instance, he said, free land and 50 per cent of the
construction cost would be provided by the government for establishing approved
educational institutions in the villages and rural areas. The state would also
bear 70 per cent of the institution's running expenses and there would be no
government interference as far as its management is concerned.

Similarly, said Badal, for approved local area development projects, the
government would support any such initiative by meeting 50 per cent of the
project cost.

He admitted that while the state at present suffers from, "some shortage of
power," the government is addressing this problem and there will soon be a power
surplus in the energy sector with new thermal plants coming up in the state.

The Chief Minister, in a thinly-veiled reference to the ruling Congress
party-led coalition at the centre, said, the federal government in New Delhi
must ensure that some special grants and concessions that are made available to
other states, "should also be made available for Punjab."

He said, there is a "dire need" for development in the country's villages and
rural areas and said that any investor or NRIs investing in this sector, "would
be given a red-carpet welcome."

Appealing directly to his audience, he said, "What we need most is your
knowledge and experience, besides your investments." Some of the key areas for
global/NRI investment include "new technologies in various fields and any help
big or small is most welcome."

Creating new facilities, especially for NRIs, he said Punjab has set up a
high-powered advisory committee for NRIs and also special police stations for
NRIs so that their grievances can be addressed on a priority basis.

The Indian Consul General in Dubai Venu Rajamony who also spoke on the occasion
said, "the UAE has one of the largest communities of Indian abroad and even
here, the Punjabis who are renowned for their entrepreneurial skills have proved
themselves in different spheres."

Earlier, the IBPC president Paras Shadadpuri said in his welcome speech, "Punjab
has been in the forefront in various sectors and is the number one state in the
country in information technology, agriculture yield and productivity, education
and health care." Also, he added, "This is the best time to invest in India,
especially in progressive and developed states like Punjab."

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2009 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Carson City


The State of Nevada has issued the following news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  West Briton

                                 April 1, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Owners' guide to finance

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 112 words


BUSINESS OWNERS can find out what finance is available to help their companies
grow, at a special seminar.

Winter Rule, solicitors Stephens Scown and Business Link are organising the
Finance in Cornwall seminar which attracted more than 80 people last year.

It will feature presentations from a range of finance providers, including the
South West Regional Development Agency's grant for business investment and grant
for research and development teams and the Rural Development Programme for
England.

The free event will be held at the Hotel Bristol in Newquay on May 13 from
2.30pm to 6.30pm.

To book a place, e-mail Isobel Birbeck at Winter Rule at
ibirbeck@winterrule.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WBR


                           Copyright 2010 West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Darwin Palmerston Sun (Australia)

                            June 18, 2008 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

IN PROFLIE: PIENING REAL ESTATE

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 201 words


Piening Real Estate Pty Ltd is a name well known for Land and Property sales in
Darwin's Rural area.

Our family owned and operated business has been servicing the community since
1982.

Within that time we have continued to move forward, keeping with the times,
whilst holding on to old-fashioned values.

At Piening's we pride ourselves on friendly and honest service, we also take
great satisfaction in providing the community with a professional service that
is second to none.

At Piening's we specialise in residential, business and investment properties.
We also have exceptional experience in handling appraisals and land estates.

We do not charge advertising or marketing fees and our commission rate's are
very competitive.

We believe in our "NO SALE, NO FEE" approach as it ensures our vendors get the
best possible service.

NEWS FLASH

Piening Real Estate is extending into Palmerston!

Nuriye Piening has now been successfully listing and selling properties in the
Palmerston area.

Her dedication and commitment is unsurpassed.

If you have any queries regarding the properties we have available or questions
about listing your property please contact Nuriye for an obligation free
appraisal phone 0429 826 650.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Darwin Palmerston Sun (Australia)

                             April 15, 2008 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

IN PROFILE - Piening Real Estate

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 201 words


Piening Real Estate Pty Ltd is a name well known for Land and Property sales in
Darwin's Rural area.

Our family owned and operated business has been servicing the community since
1982.

Within that time we have continued to move forward, keeping with the times,
whilst holding on to old-fashioned values.

At Piening's we pride ourselves on friendly and honest service, we also take
great satisfaction in providing the community with a professional service that
is second to none.

At Piening's we specialise in residential, business and investment properties.

We also have exceptional experience in handling appraisals and land estates.

We do not charge advertising or marketing fees and our commission rate's are
very competitive.

We believe in our " NO SALE, NO FEE" approach as it ensures our Vendors get the
best possible service.

NEWS FLASH!!

Piening Real Estate is extending into Palmerston!

Nuriye Piening has now been successfully listing and selling properties in the
Palmerston area.

Her dedication and commitment is unsurpassed.

If you have any queries regarding the properties we have available or questions
about listing your property please contact Nuriye for an obligation free
appraisal phone 0429 826 650.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DPS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Territorian (Australia)

                            February 17, 2008 Sunday
                                  1 - Edition

Old-fashioned values

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 159 words


PIENING Real Estate Pty Ltd is a name well-known for land and property sales in
Darwin's rural area.

This family-owned and operated business has been servicing the community since
1982.

Pienings have continued to move forward, keeping with the times, while holding
on to old-fashioned values.

At Pienings they pride themselves on friendly and honest service and take great
satisfaction in providing the community with a professional service that is
second to none.

They specialise in residential, business and investment properties.

Pienings also have exceptional experience in handling appraisals and land
estates.

They do not charge advertising or marketing fees and their commission rates are
competitive.

The company has a ``no sale, no fee'' approach because it ensures its vendors
get the best possible service.

Piening Real Estate is also extending into Palmerston.

Nuriye Piening has now been successfully listing and selling properties in the
Palmerston area.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Albert & Logan News (Australia)

                            April 26, 2006 Wednesday

Beaudesert;
no longer;
in the bush

SECTION: Pg. E04

LENGTH: 309  words


F OR the last 23 years, most residents of the state seat of Beaudesert have
voted for the National Party's Kev Linguard.

But the electorate of Beaudesert has changed from a predominantly rural
constituency to one that now includes many families with young children.
Families that need schools, good health facilities and jobs.

According to the Labor Party's recently-endorsed candidate for Beaudesert Brett
Raguse, those needs are not being met by the sitting state member.

A resident of the region for 25 years, Mr Raguse, 46, believes there has been no
infrastructure planning in the area.

He said issues confronting the electorate included a lack of public transport,
poor roads and business investment.

''Representation has been of an era that's long gone. While the farming
community is still important, there are lots of young families who are not being
represented (at a state level),'' he said.

Mr Raguse said Beaudesert had to plan for the future.

With a background in publishing and tertiary education, Mr Raguse is currently a
policy adviser for the Minister for Environment, Local Government, Planning and
Women, Desley Boyle.

He advises the minister on planning and local government, and it is clear he is
well-versed in future developments in Beaudesert Shire such as the Yarrabilba
project and the Bromelton industrial estate.

''You have to look now for the next 20 years . . . a lot of people don't
necessarily want change (in Beaudesert), but they do want to have services
enhanced,'' he said.

Mr Raguse said his election campaign would focus on the issue of representation,
not party politics.

And he strongly disagrees that Premier Peter Beattie is ''on the nose''
statewide after losing his third by-election in a row.

''At this stage, there's very little criticism of the government when
contrasting it with local issues on the ground,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ALW


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             May 10, 1995 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Treasury sees growth of 3.75pc in its crystal ball;
BUDGET 1995 The economy

BYLINE: STEPHEN ELLIS

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 678 words


THE Federal Treasury has forecast that the economy will grow at a more
sustainable 3.75 per cent in 1995-96, with business investment expanding
strongly but private-consumption growth tapering off.

It has also cut its GDP projections for 1996-97 and 1997-98 from 4 per cent to
3.75 per cent, to allay financial market fears that the Government's fiscal
plans are based on unrealistic economic forecasts.

Government forecasters do not envisage any downturn over the next four years,
however - a call which some in the private sector are likely to strongly
disagree with.

Business investment is forecast to grow 13 per cent in 1995-96, on top of the 18
per cent forecast for this year. This will lift the ratio of business investment
to GDP towards 12 per cent.

The overall rise in investment is underpinned by an important shift in the
components of investment.

Plant and equipment spending, which has dominated business capital expenditure
in the upswing, is forecast to grow 11 per cent next year - half as fast as in
1994-95.

In contrast, the growth rate for investment in non-dwelling construction is
predicted to rise from 5 per cent this year to 17 per cent next year, a return
to the growth rates in this sector of much of the 1980s.

Unlike the 1980s, however, the non-dwelling construction boom will be
broad-based rather than focused on CBD office space - including vigorous private
investment in transport and communications infrastructure and in big-ticket
projects such as the Sydney Casino and Sydney Olympic Stadium.

The Treasury says that despite further strong business investment, the ratio of
capital stock to output is likely to remain below the peak reached in the early
1990s. But increases in capital productivity may make a high ratio less
necessary than in the past, Budget Statement Two says.

With investment still growing strongly and the national savings measures
included in the Budget unlikely to have much effect until later in the decade,
the current account deficit will again be higher in 1995-96.

The Budget estimate is for a shortfall of $27 billion in the year - the same
dollar amount as this year, but a smaller proportion of GDP (5.5 per cent,
against a deficit of 6 per cent in 1994-95).

Higher interest costs as increasing world interest rates begin to affect
Australian foreign borrowing, and continued higher dividend outflows are the
main cause of the

continued current account gap.

More positively, the Treasury expects that there will be a partial recovery in
farm exports as the drought fades in some areas, and a return to sustained
growth for exports of elaborate manufactures. Better prices for non-rural
commodities are also expected.

Household savings are projected to rise to 5.25 per cent of GDP, as higher
employment (up 3 per cent) and wages (up 4.5 per cent) increase household
incomes.

The forecasts included in Statement Two predict a rise of 4 per cent in the
consumer price index (or headline rate of inflation) in 1995-96.

Treasury's measure of underlying inflation (which covers about half of the CPI
and which the Reserve Bank says it will monitor for monetary policy purposes)
will rise 3.25 per cent in year-average terms. Underlying prices will be forced
higher by wages growth, which will outstrip productivity growth over the year,
by more costly business inputs, and by indirect tax increases.

The Treasury also warns that the weaker $A, if sustained, holds the potential to
"feed through into higher retail prices of imported goods", although the extent
is unclear.

Headline price pressures will begin to abate from early 1995-96, however,
although the underlying rate will still be well above the 2-3 per cent band the
authorities aim to achieve.

ECONOMY

THE MAIN POINTS

* Growth of 3.75 per cent for next three years

* CPI to increase four per cent in 1995-96

* Treasury estimates underlying inflation rate of 3.25 per cent in 1995-96

* Current account deficit of $27 billion this year and 1995-96

* Wages up 4.5 per cent in 1995-96

* Housing cycle continues falling - down 13 per cent

* Employment to grow by three per cent

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Four graphs: THE ECONOMY: Current account; Av. weekly earnings; CPI;
GDP growth (all 1989/90 to 1995/96). Source: Budget Papers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1995 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

BRIEFCASE

BYLINE: From wire reports<br>

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 465 words


PG&E PLEADS NOT GUILTY IN DEADLY PIPELINE BLAST

SAN FRANCISCO - Pacific Gas & Electric Co. pleaded not guilty Monday to a dozen
felony charges stemming from alleged safety violations in a deadly 2010 natural
gas pipeline explosion that leveled a suburban neighborhood in the San Francisco
Bay Area.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Joseph Spero noted prosecutors' request to increase the
maximum fine PG&E could face to more than $6 million, if the court decides the
company somehow benefited financially or saved money as a result of criminal
misconduct.

San Bruno city officials hailed the development as a positive step and said they
believed company officials should be charged as well.

PG&E said in a statement the company is holding itself accountable and does not
believe any employee intentionally violated federal regulations.

UNITED AUTO WORKERS DROPS APPEAL OF VOTE

NASHVILLE, TENN. - The United Auto Workers dropped its appeal of a worker vote
against unionizing at a Volkswagen plant in Tennessee, a move that the union
said should put pressure on Republican politicians to quickly approve incentives
the German automaker is seeking to expand its lone U.S. assembly plant.

The prolonged fight over labor issues at the Chattanooga facility appeared
headed for a lengthy National Labor Relations Board appeal until the UAW
announced an hour before a scheduled hearing that it was ending its challenge.

Some Republican lawmakers had blamed the appeal for holding up expansion plans
at the plant.

USDA ANNOUNCES RURAL INVESTMENT PROGRAM

DES MOINES, IOWA - The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Monday a new
$150 million program designed to provide investment capital to help small
agriculture-related business in rural areas with cash needed to expand.

Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack announced in Cedar Rapids the formation of
the first Rural Business Investment Company, a for-profit firm licensed by the
USDA to invest in businesses that otherwise might not have the capital to
increase business opportunities.

HIGHER COSTS PRESSURED BUSINESSES IN 1ST QUARTER

NEW YORK - Rising costs for materials and labor appear to be pressuring
businesses, according to a quarterly survey from the National Association for
Business Economics.

During the first quarter of the year, 31 percent of businesses surveyed reported
higher material costs, more than double the 15 percent that saw costs rise in
the previous survey. Additionally, 35 percent reported rising wages and salaries
at their businesses in the past three months, up from 23 percent in January.

Yet those who said they raised the prices they charge in the past three months
remained unchanged at 20 percent, according to the latest NABE survey of 72
members, which was conducted between March 18 and April 1.

TYPE: Column, Briefs

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: USDA Announces $59 Million in Loans and Grants to Increase Economic
Opportunity, Support Rural Microenterprise Development

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

USDA Rural Development Acting Under Secretary Doug O'Brien today announced the
selection of 85 utilities and development organizations for loans and grants to
support rural business activities that will boost economic growth in rural
communities.

"These USDA investments capitalize rural small businesses, which allows the
owners to expand operations, enter into new markets and increase hiring,"
O'Brien said. "The investments we are announcing today include financing to
development organizations for microlending to very small rural businesses. Funds
are also being provided to utilities to pass on to local businesses for
development projects. These innovative programs increase economic opportunities
in rural areas - a top priority of Secretary Vilsack and President Obama."

O'Brien announced the rural business investments while in Kentucky with Governor
Steve Beshear, Congressman Hal Rogers, and the executive board of Shaping Our
Appalachian Region (SOAR)This is an external link or third-party site outside of
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. to discuss
investment opportunities in eastern Kentucky, including Promise Zones and
regional SOAR initiatives.

Funds are being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant
Program (REDLG) and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). Under
the REDLG program, USDA provides zero-interest loans to local utilities which
then, in turn, relend the funds to local businesses (ultimate recipients) for
projects that will create and retain employment in rural areas. The program
funds business start-up or expansion, business incubators, education and
training facilities and equipment, community development assistance, health care
and other projects that support rural jobs.

Under RMAP, USDA provides loans to Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs) that, in turn, make microloans for business start-up or development to
eligible microentrepreneurs defined as very small businesses with 10 or fewer
employees. Grants are available for MDOs to provide technical assistance and
training, particularly in rural areas experiencing persistent poverty or
significant outmigration. USDA does not directly provide funds to the ultimate
recipients.

The Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program was created under the 2008 Farm
Bill and recently reauthorized through the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is receiving a $500,000 RMAP loan
to capitalize a revolving loan fund to provide microloans to very small
businesses in 19 counties designated by the Appalachian Regional Commission as
distressed communities. The Kentucky Highlands Investment Corporation is the
lead organization carrying out the state's Promise Zone initiative. Its Promise
Zone work was made possible through the financial support from USDA.

MEDI, Inc., is receiving a $400,000 RMAP loan and $100,000 RMAP grant to serve
as a microlender and technical assistance provider for very small rural
businesses throughout Kentucky.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, Rural Development has invested more
than $4.4 billion in Kentucky. The agency is targeting assistance to persistent
poverty areas in Appalachian Kentucky through the USDA StrikeForce Initiative
for Rural Growth and Opportunity, and will continue its work with Governor
Beshear and his staff, the Kentucky Congressional Delegation, other federal
agencies, SOAR officials and community leaders throughout the region to benefit
rural communities in the impacted areas.

At the national level, the USDA investments are meeting a wide variety of
business and manufacturing needs across rural America. For example, in South
Carolina, the Santee Electric Cooperative is receiving a $1 million Rural
Economic Development loan to support the local "Help My House program," which
makes energy efficiency improvements in the rural areas of Williamsburg,
Georgetown, Clarendon and Florence Counties. The Nodak Electric Cooperative in
North Dakota is receiving a $775,000 Rural Economic Development loan to help S&S
Grain, Inc. purchase and renovate a building in Walhalla, N.D., for grain
drying, handling and storage.

The Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program directly supports the
Obama Administration's Investing in Manufacturing Communities Partnership (IMCP)
initiative to boost the manufacturing sector and create well-paying
manufacturing jobs, using economic development resources available through
existing Federal programs.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing over $59 million in loans and
grants to 85 organizations in 31 states, including the District of Columbia, to
strengthen rural businesses and promote economic development. The funding is
contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their loan or grant
agreements.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                           October 2, 1991 Wednesday

BYLINE: BUCKLEY AMANDA

LENGTH: 468 words


Mr John Kerin . . . close to living within our means.

Kerin hails start of recession's end By AMANDA BUCKLEY TRADE in Australia's
goods and services earned $696 million last month - the highest monthly earnings
in history.

And, says the Treasurer, Mr John Kerin, that is a sure sign the economy is
heading out of recession.

The latest trade figures showed a massive 47 per cent fall in the current
account deficit to $575 million - the smallest monthly deficit for two and a
half years.

This result, much better than markets expected, was hailed by some major banks,
including Wesptac and Schroders Merchant Bank, as a sign there could be further
interest rate cuts ahead.

But Mr Kerin warned he was still being attacked for last month's 1 per cent
interest rate drop and any new interest rates cuts would not affect the economy
for nine to 12 months when the recovery could be well under way.

A delighted Mr Kerin said that although the nation had been in a slump for
longer than anyone wanted, "we are coming out of recession".

"What this means economically is that we are getting close to living within our
means," Mr Kerin said.

While exports rose only 1 per cent, imports fell a huge 12 per cent - recording
their lowest figure on record since September 1988.

Mr Kerin said it was important to note that while rural exports had suffered,
exports in the all-important manufactured products were up 24 per cent on this
time last year.

"These are very good figures and the Budget strategy is on track," Mr Kerin
said.

The share market reacted with a 24.3 point jump while the dollar remained fairly
steady closing trade at 79.85 cents US, a fall of 10 basis points.

The largest fall in imports were in transport, machinery, road vehicles, fuel
and civil aircraft.

Rural exports fell by 8 per cent.

But gold increased by 54 per cent and manufactures by 16 per cent.

The Leader of the Federal Opposition, Dr John Hewson, said the latest balance of
payment figures for August showed how weak the economy was and how wrong the
Government was to claim there was a recovery under way.

"Those numbers just show a collapse of imports which suggest there isn't any
recovery and there will not be until business investment picks up," he said.

Dr Hewson, who was speaking at a Liberal Party luncheon in Hobart yesterday,
said economists had expected imports to pick up a bit as the economy recovered.

"The fact that they have been so weak suggests the economy is very flat," he
said.

"Our view is that the economy is still in the recession and is still bumping
along the bottom so some quarters look better and some statistics look better,
then next month they look worse." Dr Hewson said that he did not expect to see
any sustained recovery until business investment picked up.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mr John Kerin920NEWS

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday

CREDIT CRUNCH ISN'T SQUEEZING EQUITY LENDERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 707 words


At a time when banks are loath to lend money to other banks, New Mexico's rural
entrepreneurs may wonder if it's even worth trying to obtain the credit they
need to stay in business.

That's where the Small Business Administration and its partners come in with
programs to help launch and build rural businesses and to help rural innovators
overcome the special problems posed by distance from customers, markets and
workers and the lack of a telecommunications infrastructure.

SBA's financial assistance consists of guarantees to banks to share the risk of
lending to entrepreneurs. Just this year the agency instituted the Rural Lender
Advantage initiative to foster economic development in rural areas by making it
easier for smaller community banks to partner with the SBA to finance small
businesses.

With a maximum loan amount of $350,000, expedited approval, limited
documentation requirements and the federal government's guarantee that the bank
won't lose its entire investment in case of default, this tool makes community
banks more willing to help New Mexico's rural entrepreneurs pursue their
business goals.

Pick your loan

The Patriot Express loan is the best deal available for those who are eligible:
veterans, National Guard members and reservists, active-duty military in
transition to civilian life, spouses of those in the military and spouses of
service members who died in the military or of service-related causes.

This express loan requires little documentation beyond the bank's own loan
requirements and provides up to $500,000 with the full SBA guarantee (the
government promises, in case of borrower default, to repay 85 percent of loans
up to $150,000 and 75 percent of larger loans). An additional benefit to the
borrower is the federal agency's lowest interest rate, and some New Mexico banks
add sweeteners of their own to the Patriot Express deal.

The Community Express initiative focuses on economically stressed areas of the
state. It is available in any part of New Mexico for up to $25,000, and many of
the state's rural areas are eligible for up to $250,000. Community Express
provides technical assistance for the borrower and expedited approval designed
to get funding where it's needed as quickly as possible.

Microloans are for borrowers not ready to request a loan from a bank.
Microlenders work closely with borrowers and are often able to make loans that
banks can't. The SBA microloan program is managed in New Mexico by WESST Corp.
The Loan Fund and ACCION New Mexico are also microlenders and are very active in
rural areas.

Finally, SBA's 504 loan program backs larger ventures and those with a
real-estate orientation. It has proved useful for manufacturing facilities and
tourist development in rural areas with a maximum project amount of $10 million.

A map to the money

New Mexico is the nation's fifth-largest state in terms of area, and it is the
SBA's third-largest district. Nevertheless, nearly every New Mexican lives
within 100 miles of one of the 30 places where SBA or its partners provides
management and technical assistance in New Mexico: the district office in
Albuquerque; three chapters of the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE);
six offices of WESST Corp., the New Mexico Women's Business Centers; and 19
Small Business Development Centers, some of which have branch offices.

SBA provides a small business Internet search engine at www.business.gov that
provides information about starting a business -- even in rural areas of the
state. The SBA New Mexico Web site, www.sba.gov/nm, provides access to a wealth
of business planning and management tools, information about SBA financing
programs, government contracting assistance and access to the many other
services SBA provides nationwide.

John C. Woosley, district director of U. S. Small Business Administration, New
Mexico District Office, is the author of this column.

Finance New Mexico is an initiative of the New Mexico Small Business Investment
Corporation (NMSBIC) and its partners to assist individuals and businesses in
obtaining skills and funding-resources for their business or idea. To learn more
about resources available to New Mexico businesses or to use the capital
search-tool, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                           October 15, 2011 Saturday

New E-Learning Device to Benefit Students

LENGTH: 386  words


A team of American university students is set to be introduce an electronic
learning device- iSlate tablet - to enable Rwandan students learn with ease.

A group of five post-graduate students from Rice University Business School in
Houston, Texas are in the country to do extensive research on how the technology
can be introduced in schools.

"The device is in form of an electronic book and kids in junior schools can be
able to do their homework using the iSlate tablet, "said Sean Ferguson,
Assistant Dean of Degree Programmes at Rice University, while speaking to The
New Times yesterday.

He stated that the learning device is designed based on an extensive research
done by world class experts, who have incorporated visual science and other
tools to ensure that it improves the whole learning process.

Ferguson who also leads the team said that iSlate is useful for learning for any
age group of students and at US$50 dollars, it is extremely cost effective.

Pallavi Hisaria, a team member, also mentioned that the electronic notepad does
not require any infrastructure or internet connection and can run on solar
power.

"Students would be able to upload their curriculum on the device because it
contains specific functions for learning only and it is operated in form of a
touch screen," she noted.

"We are still developing the device ... we shall come back to demonstrate
prototypes in Rwanda."

Hisaria mentioned that the electronic notebook will assist students from rural
schools to access an improved learning experience and compete with others in
urban places. She said that the prototypes of the device were tested in schools
in India early this year.

Another team member, Ryan Richard Hazard, said that the team chose to introduce
the device in Rwanda because the country has the desire to transform into an
Information communication technology hub in the region.

"Rwanda's environment is conducive for business investment and the country is
also putting much emphasis on the education sector, "he added.

Once the device is introduced in the country, it will allow school children from
rural areas without access to electricity to have utilise the electronic
notepad.

The American students are in the country until October 18, as part of their
coursework known as "Commercialising Technology in Developing Countries".

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                              June 2, 1997, Monday

Record spending extends

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: WATSON R

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 508 words


BUSINESS investment in Queensland is running at its highest level since the
start of the coal mining boom in the late 1970s, which saw billions of dollars
pour into the state.

And, according to official Treasury forecasts contained in last week's Budget
papers, the record investment levels _ as a proportion of state economic
activity _ will continue for at least another year.

The only change in business investment will be the composition of that
investment, with non-dwelling construction playing a greater role in 1997-98
after equipment investment fuelled strong growth in the past few years.

Treasury forecasts business investment to grow a further 7 percent in 1997-98,
following an estimated 19 percent jump in 1996-97.

"Factors pointing to further growth in business investment include rising levels
of business confidence, continuing high levels of capacity utilisation, lower
prices of imported investment goods over the past year, low nominal interest
rates and continuing high levels of company profits," Treasury says.

"The particularly strong growth in equipment investment in recent years has
pushed overall business investment to its highest level, as a proportion of
gross state product, in over 20 years.

"While some slowing in this strong growth is inevitable, business investment
will remain at record high levels."

From Page 17

Mining to drive growth Treasury says equipment investment is forecast to grow 5
percent in 1997-98, which is in line with Australian Bureau of Statistics'
survey results.

Non-dwelling construction in 1997-98 should rise a further 10 percent, compared
with 18 percent in 1996-97.

The major impetus for the projected growth will come from new mining projects,
particularly the $1.2 billion Century Zinc mine in north-west Queensland.

"Growth in non-dwelling construction activity will also be supported by a number
of other ventures including the development of the Calliope Metals, Korea Zinc,
Stuart Oil Shale and Western Mining Corporation's fertiliser projects and the
south-west Queensland to Mount Isa gas pipeline," Treasury says.

"Strong construction activity is also expected in the retail and tourist
accommodation sectors."

Overall, the Queensland economy is forecast to grow 4.5 percent in 1997-98,
against 4 percent in 1996-97.

The medium-term outlook is for 4.5 percent economic growth until at least
2000-2001, which is 1 percentage point more than the national average.

Treasury warns, however, that its forecasts are based on a number of
"assumptions".

These include a "timely resolution of the Wik decision".

"In the event of prolonged indecision on Wik, Queensland is open to greater
uncertainty than the rest of Australia, with more than 75 percent of
Queensland's land area subject to the Native Title Act, compared with 42 percent
nationally," Treasury says.

"This uncertainty may reduce and delay investment in mining and rural industries
and, consequently, slow the rate of economic growth in Queensland, relative to
the rest of Australia."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               South West Farmer

                              March 1, 2010 Monday

Farmland prices rise

SECTION: FARMING NEWS (SWF FARMING NEWS)

LENGTH: 415 words


Farmland prices rose in the second half of 2009 as land once again became an
attractive investment, and landowners' reluctance to sell pushed supply to
exceptionally low levels, says the latest RICS rural market survey. Thirty-one
percent more chartered surveyors saw demand for commercial farmland rise rather
than fall in the six months to December last year. This was up from 22 percent
in the previous half year and demonstrates the growing appeal of land as an
asset class. Demand for residential farmland also started to pick up, with one
percent more surveyors reporting it rising rather than falling, in stark
contrast to the first half of the year when 30 percent more reported it to be
falling.

Demand is coming from investors who view farmland as a stable venture,
reflecting the fact that prices have remained resilient throughout the
recession. Established farmers are also looking to capitalise on rising
livestock prices and greater optimism surrounding the prospects for agriculture
by acquiring land close by so that they can expand their existing operations.

Meanwhile, those with land are keen to hold on to it and as such very little is
coming on to the market, which is helping to drive up prices further. The net
balance of surveyors reporting falling rather than rising availability of land
stands at 40 percent for commercial land and 43 percent for residential
farmland.

Bare land prices, which are based on the opinions of respondents to the survey,
rose by four percent in the six months to December last year and now stands at
£12,715 per hectare (up from £12,172). Over the same period, the transaction
based measure for land which includes a residential component rose by 7.8
percent and now stands at £16,381 per hectare (up from £15,199).

RICS spokesperson, Sue Steer said: "When prices were rising two years ago it was
mainly being fuelled by hobby farmers, buying up rural retreats with city bonus
money and inflating the market. However these latest results indicate that it is
now farmers looking to expand and investors who see it as a viable business or
investment class that are fuelling the rise in demand.

"Those with land are loath to dispose of it, and those without, or with a
limited supply, are keen to get into the market and capitalise on its rising
value. Couple this with the fact that farmers are increasingly optimistic about
the outlook for agriculture and suddenly an investment in either pasture or
arable land is a very attractive prospect."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           September 8, 2011 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Law firm s £9m turnover

BYLINE: NO BYLINE

SECTION: HS - BUSINESS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 111 words


EDINBURGH law firm Gillespie Macandrew has reported a 2% turnover increase to £9
million in the 2010-11 financial year, and an unchanged profit of £2.7m.

The firm expanded partners to 20 during the year, and now has 22. It achieved
average profit per partner of £138,000.

Ian Turnbull, managing partner, said the firm was focusing on its core areas.
We have achieved increased turnover in several areas including our core land and
rural business, investment and dispute resolution divisions, and of note is an
8% increase in our commercial property division, a reflection of our ongoing
growth in commercial energy including renewables and land diversification,  he
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2011 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            August 7, 2008 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Mining coming to the defence;
Economic outlook 2008 - SOUTH AUSTRALIA

BYLINE: STEPHEN HALMARICK. Stephen Halmarick is Citigroup's managing director of
economics.

SECTION: MARKET WRAP; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 364 words


The economy of South Australia is relatively small, and is based largely on
public sector, manufacturing and rural industries, with a small (but expanding)
mining sector. The defence industry is also of growing importance. SA accounts
for 7.5 per cent of the population and 6.7 per cent of national GDP.

The economy is expected to have grown by 3.75 per cent in 2007-08, supported by
good gains in the agricultural sector. For 2008-09, growth is forecast to slow
to 2.75 per cent.

This is expected to mirror the tightening financial conditions, but with still
solid performance from business investment and housing construction.

One potential source of strong economic growth is the mining sector. The 2008-09
SA budget noted that "mineral exploration was up 78 per cent during 2007, to
$332 million, lifting the state's share to above 16 per cent of the national
total".

Employment growth is forecast to slow to 1.5 per cent in 2008-09, from a very
solid 2.9 per cent a year at June 2008. From 4.8 per cent at June 2008, the
unemployment rate is expected to rise a little to 5.0 per cent at June 2009.
Inflation is tipped to remain at about 3.25 per cent in the year ahead, little
changed from 2007-08.

Overall, for the past two decades the state's economic performance of has lagged
the national average and this trend looks set to continue. However, it must be
noted the potential for the development of the mining sector could add
significantly to the growth rate.

For 2008-09 a key focus will be on infrastructure spending. Total infrastructure
spending is estimated at about $2.2 billion, against $1.5 billion in 2007-08.
Estimates for 2009-10 are for an increase to $2.6 billion and a peak of $3.0
billion in 2010-11. Total infrastructure spending over the coming four years is
estimated at $10.3 billion.

This increase in spending will partly be funded by debt. From $2.0 billion (3.2
per cent of GSP) at June 2008, total state net debt will rise to $2.8 billion
(4.1 per cent) at June 2009 and then to $5.2 billion (6.6 per cent) at June
2012. The implication here is that of the $10.3 billion infrastructure spend
over the coming four years, about 31 per cent will be financed via debt.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                              May 11, 2007 Friday
                                 State Edition

SA farmers keep their hopes up

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 77

LENGTH: 201  words


SOUTH Australia's agriculture sector is upbeat despite the drought, with 75 per
cent of farmers confident about the year ahead, a survey has found.

The Westpac and Charles Sturt University Agribusiness Index found optimism high
enough for some farmers to be planning modest increases in business investment.

''Agribusinesses expect to increase capital expenditure in the June quarter,
suggesting that farmers are planning ahead on the basis of anticipated
improvement,'' Westpac economist Justin Smirk said.

''The fact farmers remain relatively eager to invest despite conditions is a
vote of confidence in rural recovery, and means the sector can capitalise on
strong demand more quickly once the drought eases.''

But Mr Smirk said farmers also needed to factor other external issues into their
future plans once the drought was no longer the biggest contributor to poor
performance. ''For example, beef exporters need to be wary of a rising
Australian dollar,'' he said.

''Additionally, while it is hard to gauge the impact the resource booms in WA,
Queensland and the NT are having on agribusinesses, there are likely to be
negatives coming through competition for skilled labour, materials and even
water.''

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday

Business covered

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 133  words


WHETHER its small business, investment, property, mining, industry or
international business information you're interested in, the May edition of the
NT Business Review has it covered.

The Territory's only business-specific news magazine will feature 16-pages
packed with local news and reviews from a diverse range of industries.

With stories including a major investment for local airline, Airnorth; an
anticipated visit by Vietnamese meat-industry representatives that is expected
to help resurrect live-cattle exports from the NT; a business profile on NT
Horticultural Association principal and NT rural women's award winner Tracey
Leo; special advertising features on crisis communication and event management
and more -- be sure not to miss your copy, only in Thursday's Northern Territory
News.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                              May 31, 1996, Friday

Businesses just can't figure it out

BYLINE: KATHY LIPARI and IAN LOVETT

LENGTH: 587 words


OFFICIAL statistics show the Australian economy is riding a wave of growth, but
many businesses tell a story of tough times inside the boom. KATHY LIPARI and
IAN LOVETT report.

IF the Australian economy is the fastest-growing economy in the developed world,
then why aren't businesses celebrating?

This week's national accounts figures reveal Australia's economy has grown by
its largest margin in two years - a fact which bewildered the nation's leading
economists and businesses.

March quarter gross domestic product figures showed the economy had surged 1.8
per cent, more than double economic forecasts.

At an annual growth rate of 4.8 per cent, the result was substantially higher
than expected and suggested local businesses had been enjoying boom conditions
over the last 12 months.

But small businesses yesterday cast suspicion on the latest statistics. They
believe if the good times are here, they are passing them by.

Paul Wood, who runs a security business, Smith, Wood and Wesson on Sydney's
upper north shore, echoed his small business colleague's thoughts.

"The numbers were garbage," he said.

"Everyone I deal with is negative. It's never been so hard."

Eddy Lee, who runs a medium-sized building equipment hire business, Mooreland
Hire Ltd, said there was still some hardship being experienced.

"We're doing okay, but there is a lot of pain out there," Mr Lee said.

"Business is working 50 per cent harder for 50 per cent less. It is hard to know
what the real numbers are, all I know is that we don't have a boom. No way."

Mr Lee is also deputy chairman of mining company Allegiance Mining. He said the
outlook for the company was positive with expansions plans here and overseas.

Economists say it is Australia's agricultural and mining sectors that are
leading the way  and experiencing the strongest growth.

National Australia Bank economist Tim Pfitzner said the economic growth figures
had come as a surprise.

"Given our anecdotal evidence, both through business surveys we conduct and
through general business, particularly surprising was the increase in business
investment," Mr Pfitzner said.

"While we would say Australia is certainly not in recession we would describe
the progress being made by businesses as more of a rocky path to recovery . . .
clearly not a boom."  Mr Pfitzner said the national accounts figures revealed
the local building and construction industry was still hurting while property
business services and health and community services were showing slower growth.
However, the rural industry, agricultural and mining industries were
experiencing strong growth as a result of higher wheat prices and high levels of
production.

Business investment jumped by 7 per cent.

Gary Wayling, a partner in accountants Arthur Andersen Enterprise group, backed
up the sentiments expressed by Mr Wood and Mr Lee.

"The feeling from our small business base is that the growth numbers don't
reflect what's happening. At best, business is patchy and the numbers need
further investigation.

"Only when a definite trend has been established can we be able to say the
business environment is improving."

Newcastle solicitor Stephen O'Sullivan, who has a large city and suburban
practice, said it was difficult to understand where Wednesday's figures came
from.

"From your humblest suburban store right through to medium to large engineering
and transport operations, they're all doing it tough."

Death of a workaholic boss - Page 15

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Global Times (China)

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Myanmar faces daunting challenges on path to reform

BYLINE: Ding Li

LENGTH: 515  words


The much-lauded reforms implemented since President U Thein Sein took office
have prompted many changes in Myanmar. Some foreign investors have already
explored this "last frontier market," which is seen as having huge potential for
business opportunities. But it's also noticeable that some of this curiosity
hasn't translated into real investment due to poor infrastructure, an unsound
commercial environment, untapped human capital and an uncertain political
future.

Big cities like Yangon, Mandalay and Nay Pyi Taw are beginning to thrive. A
surging number of visitors including both tourists and businesspeople feel like
they are in big metropolises when they walk on newly-renovated and widened
roads, seeing lines of shiny vehicles speeding by and newly built
foreign-branded shopping malls crowded with customers. However, problems like
traffic congestion, pollution, and a lack of parking spaces are also on the
rise. The problems of the reforms failing to reach the massive rural areas,
especially the north of Myanmar, are obvious. In those places, Myanmar's reforms
seem a world away. A local resident in a village 40 kilometers away from
Myitkyina, the capital city of Kachin State, told me how hard life is for his
family, who live without electricity and farm on lands with poor soil, low
yields and a lack of irrigation. The old man in his 50s also complained that his
shabby wooden hut was frequently trapped in water like an island when days-long
rains come in the rainy season. His is not an exceptional case. Many of the
rural population of northern Myanmar live hard lives, and the situation became
worse when fighting between the Kachin Independence Army and the government army
broke out, with some even ending up with no food. Northern Myanmar is the
country's most resource-rich region and of great geographical significance since
it connects China and India and is part of the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar
(BCIM) economic corridor. However, analysts see it as a weak point in building
the BCIM economic corridor because of poor transportation, lack of electricity
and unresolved ethnic conflicts. Reform is a comprehensive project and it's a
particularly difficult and complicated task for Myanmar given the country's
backwardness due to decades of isolation from the international community, its
ethnic conflicts and great divergences over how to carry out reform and what its
priorities should be. Some have called for more importance to be attached to
infrastructure construction and luring business investment so as to boost the
economy, which some argue are more important than human rights and political
reforms. Myanmar is a latecomer as a reformer and it has just begun its course
as an increasing number of problems will emerge, such as the growing wealth gap
and uneven development between urban and rural regions. The reform designers of
Myanmar are shouldering an unprecedented and difficult task, and should face up
to these problems in their initial stages.Ding Li, a reporter based in Beijing
<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>Copyright Global Times.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1448


                          Copyright 2013 Global Times.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

TV PICKS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 30,31

LENGTH: 262 words


CUCUMBER 9pm, Channel 4 Everyone gets caught up in Henry's grand scheme, and
life appears to be perfect, but he still has to face the greatest challenge of
all. Vincent Franklin stars.

EMMERDALE 6.45pm, ITV Things are going well for Vanessa - Paddy is considering
her business investment, while Kirin has booked time off so he can treat her.
However, the day takes a turn for the worse when a health scare leads her to
make a doctor's appointment. Bob gives Jimmy food for thought over the idea of
moving to Dubai.

COMIC RELIEF: OPERATION HEALTH 9pm, BBC1 Lenny Henry leads a team of
celebrities, including Dermot O'Leary and Doon Mackichan, on a mission to
rebuild a decrepit rural health centre in Uganda.

HOLIDAY LOVE RATS EXPOSED 9pm, Channel 5 Documentary about people who have been
left broken-hearted by people preying on single holiday-makers looking for love.
Four women describe how they met their husbands while they were on vacation
abroad, but that their new spouses walked out on them just after receiving their
visas.

BANISHED 9pm, BBC2 James decides he has to take drastic action to deal with
Marston once and for all, while Major Ross is outraged to hear that Tommy and
Elizabeth are married. Jimmy McGovern's drama, starring Russell Tovey.

SCORPION 9pm, ITV2 The team enlists a former secret service agent to help try to
prevent a nuclear attack on an American ally. Meanwhile, Paige considers staying
in Los Angeles or moving 3,000 miles away to Portland, Maine, so Ralph can
attend an exclusive school. Drama, inspired by a true story, starring Elyes
Gabel.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2015 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     January 7, 2015 Wednesday 1:01 PM GMT

Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb invokes the spirit of the Rebecca rioters in
speech calling for social justice;
Speaking at conference of business leaders, Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb
referred with approval to the rioters' campaign for social justice

BYLINE: By Martin Shipton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb invoked the spirit of the Rebecca rioters as
freedom fighters during a speech to business leaders in Cardiff.

The rioters, mostly farmers and agricultural workers and often dressed as women,
attacked toll gates in rural Wales as a protest against the burden of high
taxation. They were active between 1839 and 1843.

Mr Crabb, the Conservative MP for Preseli Pembrokeshire, referred with approval
to the rioters' campaign for social justice.

He claimed that 2014 had been the best year for Wales since devolution in 1999,
describing it as the year of "recovery and renewal". Business investment was up
5%, 100,000 and 26,000 more businesses were functioning than in 2010, when the
coalition came into office.

Mr Crabb stressed how the UK and Welsh governments had "stood shoulder to
shoulder" in working together to improve Wales' prosperity - a consensual
position he said people wanted, business demanded and Wales needed.

But he said there was a "lost generation" of people in Wales who did not have
the skills to take advantage of fresh job opportunities that would come as the
economy improved. Improving the skills of the workforce had to be a major
priority.

Adopting a more combative tone, he criticised the "get rich quick" and "bonus
culture" he claimed had flourished under the last Labour Government, reminding
his audience that former Labour Cabinet Minister Mandelson had once said he was
"intensely relaxed about people getting filthy rich".

Mr Crabb also indicated that in the run-up to May's general election, he would
be "calling out" political opponents who sought to portray a "grotesque
caricature" of Wales as an impoverished country with low pay and Dickensian
working conditions.

He said wage growth in Wales was higher than in most other parts of the UK, and
that the rise in the National Minimum Wage had helped many workers in Wales.

He nevertheless accepted there were challenges caused by such events as last
year's closure of the Murco oil refinery in Milford Haven. While it was
important to create vibrant city regions centred on Cardiff and Swansea,
prosperity had to be rolled out to other parts of Wales - which covered much
more than just Cardiff and Swansea.

Mr Crabb said it was essential that Wales had a long-term plan for economic
growth.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                               November 11, 2010

Have your say on moor

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 174 words


People are being urged to have their say on the way Exmoor National Park is run
in the future.

It is part of a consultation exercise being run by the Department for
Environment Food and Rural Affairs to reflect the Coalition Government's
commitment to increase local accountability.

The Government is calling on the public for ideas on how to improve the way the
national park is looked after.

Natural Environment Minister Richard Benyon said:"National Parks are not just
beautiful and historic parts of the countryside, but places where people live
and work.

"They are an asset to our country, helping to boost the economy and attract new
visitors, businesses and investment.

"This is a real chance for local communities to have a say in how we should look
after our National Parks for everyone to enjoy for years to come."

Comments from organisations and individuals should be made in the first instance
to Defra.

Information on the consultation, which closes on February 1 2011, can be found
at http://www.defra.gov.uk/corporate/consult/nationalpark

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 150


                       Copyright 2010 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 19, 2008 Friday
                                  All Editions

Former leader chosen for EMDC presidency

BYLINE: ABIGAIL CURTIS OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A9

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


Eastern Maine Development Corp. has a new boss - and he's also the old boss.

Michael Aube of Bangor was named Thursday to be president and chief executive
officer of the regional economic agency. When he steps into his new office on
Jan. 5, he'll be reprising a role he had for 11 years, from 1981 to 1992.

"I think EMDC has always been a quality delivery system to help institutions,
citizens, small businesses and communities achieve economic progress," Aube said
Thursday evening. "What I look forward to doing now, particularly in this
economic downturn, is working in a collaborative way ... to foster and create an
environment that ... will attract business investment and therefore create jobs.
Quality jobs."

Aube, 58, now is the state director of the U.S. Deaprtment of Agriculture's
Maine Rural Development Agency, and has held that position for eight years. He
is a political appointee of the Bush administration and therefore has to move
out when the new Democratic administration takes office.

"I welcome the opportunity to remain in the Greater Bangor area and eastern
Maine," he said, adding that he hopes to "add value to a quality organization."

Victoria Burpee, the executive vice president of the nonprofit EMDC, has been
the de facto head of the organization since former president Charles Webb
stepped down in early June to pursue other interests. She said that EMDC is
"fortunate" to have chosen Aube.

"He's a consummate economic development professional with extraordinary
experience and a clear understanding of the challenges facing the region in
tough economic times," Burpee said.

Aube also has served as an economic development expert for the U.S. Department
of Commerce, as the Maine commissioner of Economic and Community Development and
the director of the Maine Quality Centers program.

The civic-minded Mainer rounds out his resume with stints on the Bangor City
Council, where he served as mayor, as the vice chairman of the Maine Municipal
Association and as chairman of the Maine Technical College System's board of
trustees.

He'll lead an agency with a $6 million operating budget and 40 employees. The
agency's main office is in Bangor and there also are satellite offices in
Dover-Foxcroft, Camden and Machias.

"The organization as a whole does so many different things," Burpee said. Some
of its activities include community development, helping small businesses borrow
money and working to attract more businesses to the area.

Burpee said that one recent coup for the agency was the award of an $80,000
grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation. The agency will use the money
to develop a strategic corridor management plan for the proposed Grindstone
Scenic Byway in the Millinocket area.

Aube said that Maine's economy, which still is based on natural resources, poses
challenges but also opportunities. Those include the region's strengths in
finance and marketing, its manufacturing base and its creative economy, as well
as its university and research and development assets.

"We've got a lot of good things in eastern Maine," Aube said. "When the economy
begins to grow again, we want to make sure that eastern Maine does not get left
out of that progress."

acurtis@bangordailynews.net

990-8133

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Bush Telegraph (Queensland)

                                 July 12, 2016

GrowAg hosts summit to further agriculture

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 243  words


YOUNG farmers are invited to attend the 2016 GrowAg Summit from September 21-23
in Albury, New South Wales.

GrowAg is hosted by the Australian Government Department of Agriculture and
Water Resources and the Rural Research and Development Corporations.

It will bring together Australia's sharpest and most innovative leaders in
agriculture to share ideas, discuss the opportunities and challenges facing the
sector and identify how tomorrow's leaders can capitalise on the opportunities.

The summit will advance the contribution of our farming leaders and agricultural
professionals towards a dynamic, competitive and prosperous agricultural sector.
This will be through developing knowledge and skills for utilising adopting new
technologies; innovative business and investment strategies; and developing
leadership and entrepreneurial skills; facilitating wider discussion and
consideration of the opportunities, barriers and roles for farmers in
agriculture; and providing an opportunity for sharing knowledge, a platform for
innovation and an entrepreneurial environment for our future farming leaders.

Attendance at the event is free and all airfares, accommodation and social
events associated will be paid for. To apply to participate in the GrowAg Summit
you must complete the online application form from rirdc.gov.au by 5pm, July 20.

For more information, phone RIRDC program manager Jennifer Medway on 0262714132
or email jennifer.medway@rirdc.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WBT


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            October 13, 2008 Monday

Government backs loans for the rural entrepreneur

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 702 words


By John C. Woosley, district director
U. S. Small Business Administration, New Mexico District Office
At a time when banks are loath to lend money to other banks, New Mexico's rural
entrepreneurs may wonder if it's even worth trying to obtain the credit they
need to stay in business.


That's where the Small Business Administration and its partners come in with
programs to help launch and build rural businesses and to help rural innovators
overcome the special problems posed by distance from customers, markets and
workers and the lack of a telecommunications infrastructure.
SBA's financial assistance consists of guarantees to banks to share the risk of
lending to entrepreneurs. Just this year the agency instituted the Rural Lender
Advantage initiative to foster economic development in rural areas by making it
easier for smaller community banks to partner with the SBA to finance small
businesses. With a maximum loan amount of $350,000, expedited approval, limited
documentation requirements and the federal government's guarantee that the bank
won't lose its entire investment in case of default, this tool makes community
banks more willing to help New Mexico's rural entrepreneurs pursue their
business goals.
Pick your loan
The Patriot Express loan is the best deal available for those who are eligible:
veterans, National Guard members and reservists, active-duty military in
transition to civilian life, spouses of those in the military and spouses of
service members who died in the military or of service-related causes. This
express loan requires little documentation beyond the bank's own loan
requirements and provides up to $500,000 with the full SBA guarantee (the
government promises, in case of borrower default, to repay 85 percent of loans
up to $150,000 and 75 percent of larger loans). An additional benefit to the
borrower is the federal agency's lowest interest rate, and some New Mexico banks
add sweeteners of their own to the Patriot Express deal.
The Community Express initiative focuses on economically stressed areas of the
state. It is available in any part of New Mexico for up to $25,000, and many of
the state's rural areas are eligible for up to $250,000. Community Express
provides technical assistance for the borrower and expedited approval designed
to get funding where it's needed as quickly as possible.
Microloans are for borrowers not ready to request a loan from a bank.
Microlenders work closely with borrowers and are often able to make loans that
banks can't. The SBA microloan program is managed in New Mexico by WESST Corp.
The Loan Fund and ACCION New Mexico are also microlenders and are very active in
rural areas.
Finally, SBA's 504 loan program backs larger ventures and those with a
real-estate orientation. It has proved useful for manufacturing facilities and
tourist development in rural areas with a maximum project amount of $10 million.

A map to the money
New Mexico is the nation's fifth-largest state in terms of area, and it is the
SBA's third-largest district. Nevertheless, nearly every New Mexican lives
within 100 miles of one of the 30 places where SBA or its partners provides
management and technical assistance in New Mexico: the district office in
Albuquerque; three chapters of the Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE);
six offices of WESST Corp., the New Mexico Women's Business Centers; and 19
Small Business Development Centers, some of which have branch offices.
SBA provides a small business Internet search engine at www.business.gov that
provides information about starting a business -- even in rural areas of the
state. The SBA New Mexico Web site, www.sba.gov/nm, provides access to a wealth
of business planning and management tools, information about SBA financing
programs, government contracting assistance and access to the many other
services SBA provides nationwide.
Finance New Mexico is an initiative of the New Mexico Small Business Investment
Corporation (NMSBIC) and its partners to assist individuals and businesses in
obtaining skills and funding-resources for their business or idea. To learn more
about resources available to New Mexico businesses or to use the capital
search-tool, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Guarantee Fee Rates for Guaranteed Loans for Fiscal Year 2015;
Maximum Portion of Guarantee Authority Available for Fiscal Year 2015;Annual
Renewal Fee for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 586  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 3 (Tuesday, January 6, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 486-487]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-30967]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Business-Cooperative Service


Guarantee Fee Rates for Guaranteed Loans for Fiscal Year 2015;
Maximum Portion of Guarantee Authority Available for Fiscal Year
2015;Annual Renewal Fee for Fiscal Year 2015

AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: As set forth in 7 CFR 4279.107, the Agency has the authority
to charge an initial guarantee fee and an

[[Page 487]]

annual renewal fee for loans made under the Business and Industry (B&I)
Guaranteed Loan Program. Pursuant to that authority, the Agency is
establishing the renewal fee rate at one-half of 1 percent for the B&I
Guaranteed Loan Program. This rate will apply to all loans obligated in
Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 that are made under the B&I program. As
established in 7 CFR 4279.107(b)(1), the amount of the fee on each
guaranteed loan will be determined by multiplying the fee rate by the
outstanding principal loan balance as of December 31, multiplied by the
percent of guarantee.
 The Agency was authorized by the 2012 Appropriations Bill, and
subsequent Appropriation Acts, to charge a maximum of 3 percent for its
guarantee fee for FYs 2012, 2013, and 2014. The 2015 Appropriations Act
does contain a provision to charge a maximum of 3 percent for its
guarantee fee for FY 2015. As such, the guarantee fee for FY 2015 will
be 3 percent.
 As set forth in 7 CFR 4279.107(a) and 4279.119(b)(4), each fiscal
year, the Agency shall establish a limit on the maximum portion of B&I
guarantee authority available for that fiscal year that may be used to
guarantee loans with a reduced guarantee fee or guaranteed loans with a
guarantee percentage exceeding 80 percent.
 Allowing a reduced guarantee fee or exceeding the 80 percent
guarantee on certain B&I guaranteed loans that meet the conditions set
forth in 7 CFR 4279.107 and 4279.119 will increase the Agency's ability
to focus guarantee assistance on projects which the Agency has found
particularly meritorious. For reduced guarantee fees, the borrower's
business must support value-added agriculture and result in farmers
benefiting financially or must be a high impact business investment as
defined in 7 CFR 4279.155(b)(5) and be located in rural communities
that experience long-term population decline and job deterioration,
remain persistently poor, are experiencing trauma as a result of
natural disaster, or are experiencing fundamental structural changes in
its economic base. For guaranteed loans exceeding 80 percent, such
projects must qualify as a high-priority project (a requirement of 7
CFR 4279.119(b)), scoring at least 50 points in accordance with 7 CFR
4279.155(b).
 Not more than 12 percent of the Agency's quarterly apportioned B&I
guarantee authority will be reserved for loan requests with a reduced
fee, and not more than 15 percent of the Agency's quarterly apportioned
guarantee authority will be reserved for guaranteed loan requests with
a guarantee percentage exceeding 80 percent. Once the respective
quarterly limits are reached, all additional loans for that quarter
will be at the standard fee and guarantee limits.

DATES: Effective

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                              July 21, 2008 Monday

Improving the availability of capital for our businesses a work in progress

BYLINE: Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 740 words


By Lt. Governor Diane Denish
New Mexico business owners now have two new web-based business tools at their
fingertips: Ed, a calendar of business meetings, networking events and economic
development activities across our state (www.EdCalendar.org); and A2C short for
Access to Capital, a comprehensive listing of capital providers, including
banks, micro-lenders, venture capital providers and more
(www.AccessToCapitalNM.org).


Along with this launch, I'd like to tell you about the work this administration
has undertaken to improve the financing environment for small businesses.  A2C
and Ed resulted from a partnership of the New Mexico Economic Development
Department, New Mexico Finance Authority, New Mexico Small Business Development
Center Network and New Mexico Venture Capital Association. It was developed and
maintained by New Mexico Community Capital.  Both sites are continuously updated
A2C as an online directory of places to begin a search for financing, and Ed as
a one-stop calendar of business events.
The vast majority of businesses in our state have fewer than 25 employees.  I
believe their growth and success is the cornerstone of expanding our state's
economy.  That's why, as New Mexico's Lieutenant Governor, one of my highest
priorities has been to improve the environment for these firms.
Small businesses are particularly important in rural communities where they
provide the best prospect for creating well-paying jobs and building local
economies.  This administration has made our tax structure more attractive and
has expanded an array of incentives to ensure that we are recognized nationally
as a great place to do business. I'm pleased with the results we've achieved in
those areas, but the major reason for my optimism about the future of our
economy is our progress in attracting investment capital to New Mexico.
I've owned a small business and I know many of the challenges that these
companies face.  Securing appropriate capital and getting real-world advice on
how to start and how to grow are perhaps the biggest hurdles that confront many
small businesspeople. I am particularly proud of the progress we've made in
expanding financing opportunities for companies of all sizes.
Large projects like Eclipse Aviation capture the headlines, but our progress is
much broader. Private equity capital has been coming to New Mexico at an
unprecedented rate and has captured national attention. Much of this money is
aimed at harnessing the vast pool of technology developed at our national
research laboratories and our universities, but some is targeted at very small
businesses in low- or even no-tech companies.
The State Investment Council (SIC) has led the way in attracting private equity
for local companies. Since 1994, it has allocated $357 million to venture
capital funds that have a strong track record, agree to set up shop here, and
invest in New Mexico. The pace of those investments has increased during our
administration.
In 2000, the State Legislature created the New Mexico Small Business Investment
Corporation (NMSBIC). Since 2003, this entity has received approximately $45
million, the vast majority of which has been committed to partnerships with
companies that make loans and provide equity investments here. This money has
helped micro-lenders expand and has provided a critical catalyst to grow the
capacity of venture capital firms that work here. To date, this capital has been
a component of more than 1,400 financings ranging from small, start-up deals to
large transactions. Every one of them meant more jobs.
Improving access to capital will never stop. We've made tremendous progress but
we have to keep it up. This is the perfect time to utilize our momentum and
ensure that all businesses are aware of our efforts. That's where A2C and Ed
come in. I hope these tools will add efficiency to a process that is difficult,
at best, for most business owners. I also hope that they will create a community
among New Mexico's capital providers and businesses, allowing them to share
experiences and learn from one another.
 Finance New Mexico is an initiative of the New Mexico Small Business Investment
Corporation (NMSBIC) and its partners to assist individuals and businesses in
obtaining skills and funding-resources for their business or idea. To learn more
about resources available to New Mexico businesses or to use the capital
search-tool, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org.




LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             March 22, 2013 Friday

Project on Madurai-Tuticorin Industrial Corridor gets push

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: CHENNAI


CHENNAI, March 22 -- Finance Minister O Panneerselvam on Thursday announced a
big push for the development of the Madurai-Thoothukudi Industrial Corridor. The
project proposes to create four manufacturing regions, one agri-business region,
two business investment regions, a special tourism zone, one rural tourism hub
and one knowledge hub. This will attract '1,90,000 crore industrial investment
over a period of 10 years.

Presenting the budget for the year 2013-14 in the State Assembly, the Minister
said the State government would also create a land bank of 25,000 acres through
SIPCOT to attract more industries to the State. A new ship-building yard would
be established in Thoothukudi by the Tamil Nadu Industrial Development
Corporation (TIDCO) under Public-Private Partnership.

Panneerselvam said a special package of incentives for encouraging investments
for the development of the industrially backward districts of southern TN would
be announced soon. This is expected to attract more investments and creating
more jobs in the southern region.

In Madurai, works would be taken up for the construction of two flyovers at
Kaalavasal and Goripalayam at a cost of '130 crore during 2013-2014, he said.

The Minister further said the Tamil Nadu Investment Promotion Programme (TNIPP)
with the assistance of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) would
commence during 2013-2014. The TNIPP aims at easing some bottlenecks faced by
the investors, mainly by policy changes and by correcting infrastructural
inadequacies. This would facilitate investment flow of around '770 crore in
small and medium infrastructure projects over three years.

"This government has decided to offer a special package of support from
2013-2014, to revitalise the MSME sector ," he announced. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday

SECTION: METRO; Business; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 461 words



HIGHLIGHT: Daily Business Briefs


Rising costs for materials and labor appear to be pressuring businesses,
according to a quarterly survey from the National Association for Business
Economics. During the first quarter of the year, 31 percent of businesses
surveyed reported higher material costs, more than double the 15 percent that
saw costs rise in the previous survey. Additionally, 35 percent reported rising
wages and salaries at their businesses in the past three months, up from 23
percent in January. Yet those who said they raised the prices they charge in the
past three months remained unchanged at 20 percent, according to the latest NABE
survey of 72 members, which was conducted between March 18 and April 1.

°The stock market logged its longest winning streak in six months Monday as
another big week for company earnings began. The Dow Jones Industrial average
rose 40 points, or 0.3 percent, to 16,449. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose
7 points, or 0.4 percent, to close at 1,871 Monday. The Nasdaq composite rose 26
points, or 0.6 percent, to 4,121.

°The United Auto Workers dropped its appeal of a worker vote against unionizing
at a Volkswagen plant in Tennessee, a move that the union said should put
pressure on Republican politicians to quickly approve incentives the German
automaker is seeking to expand its lone U.S. assembly plant. The prolonged fight
over labor issues at the Chattanooga facility appeared headed for a lengthy
National Labor Relations Board appeal until the UAW announced an hour before a
scheduled hearing that it was ending its challenge. The February vote went
against the union 712-626.

°The U.S. Department of Agriculture announced Monday a new $150 million program
designed to provide investment capital to help small agriculture-related
business in rural areas with cash needed to expand. Secretary of Agriculture Tom
Vilsack announced in Cedar Rapids the formation of the first Rural Business
Investment Co., a for-profit firm licensed by the USDA to invest in businesses
that otherwise might not have the capital to increase business opportunities.

°Count Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy among consumers who feel misled by
a beverage called Pomegranate Blueberry Flavored Blend of 5 Juices. The drink
was the subject of a lively debate Monday as the high court considered whether
to allow false advertising claims against the Coca-Cola Co., which markets the
beverage under its Minute Maid unit. Juice maker Pom Wonderful, which sells its
own line of pomegranate juice blends, says the label is misleading because 99
percent of its competitor's juice is either apple or grape. Don't make me feel
bad because I thought this was pomegranate juice, Kennedy told Coke's lawyer,
Kathleen Sullivan, as laughter erupted in the court.

From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           February 11, 2010 Thursday

TDAP attracts large number of foreign buyers l52 countries to participate in
Expo Pakistan 2010

BYLINE:  Amanullah Khan

SECTION: Vol. XXI No. 99

LENGTH: 643  words


Expo Pakistan, a grand international event being organized by Trade Development
Authority of Pakistan (TDAP),Feb 26-28, has attracted buyers from over 52
countries. Some 20 foreign firms also grabbing the opportunity to display their
products before Pakistani and foreign buyers.

In fact credit for the overwhelming response to event of Expo Pakistan by 700
foreign buyers from 52 countries and a rush by the domestic trade and industry
undoubtedly goes to the dynamic leadership of Syed Mohibullah Shah, Chairman
TDAP who managed to stage a grand international event by successfully using his
extensive exposure to the international trade and exhibitions. The event is
likely to be inaugurated by Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gilani.

The efforts of TDAP Chairman worth appreciation especially in the current
scenario when the country is passing through disturbed conditions due to acts of
terror in the Northern areas and rising law and order recent incidents of bomb
blast in the southern part of the country especially in Karachi which made
headlines not only by national media but were exploited by global media
generally hostile against the image of Pakistan.

It will not be out of place to mention that visiting of foreign delegates at
such a massive scale from all corners of the world would help in off setting the
negative impression created by the foreign media about Pakistan as a place of
doing business or investment.

It is interesting to note that the organizers have encouraged the participants
from industrial cities of Pakistan like Sialkot, Faisalabad, Gujranwala, Gujrat
and interior of Sindh with a focus to provide an outlet for highlighting the
unconventional products before the international audience and buyers besides the
high tech quality textile, Information Technology, food products. Special focus
is being given on fascinating handicrafts produced in the rural areas of the
country. Inviting attention of the international buyers towards the eye catching
handicrafts may open new export avenues as well as help boosting the rural
economy of Pakistan.

In view of the security concerns only the last day of the Expo will allow entry
of the general public amid tight security measures.

Meanwhile, the Exhibition Committee of Expo Pakistan met with the Chairman of
the Committee, Abdul Rauf Siddiqui; Minister of Commerce & Industries Government
of Sindh, to review the arrangements of the exposition being held from 26th to
28th February 2010.

The meeting reviewed matters pertaining to the participation of local and
international companies, sponsorships and the responses received from foreign
buyers for the event. It was also attended by Mirza Kareem Baig; Secretary TDAP,
Mr. Ali Ahmed Lund; Secretary Industries and various representatives from
Government and trade bodies.

Abdul Rauf Siddiqui welcomed the confirmation of around 700 buyers from 52
countries including the entire Europe, China, Japan, Hong Kong, Middle East and
Far East countries. The apex trade body of Pakistan i.e. Federation of Pakistan
Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FPCCI) which is also keenly participating in
that gala event has generously offered to host a dinner for the foreign buyers.

The Minister also commended on the bookings of the stalls much earlier to the
date of the even by the local and international companies and the participation
of Ras Al Khaimah Free Trade Zone as a sponsor of Expo Pakistan.

Abdul Rauf Siddiqui highlighted the fact that Expo Pakistan is a National event
and in order to enhance Pakistan's trade prospects in the global market, all the
manufacturers & exporters of Pakistan should actively participate in the
exhibition.

He also emphasized on the support of all the chambers & associations and the
participation of their respective members. In addition, he assured his full
cooperation and support for the event.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Islander

                                January 19, 2012

New bank now a step closer

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 427  words


The project to establish a Kangaroo Island Community Bank is well under way.
There has been significant local interest in the concept and pledges by
potential investors and clients amounting to over $340,000 have now been
received.

The Community Bank model was established by Bendigo Bank in 1998 so the concept
is not new.  The Chairman of the KI Community Bank Steering Committee Pierre
Gregor said that the concept has been embraced in rural and urban areas around
Australia and has seen the establishment of 280 Community Bank branches.

The main  benefit of a local Kangaroo Island Community Bank branch is that a
percentage of the profits generated from normal banking business will be
returned to the community via donations towards sporting and youth groups,
community bodies and local projects.  "This is a great opportunity for Kangaroo
Island but one that will not be realised unless there is sufficient community
and business support for the concept" Mr Gregor said. To date the various
Community Bank branches have returned more than $66 million to local groups and
projects in their regions.

The proposed Kangaroo Island Community Bank will provide the normal array of
banking services and may also result in agencies being established in smaller
townships around the Island.  The Steering Committee believes that the concept
will offer additional benefits such as delivering employment opportunities for
local people. Keeping local capital in the community, providing a local
investment option for shareholders and providing a source of revenue for local
projects and activities.

Mr Gregor said that like most things worth striving for the project was not
without its challenges.  "Before we can go to the next stage of development
which is a comprehensive feasibility study we need to establish certain levels
of investment and banking commitment. The targets are investment pledges of at
least $750,000 by a minimum of 250 community members."

Based on these figures and a required amount of banking business on the books
the feasibility report will advise whether the branch can be established.

"If we get the green light there will be a bevy of activity to release a
prospectus, establish the branch, establish a board of directors and the many
other activities associated with establishing a company that will basically
operate as a franchise of the Bendigo and Adelaide Bank.  But right now our
focus is on attracting investment and banking pledges".

The Steering Committee is working towards the establishment of the Community
Bank by mid 2013.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 2010 Albany Law School
                          Albany Government Law Review

                                      2010

                          Albany Government Law Review

                            3 Alb. Gov't L. Rev. 103

LENGTH: 20251 words

RESIDENCE IN THE UNITED STATES THROUGH INVESTMENT: REALITY OR CHIMERA?+




+ Sections of this article pertaining to E visas were previously published in a
revised form in Leslie K. L. Thiele, Investment and Trade: E Visas, in BUSINESS
IMMIGRATION LAW: STRATEGIES FOR EMPLOYING FOREIGN NATIONALS 6-1 to -57 (Rodney
A. Malpert & Amanda Petersen eds., 2000) and are used as adapted with
permission.

NAME: Leslie K. L. Thiele *, Scott T. Decker

BIO:


* The authors gratefully acknowledge the assistance of Ken Tyler of Albany Law
School for his assistance and persistence with research for this article.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Due to the nationality and treaty requirements, E status is not as widely
available as common nonimmigrant work visas such as the H-1B "specialty
occupation" visa or the L "intra-company transferee." ... This requirement
creates a problem for many treaty investors, who are understandably hesitant to
commit funds irrevocably to enterprises in the United States before the
investors have any assurance that their E visas will, indeed, be granted.  ...
Investment of a "Substantial" Amount of Capital In addition to the requirements
having to do with the source and availability of the treaty investor's capital,
the regulations further require that the capital invested in the treaty
enterprise be "substantial." ... The basic process involves the following steps:


      (1) The immigrant investor invests (or must be in the process of
     investing) the qualifying amount of capital in the chosen investment
     vehicle; (2) An immigrant investor files Form I-526 with USCIS,
     documenting the qualifying investment in the United States and
     evidence (usually a business plan) demonstrating that at least ten
     United States jobs (direct for regular process, indirect for Pilot
     Program) will be created as a result of the investment; (3) If
     granted, the investor either processes the immigrant visa at a United
     Sates Consulate overseas or applies for adjustment of status in the
     United States; (4) The immigrant investor is granted conditional
     permanent residence status, valid for two years, during which time the
     investment must result in the creation of at least ten United States
     jobs (direct for regular process, indirect for Pilot Program); (5)
     Prior to the end of the two year conditional period, the investor
     files a second petition with USCIS, this time on Form I-829, to remove
     the conditions and become a full LPR.


 TEXT:
 [*105]  INTRODUCTION

   The U.S. immigration system has long contained provisions which permit
long-term or permanent status in the United States through investment by a
foreign investor. For many years, until 1990, a foreigner theoretically could
seek immigrant status as an investor in a "nonpreference" category. Under the
system of allocating visas in force at that time, nonpreference visas would be
available if any immigrant visas remained after demand in all of the preference
categories had been satisfied. Not surprisingly, because of perennial high
demand for immigrant visas, the nonpreference avenue to permanent resident
status became unavailable in September 1978  n1 and never reemerged as a
realistic alternative for immigration into the United States.

   In 1990, the U.S. immigration laws were drastically revised in the
Immigration Act of 1990 (IMMACT 1990).  n2 The existing preference categories
were reorganized, new categories were created, and old categories were deleted,
demoted, or revised. As part of this revision, the useless nonpreference visas
disappeared. At the same time, two new alternatives based on investment were
created for immigration to or long-term residence in the United States.  n3 The
nonpreference investor category reemerged as part of the new employment-based
fifth preference category of visas intended for job creation.  n4 Abbreviated
"EB-5," this preference category received an allocation of approximately 10,000
visas per year,  n5 making immigrant status via investment more than a
theoretical possibility for the first time in over a decade.

   The new EB-5 immigrant visa took its place alongside an existing nonimmigrant
investment-based category, the E-2 Treaty Investor visa.  n6 The "E" category
was created in the  [*106]  Immigration & Nationality Act of 1952 (INA),  n7 but
was rarely used because of lack of regulatory guidance. Provisions for
adjudication of E visas only entered the Department of State's (DOS) Foreign
Affairs Manual (FAM) in 1993.  n8 On November 12, 1997, expanded parallel
regulatory provisions by the DOS and the legacy Immigration and Naturalization
Service (INS) became effective after seven years of negotiation and debate.  n9
Together, this new regulatory framework expanded the E visa category's utility
as a vehicle for long-term residence in the United States.

   These two visa categories--one immigrant, one nonimmigrant--were intended to
create new opportunities for foreigners seeking to reside in the United States
independent of any family or employment relationship. Entrepreneurs could, in
theory, bring new capital to the U.S. economy, and in turn receive the right to
remain in the United States on the E visa as long as the investment continued,
or to remain permanently through compliance with the investment and job-creation
requirements for an EB-5 immigrant visa.

   Persons experienced in the ways of the U.S. immigration system understand,
however, that "while Congress gives, USCIS takes away."  n10 Implementation of
expansive Congressional legislation by the immigration authorities through
regulation (by agencies such as the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), the
Department of Justice, and the DOS) often negates or narrows the broad
categories and generous standards created by statute. Has the implementation of
these two investment-based categories lived up to the hopes for which they were
created? Are the E visa and EB-5 programs able to create jobs and infuse capital
into the U.S. economy or has administrative or consular rigidity changed these
possibilities into a mere chimera of long-term residence in the United States?

    [*107]  I. TEMPORARY RESIDENCE THROUGH INVESTMENT: THE E-2 TREATY INVESTOR
VISA

A. Overview

   The INA, as enacted in 1952, provided for a class of nonimmigrant visas based
on the existence of treaty relationships between the United States and other
countries. "Treaty Investor" visas, referred to as E-2 visas, are available to
persons (individuals or entities) of qualifying nationalities who are coming to
develop and direct enterprises in the United States in which they are investing
a substantial amount of capital.  n11 These visas offer the possibility of
extended stays in the United States as long as the qualifying investments
continue.  n12 These visas also offer some possibility of conversion to
permanent resident status in limited circumstances.  n13

   Under the INA and the implementing regulations of the DOS and the DHS,  n14
four groups may enter the United States as E-2 Treaty Investors: (1) individual
foreign nationals making a qualifying direct investment in the United States;
(2) business or corporate entities controlled by foreign nationals making a
qualifying direct investment (often referred to as "treaty enterprises"); (3)
management or supervisory employees of a treaty enterprise; and (4) other
employees with special skills who are essential to the foundation or initial
operations of the treaty enterprise.  n15 The focus of this article will be on
the opportunities which these first two groups of E-2 Treaty Investor visas
offer to foreign investors making a direct investment in the United States
either individually or through a business entity.

   The E visa is one of the rare nonimmigrant visa categories that  [*108]  does
not depend upon a job offer from a sponsoring U.S. employer or on a related
supporting relationship.  n16 Due to the nationality and treaty requirements,
n17 E status is not as widely available as common nonimmigrant work visas such
as the H-1B "specialty occupation" visa  n18 or the L "intra-company
transferee."  n19 However, the E visa is the only category which permits
residence in the United States based on self-employment without a high mandated
investment amount.  n20 Within its limitations, the E visa category is an
extremely useful tool for long-term investment in the United States.

B. The Regulatory Environment: Department of State and United States Citizenship
and Immigration Services

   Unlike other nonimmigrant visas, the USCIS shares responsibility for the
issuance of E visas with the DOS. An applicant for E status therefore must
choose between two different application procedures. Applicants may (1) apply
for E visas directly at a U.S. consulate without filing any other petitions or
applications with the USCIS  n21 or (2) apply for E status by filing an
application with the USCIS in the United States to change from an existing
nonimmigrant status to the appropriate E visa category.  n22

   The choice of an application avenue is a complicated one. Visas issued at
U.S. consulates are stamped in the treaty investor's passport and are valid for
entries for a period of up to five years, with a maximum duration of stay of two
years with each entry.  n23 E visa status granted through application to USCIS
is valid for a two-year period of stay in the United States only, which presents
[*109]  complications when the individual travels overseas.  n24 At that time, a
visa stamp for reentry must be obtained, which, in the case of some consulates,
means a whole new E application.

   The choice of application procedure is a complicated one, involving analysis
of travel plans, planned duration of stay, and the language of the supporting
documentation. That particular issue will not be addressed here. Rather, it is
the regulatory environment created by this dual parallel system that is of
concern to treaty investors.

   The DOS and the USCIS have each issued regulations detailing their respective
E visa application processes.  n25 The regulations substantially overlap. The
USCIS regulations cover a number of topics not addressed by the DOS because the
USCIS is also responsible for the admission of foreign nationals to the United
States and oversight of their status while they are in the United States.  n26
Consular officers are not bound by the USCIS regulations, but they may look to
them for guidance in the absence of other authority.  n27 Similarly, USCIS
officers are not bound by the DOS regulations, but they may look to the DOS
regulations, DOS practice, and the DOS FAM for guidance.  n28

   C. Requirements for E-2 Treaty Investor Status

1. The Existence of a Qualifying Treaty

   The individual or treaty enterprise seeking E status must be a national of a
foreign country with which the United States has a  [*110]  treaty of
"[friendship, [c]ommerce and [navigation" (FCN), a comparable bilateral
investment treaty (BIT), or other multilateral trade arrangement, such as the
North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).  n29

a. Qualifying Treaties and Equivalent Relationships

   Prior to 1948, the United States solidified trade relations with other
countries by negotiation of broadly-drafted FCN treaties.  n30 These were
intended to accomplish trade liberalization goals that could not be met by the
then-existing international infrastructure. The General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade came into existence in 1948, and brought increased multilateral trade
liberalization, leading to decreased use of FCN treaties to accomplish these
national objectives.  n31 Since 1981, the United States has increasingly
negotiated BITs with foreign countries to encourage and protect U.S. investments
abroad.  n32 At the same time, the United States has granted similar rights to
its treaty partners investing in the United States.

   A BIT contains fairly standard language permitting nationals of the signatory
country to enter the other country to make investments involving "a 'substantial
amount of capital or other resources.'"  n33 These provisions make "nationals of
a BIT country eligible for E treaty investor status under U.S. law."  n34 BITs
also contain other reciprocal guarantees protecting foreign nationals entering
the United States in E treaty status, such as guarantees of "national treatment"
for foreign investors and the right to hire key personnel of the treaty
country's nationality.  n35

   The United States also enters into multilateral trade agreements that create
eligibility for E status. The best example is NAFTA, which grants treaty trader
or treaty investor status for Canadians and Mexicans.  n36

   In one case, a treaty country was accorded treaty visa  [*111]  privileges by
U.S. legislation. In 1955, the United States and Philippine governments
implemented a 1954 statute that made Philippine nationals eligible for E
classification, even though there is no commercial treaty in effect between the
countries.  n37

   For an E visa, the INA requires that there exist an FCN between the treaty
country and the United States.  n38 The DOS regulations provide that a "treaty
country" is a foreign state for which a qualifying FCN treaty "or its equivalent
exists with the [United States]."  n39 The DOS provision allows a wider range of
trade arrangements to be the basis for treaty investor status than do the INA
requirements, such as the BITs or NAFTA. The USCIS has respected this broader
interpretation.

b. Limitations on Treaties

   An apparently qualifying treaty does not always provide a foundation for both
treaty trader and treaty investor status. FCN treaties normally permit both
treaty trader and treaty investor visas, but BITs are almost always restricted
to investment, with no provision for treaty trader status. Other treaties permit
only treaty trader status; nationals of Bolivia, Brunei, Denmark, Greece, and
Israel may be granted treaty trader status, but not treaty investor status.  n40


2. An Investor of a Qualifying Nationality

   The person (individual or entity) seeking E-2 treaty investor status must
hold the nationality of a country with which the United States has a qualifying
treaty or equivalent arrangement (a "treaty country").  n41 "Nationality" is
determined by the laws of the country granting that nationality.  n42

 [*112]  a. Nationality of Natural Persons

   The nationality of an E treaty applicant who is a natural person is usually
the same as the person's county of citizenship or, in some cases, the country of
his or her birth.

   The INA provides that a treaty alien may enter the United States pursuant to
a treaty between the United States and "the foreign state of which he is a
national."  n43 The USCIS regulations specify that nationality is determined by
"the foreign state of which the [treaty] alien is a national."  n44 The DOS
regulations and the FAM fortunately avoid the USCIS's circular definition by
providing that nationality is determined by the foreign state where the treaty
"alien claims nationality."  n45 Whether an intending E applicant is a national
of France, and eligible to make a qualifying treaty investment under the
U.S.-France FCN, for example, would be determined solely by French laws of
nationality and citizenship.

   The increasing mobility of the world's inhabitants has led to an increase in
the number of individuals who hold multiple citizenships. For example, if a
foreign national holds two citizenships, each of which is eligible for E status,
the intending treaty alien may apply under either nationality. If a foreign
national holds one qualifying nationality and one non-qualifying nationality,
the individual may apply claiming the nationality of the reciprocal treaty
country. In that case, the foreign national must be documented and admitted into
the United States as a national of the treaty country where the treaty benefits
accrue.  n46

   Suppose an individual born in Cameroon but who has acquired Canadian
citizenship wishes to enter the United States on an E visa based on NAFTA as the
qualifying treaty. In that case, the individual would have to enter the United
States on a Canadian passport and claim Canadian, not Cameroonian, nationality
throughout the application process. On the other hand, an individual who holds
both French and Canadian citizenship could choose to apply for E status either
under NAFTA or the U.S.- France FCN, whichever was most convenient. Determining
factors could include the applicant's place of residence, language of the
application paperwork, and local consular processing times.  [*113]  If using
the U.S.-France FCN, the individual would have to apply as a French national
under the French treaty relationship, and enter the United States using a French
passport.

   Applicants holding U.S. citizenship, even as dual citizens, are not eligible
for E status. E status is a nonimmigrant status and an applicant who holds U.S.
citizenship cannot qualify as a bona fide "nonimmigrant."  n47

b. Nationality of Business Organizations

   The nationality of a business organization depends on the nationality of the
individuals who ultimately control it. The country of incorporation or
establishment of the business organization is irrelevant to this determination;
a U.S. corporation can qualify as a treaty enterprise if nationals of a treaty
country own the requisite percentages of the corporation's stock.  n48

   In order to be a treaty enterprise, a business organization must be
ultimately at least fifty percent owned--either directly or indirectly through
other corporations--by individuals who are nationals of the treaty country.  n49
These individuals must either hold E status or, if they are outside the United
States, be eligible for E status.  n50 Thus, if a business entity is owned by
another business or is part of a corporate group, at least fifty percent of the
ultimate parent organization must be owned by treaty country nationals.  n51
Determining ownership for corporations which are publicly traded on a stock
exchange presents special challenges. The rules for such calculations start with
the position that if a corporation's shares are traded exclusively on a single
stock exchange, then the nationality of the corporation is that of the stock
exchange where the corporation is registered.  n52

   In the case of a large or multinational corporation with its shares traded on
several exchanges, the DOS has established a standard of practicability; the
burden is on the applicant to establish the nationality of the corporation by
"the best evidence  [*114]  available," considering all relevant circumstances.
n53 Partial shareholder lists might be available from the corporate transfer
agents, partial address lists of shareholders might be available from the last
shareholders' meeting, or there might be several large institutional
shareholders from one country that could establish a significant percentage of
ownership in that country.

   In calculating the ownership of a potential treaty enterprise, U.S. permanent
residents are not counted toward the foreign ownership requirements, even though
they may be citizens or nationals of the treaty country in question.  n54 An
individual holding U.S. permanent resident status is an immigrant and not
eligible for a nonimmigrant visa status.  n55 United States permanent residents
also cannot meet the regulatory requirements that they maintain treaty status or
"would be classifiable" as treaty aliens if they are outside the United States.
n56 Persons holding dual citizenship (the United States and a foreign country)
are similarly disregarded in such a calculation.

c. Nationality Requirements and Employees of Treaty Aliens or Treaty
Organizations

   An investor establishing a treaty enterprise in the United States may hire
employees of the same nationality on a preferential basis. These may be
management or supervisory employees of a treaty enterprise or other employees
with special skills who are essential to the foundation or initial operations of
the treaty enterprise.  n57 An individual employee of a treaty alien or of a
treaty enterprise must hold the same nationality as the primary treaty trader or
investor.  n58

    [*115]  This "same nationality" requirement becomes critical in two cases.
The first is if the treaty investor is considering selling the treaty enterprise
which he or she has founded. The business may have grown and become successful
due to the labors of key E employees. If such an E business enterprise is
acquired by nationals from another country, then the investing business' E
status is lost. The employees will lose their entitlement to E status at the
same time. Careful advance planning is required to move key employees to another
visa status in advance of the transfer of ownership of the business. This, of
course, assumes that another visa status is available--which may or may not be
the case. The continuing work authorization of key employees can become a
critical part of the acquisition.

   In the second case, the treaty employee can lose E status if an individual
employer or majority shareholder loses E status. If the treaty alien who is the
direct employer becomes a legal permanent resident of the United States, the
treaty alien no longer holds E status and can no longer employ other qualifying
nationals in that status.  n59 If the treaty investor is the majority owner of a
business organization employing E treaty nationals, and becomes a legal
permanent resident, then the business organization loses its E status. Again,
careful advance planning is required to avoid losing key employees during such
transitions.

d. Nationality of Dependents

   The spouse and other dependents of treaty aliens are not required to hold
treaty country nationality to enter the United States as treaty dependents.  n60
For example, if a French citizen qualifies for E-2 Treaty Investor status, her
Algerian husband will also receive E-2 status as her dependent.

 [*116]  3. A Qualifying Investment

   An individual seeking treaty investor status--either directly or through a
business enterprise--must be entering the United States solely to develop and
direct the operations of a bona fide enterprise in which the intending treaty
alien has invested, or is actively in the process of investing, a substantial
amount of capital.

   That short, dense sentence contains four core requirements for E treaty
investor status, each of which must be addressed in an application for E status:


     (1) the investor must be investing or in the process of investing
     capital;
     (2) the amount of capital must be substantial;
     (3) the enterprise must be bona fide. In a corollary to this
     requirement, the regulations prohibit marginal investments; the
     investment must do more than merely support the treaty investor and
     his or her family;  n61 and
     (4) the investor must be coming to develop and direct the enterprise
     being founded.


a. The Definition of "Invested" or "Process of Investing" Capital

   The investor either must have already invested capital in a bona fide
enterprise in the United States or be involved currently and actively in making
that investment.  n62 "Investment" means placing capital, "including funds and
other assets . . . at risk in the commercial sense with the objective of
generating a profit."  n63

i. Source of the Invested Capital

   The USCIS requires that the foreign national--directly or through a business
enterprise--has invested or is in the process of investing capital.  n64 The
intending investor must be able to demonstrate the source of this capital for
two reasons. First, the regulations prohibit investments where the funds or
assets were obtained, directly or indirectly, through criminal activity.  n65
[*117]  Second, the investor personally must be the source of the funds and be
at risk for their loss.  n66 To ensure the integrity of the E visa program,
foreign nationals may not claim E visa status merely by acting as a front for
investments made by third parties.  n67

   It is usually sufficient for the E-2 investor to demonstrate that the funds
used in an E investment were in the possession and control of the investor prior
to the investment, combined with an explanation of the source of the capital. If
the amount of capital appears to be disproportionate based on the E applicant's
prior earnings or activities, the consular or immigration officers may examine
more closely the claimed source of the investor's funds. The source (such as a
gift, a loan against an expected inheritance, an inheritance from a relative or
other person, or the proceeds of the sale of a previously owned business) might
require documentation for the examining authority.

ii. Capital at Risk of Loss

   The critical question for many investors is whether they are placing capital
"at risk" as defined by the regulations.  n68 Capital must be at risk of partial
or total loss if the investment is not profitable.  n69 For this reason,
investments based on purely executory contracts that can be rescinded without
risk or financial consequences to the investor do not constitute an
"investment."

   The USCIS and DOS have consistently taken the position that capital secured
by the assets of the enterprise, such as economic development loans or mortgages
with no other security, is not "capital at risk."  n70 Such capital is
discounted in determining the required "substantial investment."  n71 However,
in its focus on not permitting borrowed capital to be part of the "substantial
investment" equation, the government has refused to consider as  [*118]
"capital at risk" many routine methods of contributing capital to a growing
business. The DOS does not even recognize as "capital at risk" the common
recourse loan, i.e., a loan secured by assets of the treaty enterprise, where,
in case of default, the mortgagors have ultimate recourse to the individual
treaty investors or owners.  n72

   The positions of the DOS and USCIS on this issue have prevented E visa
investors from using routine and common tax-advantaged structures for financing
a new business. If an investor contributes appreciated land and buildings to an
enterprise in the United States and transfers ownership of those real property
assets to the enterprise, they become property of the enterprise and are
"capital at risk" for the contributing investor. Those assets could now be used
to secure loans to the corporation. However, because those assets belong to the
enterprise and not to the investor, the loans obtained through the use of those
assets would not be considered "capital at risk." This would be true even if the
investor would lose the contributed assets if the business fails.

   An E investor must therefore be creative in structuring an investment to
ensure that capital for the enterprise is "at risk" under the USCIS and DOS
standards. The treaty investor should consult with legal counsel and tax
advisors to develop a means of financing the treaty enterprise that best
leverages the treaty investor's assets. It may be advantageous to divide the
investment into two businesses--a financing vehicle and the actual investment
enterprise. Or the investor may retain title to significant business assets and
pledge them as collateral for loans to himself while leasing the assets (subject
to the loan) to the treaty enterprise. The ultimate choice of financing
structure depends on the needs of the business.

iii. Capital "Irrevocably Committed"

   The treaty investor must establish that the capital that was  [*119]
invested or is in the process of being invested is "irrevocably committed" to
the enterprise.  n73 Executory contracts or other business arrangements that
permit capital to be released without financial penalty to the investor do not
constitute capital which is irrevocably committed.

   This requirement creates a problem for many treaty investors, who are
understandably hesitant to commit funds irrevocably to enterprises in the United
States before the investors have any assurance that their E visas will, indeed,
be granted. Investors face the very real possibility of investing money in a
U.S. enterprise without subsequently being granted the visa which would enable
them to come to the United States to supervise that investment.

   The immigration regulations have addressed this issue in part by specifically
authorizing the use of escrow accounts or similar mechanisms that permit
commitment of funds while protecting the investor.  n74 The entire transaction
should be completed in escrow so that the funds will flow into the investment
enterprise as soon as the visa is issued. Such escrow agreements must clearly
provide that the only basis for revocation of the committed funds would be the
failure of the E treaty investor to obtain the necessary visa.

   This structure works well for some enterprises, e.g., for the purchase of an
existing business or a franchise, where the investment and the work begin when
the closing takes place. This structure does not work for the situation where a
business is being started by the investor, possibly as a subsidiary of an
overseas enterprise. Without the use of the investor's funds to organize and
begin the business, there is no bona fide business as required by the E
regulations.  n75

   A further complication is that, despite the regulatory recognition of closing
into escrow, consulates frequently require evidence of business operations and
expenditure of funds before the E visa will be granted.

iv. Control over the Capital Invested

   The E "treaty investor must be in possession of and have  [*120]  control
over the capital invested or being invested."  n76 The investor does not need to
have all of the committed capital in his or her possession or under his or her
control at the moment of the application, but the investor must be "actively in
the process of investing" the capital.  n77

   In some investments, an applicant may be relying on future infusions of
capital, in addition to the initial capital investment. In those situations, it
is necessary to show that the applicant's future control over those funds is not
contingent or otherwise questionable. Examples of acceptable proof include
promissory notes from other investors, sales contracts for the assets being sold
in the foreign country to generate capital, or other evidence that the funds
will be available to the treaty investor at some future time.

b. Investment of a "Substantial" Amount of Capital

   In addition to the requirements having to do with the source and availability
of the treaty investor's capital, the regulations further require that the
capital invested in the treaty enterprise be "substantial."  n78 The USCIS and
DOS regulations have assiduously avoided any sort of formal or fixed definition
of what is "substantial" for purposes of a treaty investment.  n79 Rather, the
regulations and the FAM have attempted to establish guideposts and formulas for
assessing an investment without drawing  [*121]  bright-line distinctions
between sufficient and insufficient capital.  n80

   The regulations recognize that different amounts of capital are required for
different investments. Clearly, it takes far less capital to establish a
computer software development company than to establish a manufacturing plant. A
software development company requires a lease, a few chairs and desks, some
computers, and enough money to pay the bills until the development contracts
begin to pay off in a few weeks or months. The manufacturing enterprise requires
substantial infusions of capital for inventory, equipment, and hard assets, as
well as working capital until the business becomes profitable, possibly years
later.  n81

   The regulations establish a three-part test for determining "substantiality"
in the context of a particular investment, which is usually referred to as the
"proportionality test."  n82 The first and most important element of this test
is that the amount of capital invested must be substantial in proportion to the
total cost of purchasing an established enterprise, or of creating a new
enterprise.  n83 The FAM reads, "[t]he cost of an established business is,
generally, its purchase price, which is normally considered to be the fair
market value."  n84 Also, "[t]he cost of a newly created business is the actual
cost needed to establish such a business to the point of being operational."
n85 The amount invested should then be compared to the cost of the business
being established, "assessing the percentage of the investment in relation to
the cost of the business."  n86 "If the two figures are the same, then the
investor has invested 100 percent of the needed  [*122]  funds in the business,"
and the investment is deemed to be "substantial."  n87

   The USCIS and the DOS use an inverse sliding scale to evaluate the
substantiality of an investment under this test.  n88 The lower the cost of the
enterprise, the greater the required percentage of investment is needed to be
considered "substantial."  n89 For the computer software company discussed
above, virtually all the capital required for that investment must have been
invested or committed in the short term to qualify as substantial. In the case
of heavy manufacturing, however, an initial investment of ten percent to
twenty-five percent of necessary capital has been deemed sufficient,
particularly when the business plan shows ongoing capital contributions by the
owners over the coming years.

   The second element of the regulations' three-part test is that the amount
invested must be "[s]ufficient to ensure the treaty investor's financial
commitment to the successful operation of the enterprise."  n90 While every case
is evaluated on its own facts, a small enterprise will draw a more critical
review on this point.

   The third element for determining substantiality is that the capital invested
must be sufficient to make it likely "that the treaty investor will successfully
develop and direct the enterprise."  n91 Undercapitalized businesses struggle to
succeed, and foreigners with no U.S. credit record will have more difficulty
obtaining credit and loans than an American investor might.

c. Investment in a Bona Fide Enterprise

   "The enterprise must be a real, active and operating commercial or
entrepreneurial undertaking which produces services or goods for profit."  n92
Also, the enterprise "cannot be a paper organization or an idle speculative
investment held for potential appreciation in value, such as undeveloped land or
stocks."  n93 Investments in non-profit enterprises such as schools or
associations are also not considered as qualifying investments for investment
purposes.  n94

    [*123]  This requirement, that the enterprise be an "active and operating"
enterprise, appears to contradict the regulation discussed above that permits
the investor to be "in the process of investing." If the investor is in the
process of making a large investment, the enterprise might not yet be operating.
It is also difficult to read in harmony with the provisions authorizing closure
of an E transaction into escrow.  n95 In reality, the enterprise need not
actually be operating if there has been substantial progress towards operating.
The application for the E visa can be supported by a business plan showing how
the funds are being invested and how the firm will operate once it opens for
business.

   The other problem faced by investors who seek to develop treaty enterprises
is admission into the United States before the E visa is granted. The foreign
investor must be able to enter the United States to develop the business to the
point that it qualifies as a "bona fide enterprise" but must avoid accusations
of working illegally. Long periods in the United States or frequent border
crossings can lead, at some point, to a Customs and Border Protection (CBP)
officer at the border challenging the investor's intentions.

   This problem may be resolved by using a B-l business visitor visa  n96 until
the E visa is granted. Such a strategy is appropriate according to the FAM.  n97
When applying for the B-l visa, the applicant should note his or her intent to
establish a treaty enterprise in the United States and request an annotation on
the B-l visa as an "intending E visa applicant." If the B visa holder then
applies for a change of status in the United States, the annotation will protect
the applicant from charges of misrepresentation upon admission. It would also
alert the CBP officer at the border that the intended activity had been
disclosed to a U.S. consulate and approved as consistent with B-l status.

 [*124]  d. Marginality

   An investment will not qualify for treaty status if the enterprise resulting
from the investment is "marginal." An enterprise is marginal if it generates a
living solely for the treaty investor and the investor's family members.  n98
This is consistent with the purposes of the multilateral and bilateral
investment treaties: to generate jobs in the other treaty country's territory.
If the investment generates jobs only for the investor, then there is no net
benefit to the host country.  n99

   The USCIS and DOS recognize that a new investment may be marginal for several
years. Both the USCIS and the DOS regulations provide that an enterprise that
does not yet have the capacity to generate more than a minimal living for the
investor's family, but that has the present or future capacity to "make a
significant economic contribution," is not a marginal enterprise.  n100
Investment enterprises have five years in which to realize income-generating
capacity.  n101 USCIS has recognized the value of a business plan in
establishing the investment's future capacity to make the required economic
contribution (usually expressed in terms of future employment of Americans).
n102

 [*125]  4. Qualifying Function

   The treaty alien must be coming to the United States "solely to develop and
direct" a treaty enterprise within the meaning of the E regulations.  n103

a. Capacity to Develop and Direct the Enterprise

   Treaty investors must demonstrate that they have or will have the ability to
"develop and direct" the enterprise, i.e., that the investor either must or will
control the enterprise within a reasonable time.  n104 To have the required
ability to "develop and direct" the enterprise, the investor must demonstrate
ownership of at least fifty percent of the treaty enterprise or must hold
"operational control through a managerial position or other corporate device."
n105 Absent proof of control by the treaty alien, "other individuals who do have
the controlling interest are in a position to dictate how the enterprise is to
be developed and directed," regardless of the wishes of the treaty investor.
n106 This imperils the ability of the investor to obtain or retain E visa
status.

   A treaty investor can establish operational control with less than a fifty
percent share of ownership "by other means."  n107 The investor might use a
voting agreement by which the investor obtains disproportionate representation
on, or control of, the enterprise's board of directors' or shareholders'
meetings. The investor may also exert sufficient control by utilizing management
responsibilities. Even a 50/50 joint venture might give an investor sufficient
"negative control" over company decision-making to justify a finding of control,
or there may be other evidence of "effective control" at ownership levels below
fifty percent.  n108

 [*126]  b. Incidental Activities

   Individual treaty investors may engage in compensable activities that are
incident to the terms and conditions of the E classification. "Acceptable
incidental activities are those which are reasonably related to, and a necessary
outgrowth of the treaty employment forming the basis of the treaty alien's E
nonimmigrant visa classification."  n109

   The INS suggested, as an example, that it would be reasonable to expect a
manager to perform--temporarily--the duties of the persons whom the manager
supervises as an incidental activity to the manager's normal managerial
functions.  n110 However, a treaty investor who regularly performs lower-level
duties or engages primarily in skilled or unskilled labor rather than
participating in management will not qualify for E status. A treaty investor may
perform "hands on" duties only if they are incidental to the investor's
development and direction of the enterprise.  n111

   An individual treaty investor cannot create a treaty enterprise in the United
States on a part-time basis while simultaneously engaging in other employment in
the United States unrelated to the E business.  n112 The treaty investor also
may not manage the E business in the United States on a part-time basis because
of other U.S. business interests or employment.  n113 The investor's activities
in the United States must be limited solely to developing and directing the U.S.
activities which justify the E classification.  n114 Side employment is not
permitted. The treaty investor may, however, manage the E business in the United
States on a part-time basis because of the investor's other business interests
and income overseas.

   USCIS regulations adopt the holdings of a line of cases which analyze whether
particular treaty investors acted as true entrepreneurs in providing goods and
services (and were thus eligible for extension of their E status), or whether
they acted more as individual workers. The cases hold that a bona fide  [*127]
investor may engage in some activities ordinarily performed by an employee or
worker if the investor acts primarily to direct, manage, and protect the
investment. The owner of a motel may perform related maintenance work or the
owner of a small store may act as the store's cashier, as long as those
activities are directed to the growth and protection of the treaty investment.
The test is whether the owner and entrepreneur are competing with other business
owners and entrepreneurs (in the provision of motel rooms or shoes), rather than
with American employees (seeking maintenance work or cashier positions).  n115

D. Duration: The E-2 Visa as a Long-Term Visa Option

   The E visa provides an excellent means to obtain long-term nonimmigrant
status for the investor and the investor's family members. In contrast to other
nonimmigrant visas, such as the H and L, there are no statutory or regulatory
limits on the duration of E status for the principal investor. E-2 status can
usually continue to exist as long as the underlying trade or investment
continues,  n116 assuming that the requirements for E status continue to be met.
The underlying E visa stamp or authorized stay can be renewed with appropriate
applications to the USCIS or to U.S. consulates overseas.  n117

   The indefinite duration of E status is supported by USCIS's recognition that
E status holders may have "dual intent."  n118 Dual intent arises when an
individual in the United States simultaneously harbors two conflicting
intentions: the intent to remain permanently in the United States as a permanent
resident and the intent to depart the United States at the  [*128]  termination
of nonimmigrant status if an application for permanent residency status is not
successful.  n119 The E visa regulations did not specifically permit "dual
intent" for E status holders for many years, although DOS and INS practice had
acknowledged the applicability of the "dual intent" provisions to treaty
investors.  n120

   When the INS issued its regulations in 1997, it formally recognized "dual
intent" for E status holders. Although E status holders must maintain an
intention to depart from the United States at the end of their E status, an
application by the E-2 investor for initial admission, change of status, or
extension of stay in E classification will not be denied solely because the
foreign national has an approved request for permanent labor certification or a
pending or approved immigrant visa petition.  n121

   Another consequence of the indefinite duration of E status is the fact that E
status holders need not maintain foreign residences.  n122 Most other
nonimmigrant status holders must demonstrate that they are maintaining a foreign
residence to which they will return at the end of their nonimmigrant stay in the
United States. However, neither the INA itself nor the USCIS or DOS regulations
require that E status holders maintain a foreign residence.  n123

   This does not make E status "permanent." E status holders must maintain valid
nonimmigrant intent or risk losing their status. They must intend to depart the
United States at the termination of E status, although the statute does not
require E status holders to claim that they are entering the United States
"temporarily."  n124 The cases distinguish between a "desire" to stay in the
United States permanently and an expressed intent to do so--the latter may bar
grant or renewal of E visa status, but the former will not.  n125

E. Employment of E-2 Treaty Dependents

   The E visa is one of only two nonimmigrant visas that permits the spouse of
the primary visa holder to work. The INA was  [*129]  amended effective January
16, 2002 to authorize the employment of spouses (but not dependents) of E visa
holders who have been admitted under § 101(a)(15)(E) of the INA.  n126

   Work authorization for an E visa spouse is not automatic. The USCIS must make
a determination that the applicant is the spouse of a person admitted as an E
treaty alien. The dependent spouse of a treaty alien must therefore request an
Employment Authorization Card by filing with the USCIS Form 1-765, Application
for Employment Authorization Document.  n127 If the treaty investor is
requesting E status through a change of status in the United States, the request
of employment authorization is concurrently filed with the change of status
request. If the treaty investor applies for an E visa at a U.S. consulate
overseas, the application for employment authorization is filed after the E visa
is granted and the E treaty investor and family members enter the United States.
n128

   The work authorization provisions for spouses of E treaty aliens do not
extend to other dependents. E dependent children are not legally permitted to
work, and other dependents who are teenagers, college students, or adults (e.g.,
a mobility-impaired adult family member or an unemployed widowed mother) who may
seek a work outlet for their time and talents are also  [*130]  prohibited from
working. Long-term E visa holders who came to the United States when their
children were small now find those children becoming teenagers or young adults
seeking employment. Options for these dependents are very limited, and always
involve change to an independent visa status.

   Dependents attending or planning to attend a university or college may find
it advantageous to change from E to F-1 student status. The F-1 visa regulations
prohibit employment in the first academic year of study, but "on-campus"
employment is permitted.  n129 After completion of the first academic year,
students have a limited ability to work on economic hardship grounds.  n130
Students also have the opportunity under defined conditions to engage in
"curricular practical training" and "optional practical training,"  n131 which
can be compensated employment within the restrictions of the F-1 visa.

   H visas are an option for college-educated dependents, but there are
significant barriers to the use of this visa: the cost of the H visa is a major
deterrent,  n132 as is availability, due to the limits on the number of H visas
that can be issued each year.

F. Transition to Legal Permanent Resident Status

   E visa holders are eligible to become legal permanent residents of the United
States.  n133 For E investors who own or control their own businesses, there are
substantial hurdles to converting from nonimmigrant to immigrant status.

     The legal permanent resident process in the United States normally
     involves four steps:
     (1) labor certification, or test of the U.S. labor market for
     qualified U.S. workers, currently through the PERM procedure defined
     by  [*131]  the Department of Labor;  n134
     (2) a visa petition by the U.S. sponsoring employer;  n135
     (3) an application by the individual to have the visa issued to them
     through the adjustment of status or consular processing procedure;
     n136 and
     (4) actual issuance of the "green card"--either at the border or
     through USCIS.

   Some categories of "green cards" skip the labor certification step and permit
applicants to go directly to the visa petition. It is these categories which are
of greatest interest to the E visa holder because the labor certification stage
creates difficulties for the E investor seeking to transition to legal permanent
resident status.

   An E investor seeking a "green card" through labor certification must test
the U.S. labor market, according to the Department of Labor rules, to prove that
there is no minimally qualified and available U.S. worker to take the offered
position.  n137 When the owner of the E business advertises for a U.S. worker to
replace himself or herself as the head of the E treaty investment, the
Department of Labor is unlikely to believe that there truly is a position
available. In some cases, the facts may prove that there is a bona fide job
opening, e.g., the treaty investor wishes in the future to focus on marketing
rather than operation of the business and is looking to replace himself or
herself in the CEO role. However, that is a difficult case to make, particularly
if the E business is relatively small.

   For this reason, E visa investors must often look at the immigrant visa
categories which do not require a labor certification. These include all of the
visas in the employment-based first preference category (outstanding
researchers, aliens of extraordinary ability, and multinational managers  n138),
as well as visas in the employment-based second preference where the individual
alien is coming to perform work that is in the "national interest."  n139 The
standards for these visas are high and the criteria very specific. Treaty
investors cannot assume that they will meet these standards.

   The employment-based fifth preference, the EB-5 category, provides a "green
card" based on investment in the United  [*132]  States.  n140 Does this visa
provide an avenue for the E treaty investor?

   II. RESIDENCE THROUGH INVESTMENT: LEGAL PERMANENT RESIDENCE THROUGH THE EB-5
INVESTOR CATEGORY

   Legal permanent resident (LPR) status in the United States confers on a
foreign national the right to live and work in the United States for an
unlimited time period.  n141 One possible route to LPR status for a foreign
national has been through investment in the United States.  n142 This road,
however, has never been an easy one, and immigration to the United States
through investment has historically been only minimally used. The intricacies of
the immigrant investor visa program also make it difficult for an E visa
investor to directly transition to LPR status through investment.

A. Historical Background

   "From 1965 to 1978 investors were eligible to immigrate to the United States
in a nonpreference category."  n143 Applicants for nonpreference immigrant visas
were exempted from the general labor certification requirement upon a showing of
an investment of at least $ 10,000 (later $ 40,000) "in a U.S.-based business
employing at least one U.S. worker."  n144 "[I]nvestors were not differentiated
from other nonpreference immigrants,"  n145 and nonpreference visas were only
available on the off-chance that there were unused visas from one of the
preference categories, limiting the program's usefulness. In September 1978,
high demand for visas in the preference categories led nonpreference visas to
become permanently unavailable, effectively ending this means of immigration for
investors.  n146

 [*133]  1. Regular EB-5 Program

   In IMMACT 1990, Congress provided foreign investors with a new avenue to LPR
status.  n147 The EB-5 category sets aside approximately 10,000  n148 immigrant
visa numbers per federal fiscal year for foreign investors and their spouses and
children.  n149 At least 3,000 of the visa numbers are reserved for investments
in rural areas or areas of high unemployment.  n150 Investors must also invest a
specific amount of capital in a new commercial enterprise which will create
employment for at least ten full-time jobs for U.S. workers.  n151 Furthermore,
$ 500,000 is the minimum qualifying investment amount for commercial businesses
located in "rural areas"  n152 or "targeted employment areas";  n153 $ 1 million
is the minimum qualifying amount of investment for all other businesses.  n154
Moreover, legislative history suggests that Congress anticipated that as many as
4,000 foreign investors and their families would seek LPR status each year,
resulting in annual investments of $ 4 billion and the creation of 40,000 jobs
annually.  n155

2. Regional Center Pilot Program

   Initial usage of the EB-5 program was weak. In 1992, to encourage further use
of the EB-5 program, Congress enacted the  [*134]  Immigrant Investor Pilot
Program (Pilot Program).  n156 Through this program, foreign investors in a
USCIS-approved "economic unit" known as a "Regional Center" could pool resources
and have a larger positive impact on the economy.  n157 As of June 24, 2009,
there were forty-nine approved and active Regional Centers, with another
forty-one regional center applications pending at USCIS as of June 22, 2009.
n158 Regional Centers must focus on a specific geographic location, but that can
be fairly broad (the Georgia Regional Development Center Regional Center covers
the entire state of Georgia  n159) or limited (the Anacostia Regional Center
covers Wards 7 and 8 of Washington, D.C.  n160).

   The requirements of the Pilot Program are less restrictive than those of the
traditional EB-5 program. Regional Centers are located within a targeted
employment area; thus, only $ 500,000 must be invested instead of $ 1 million.
The job creation requirement is also lightened--an investor in a Regional Center
need only prove "'indirect' . . . rather than 'direct' . . . creation" of ten
U.S. jobs.  n161 This is advantageous to investors who have less money to
invest, making it easier for the EB-5 process to be successful, thus broadening
the appeal of the program.

   The Pilot Program was originally scheduled to end on September 30, 2003, but
Congress reinstated and extended it for five years through a November 2003
statute, with a new sunset  [*135]  date of October 1, 2008.  n162 This was
later extended again to March 6, 2009,  n163 and now September 30, 2009.  n164

B. Overview of the EB-5 Green Card Application Process

   The procedural steps to obtain and secure LPR status under the EB-5 program
(both the regular process and the Pilot Program) are quite complex. The basic
process involves the following steps:

     (1) The immigrant investor invests (or must be in the process of
     investing) the qualifying amount of capital in the chosen investment
     vehicle;
     (2) An immigrant investor files Form I-526 with USCIS, documenting the
     qualifying investment in the United States and evidence (usually a
     business plan) demonstrating that at least ten United States jobs
     (direct for regular process, indirect for Pilot Program) will be
     created as a result of the investment;
     (3) If granted, the investor either processes the immigrant visa at a
     United Sates Consulate overseas or applies for adjustment of status in
     the United States;
     (4) The immigrant investor is granted conditional permanent residence
     status, valid for two years, during which time the investment must
     result in the creation of at least ten United States jobs (direct for
     regular process, indirect for Pilot Program);
     (5) Prior to the end of the two year conditional period, the investor
     files a second petition with USCIS, this time on Form I-829, to remove
     the conditions and become a full LPR. In this second petition, the
     immigrant investor must document that the required job creation has
     actually taken place, or can be expected to have occurred within a
     reasonable period of time;
     (6) If granted, the investor is given a new unconditional green card.
     n165

C. Basic Requirements of EB-5 Program

   In order to qualify for LPR status as an EB-5 immigrant investor, an
individual must: (1) invest or be actively involved in the process of investing,
(2) in a new commercial enterprise, (3) with capital in the amount of $ 1
million ($ 500,000 for rural or  [*136]  targeted employment areas), (4) to
benefit the United States economy and create no fewer than ten full-time
positions for United Sates workers.  n166

   Each of these requirements can cause difficulty for a would-be immigrant
investor. Additionally, in many cases these requirements are different from the
requirements for an E visa investor.

1. Invest or Be Actively in the Process of Investing

   An EB-5 investor must have invested or be in the process of investing at the
time the initial application is filed.  n167 The phrase "process of investing"
is effectively meaningless, because USCIS requires that the full required
minimum investment be "at risk for the purpose of generating a [financial]
return" at the time the initial application is filed.  n168 This means that an
investor cannot just invest part of the required capital or build up to the
required minimum over time. It is also not sufficient to have merely the
intention to make the investment or to have promised or pledged the investment.
n169 Rather, the investor must show that the required amount of capital has been
actually committed to the enterprise at the time the visa application is made.
n170

2. New Commercial Enterprise

   This simple phrase imposes two separate requirements: the enterprise must be
both "new" and "commercial."

   First, to be "new," the enterprise must have been formed after the effective
date of the IMMACT 1990--November 29, 1990.  n171 An enterprise formed before
this date will only qualify if the investor restructures, reorganizes, or
expands an existing business sufficiently such that a new enterprise results.
n172 Thus, it is difficult for an E visa investor to transition a pre-1990
enterprise into a qualifying EB-5 investment.

    [*137]  Second, the enterprise must be a "commercial" enterprise. "[A]ny
for-profit [enterprise] formed for the [purpose of engaging in the] conduct of
lawful business" will qualify as a commercial enterprise.  n173 This includes
"sole proprietorship[s], partnership[s] . . . , holding compan[ies], joint
venture[s], corporation[s], business trust[s], or other entit[ies] publicly or
privately owned."  n174 A "new commercial enterprise" does not include
non-commercial activity, "such as owning and operating a personal residence."
n175 It also excludes any type of not-for-profit activity, even if such activity
involves the establishment of an enterprise (e.g., a sheltered workshop, school,
or religious establishment) and creates jobs.  n176

3. Capital

   "Capital" is defined as "cash, equipment, inventory, other tangible property,
cash equivalents, and indebtedness secured by assets owned by the alien
entrepreneur."  n177 "Capital" does not include loans by the petitioner or other
parties.  n178 Indebtedness secured by assets owned by the investor (typically
via a promissory note payable to the enterprise) may be considered capital,
"provided that [the investor] is personally and primarily liable and that the
assets of the . . . enterprise upon which the petition is based are not used to
secure any of the indebtedness."  n179 The investment is considered to be "at
risk" if the investor must, without exception, make all the required payments on
the note.  n180 All capital is valued at fair market value in U.S. dollars at
the time it is given.  n181

   In a key difference from the rules governing the E-2 nonimmigrant investors,
USCIS has taken the position that retained earnings cannot count as "capital"
for EB-5 purposes.  n182  [*138]  USCIS's position is that all capital invested
in a qualifying commercial enterprise must be both "new" to the enterprise and
fully at risk from the beginning of the investment.  n183 This makes it
impossible for an E-2 investor to grow a small business into a qualifying
enterprise for EB-5 purposes.

   "Capital" also excludes any "[a]ssets acquired, directly or indirectly,
[through] unlawful means."  n184 The investor has the burden to establish that
the invested funds were not acquired by unlawful means. It is important that the
investor be able to document precisely how the funds came to the investor: this
issue is one of the most frequent stumbling blocks for a potential EB-5
investor. Earned income is generally easy to document, but it can be difficult
to prove that capital acquired by the investor through a gift, inheritance, or
sale of property was not somehow, even indirectly, acquired through unlawful
means.

   The EB-5 regulations require submission of the following types of
documentation to establish that capital used in the new enterprise was acquired
through lawful means:

     (1) The investor's "foreign business registration records";
     (2) The investor's personal and business tax returns, or other tax
     returns of any kind filed anywhere in the world within the previous
     five years;
     (3) Documents identifying any other source of money; or
     (4) Certified copies of "all pending governmental civil or criminal
     actions" and proceedings, or any "private civil actions" involving
     money judgments against the investor within the past fifteen years.
     n185

   Investors from countries with looser monetary controls or tax reporting
systems can find it difficult to generate the required documentation or paper
trail for the source of the invested funds.

   The EB-5 regulations differ from E visa practice in another way on the
definition of "capital": start-up costs considered to be part of the investment
for E-2 applications are disregarded for EB-5 purposes.  n186 Because the
required minimum capital  [*139]  ($ 500,000 or $ 1 million) must be fully
invested in the new commercial enterprise for the purpose of job creation, USCIS
has held that start-up costs, such as attorney's fees related to the EB-5
application or administrative costs associated with an EB-5 Regional Center, do
not count toward meeting this minimum figure.  n187

4. Benefit the United States Economy and Create No Fewer Than Ten Full-Time
Positions for United States Workers

   A qualifying investment must "benefit the United States economy" and "create
full-time employment for not fewer than 10" U.S. workers, exclusive of the EB-5
investor and his immediate family members  n188 and nonimmigrant aliens.  n189
It is unclear what kind of investment would create ten or more full-time
positions for U.S. workers and not benefit the U.S. economy. The statute offers
no guidance on this issue. It appears, however, that the investor must show that
the commercial enterprise will somehow benefit the U.S. economy above and beyond
the job-creation activities. Therefore, the investor should present evidence
that the enterprise has some additional benefit to the U.S. economy, such as
evidence that the enterprise provides goods or services to the U.S. economy.

   The investment must also create full-time employment for at least ten U.S.
workers.  n190 The jobs created must be full-time, i.e., a minimum of
thirty-five working hours per week, regardless of who fills the position.  n191
"A job-sharing arrangement, whereby two or more . . . employees share a
full-time position shall count as full-time employment provided the hourly
requirement per week is met."  n192 Investment in the traditional EB-5 program
requires the investment to directly create ten U.S. jobs, but investment through
the Pilot Program need only result in an indirect creation of jobs.  n193 Any
"direct and indirect . . . jobs that are created by the petitioner's investment
and that are expected to last at least 2 years may . . . count as permanent jobs
for Form  [*140]  I-526 and I-829 purposes," even construction jobs.  n194 For
regional center petitions and for purposes of indirect job creation, USCIS
officers may consider economic models that rely on certain variables to show job
creation and the amount of investment to determine whether the required infusion
of capital or creation of direct jobs will result in a certain number of
indirect jobs.  n195

   The purpose of the EB-5 program is for foreign investment to result in job
creation in the United States, so obviously the jobs need not exist at the time
the initial investment is made. Also, USCIS does not require the job creation to
take place at the time the I-526 petition is filed. USCIS takes the position
that, "[f]or purposes of the Form I-526 adjudication and the job creation
requirements," the investor has two years and six months from the date of the
adjudication of the Form 1-526 within which to establish employment of ten
full-time U.S. workers.  n196 USCIS will require, however, that a "business plan
filed with the Form I-526 reasonably demonstrate[] that the requisite number of
jobs will be created by the end of this . . . period."  n197

D. Problems with the EB-5 Program

   "[A]pproximately 10,000 immigrant visas per year" are available in the EB-5
category, but fewer than 1,000 visas are used annually.  n198 There is near
universal agreement that the EB-5 system as it currently operates is not
functional. USCIS has recognized that immigration to the United States through
investment has, for a number of reasons, been well below that anticipated by
Congress.  n199

   A 2005 Government Accountability Office Report attributed the  [*141]  low
participation in the EB-5 program to various factors including "an onerous
application process; lengthy adjudication periods; and the suspension of
processing on over 900 EB-5 cases--some of which date to 1995--precipitated by a
change in USCIS's interpretation of regulations regarding financial
qualifications."  n200 Citing the same report, the Congressional Research
Service traced the low participation in the EB-5 program to "the rigorous nature
of the LPR investor application process and qualifying requirements; the lack of
expertise among adjudicators; uncertainty regarding adjudication outcomes;
negative media attention on the LPR investor program; lack of clear statutory
guidance; and lack of timely application processing and adjudication."  n201

   In an effort to respond to these issues in 2005, USCIS announced its
intention to revitalize the EB-5 program and its establishment of the Investor
and Regional Center Unit (IRCU).  n202 While this effort had some limited
success (USCIS "received 1,257 Form 1-526 petitions in FY 2008"  n203), and EB-5
processing times have improved, problems remain with the program.

1. Investor Uncertainty over the Success of Green Card Application

   A major drawback to the EB-5 program is that the EB-5 statute provides for a
two-year conditional residence period, but  [*142]  does not guarantee investors
that they will obtain LPR status at the end of that period.  n204 The EB-5
program requires that the investment of a large sum of money result in
documented employment creation prior to the removal of conditions on the
conditional green card. Potential EB-5 investors may be deterred out of concern
that they will be unable to create the ten or more jobs or that other factors
may impede their ability to sustain their investment over the two-year period,
resulting in their failure to meet the terms of the program and, subsequently,
loss of status. Investors could find themselves having invested a large sum of
money in an enterprise that they cannot remain in the United States to
supervise. Investors from treaty countries could be able to convert to E-2
investor status, but that status is not the investor's original goal, and has
its own unique limitations, as discussed above.

2. EB-5 Program Instability

   Investors have been reluctant to use the EB-5 program because the legal
landscape supporting the program has been particularly unstable. Between 1993
and 1997, the legacy INS issued interpretive guidance on a number of key legal
issues related to the EB-5 program that was later repudiated by the agency,
leaving investors who relied on this guidance in limbo.

   For example, INS General Counsel guidance stated that investors could "obtain
status without actually committing their entire investment amount to the
business."  n205 Programs developed wherein investors were granted conditional
green cards after placing capital in an escrow account and were contractually
guaranteed return of their principal after the conditions on the green cards
were removed.

   In 1998, the then-INS Administrative Appeals Office (AAO) released four
decisions instituting "more restrictive interpretations of the law" by rejecting
guidance previously issued.  n206 "These changes caused much concern among
current  [*143]  and potential EB-5 investors, and introduced new and
significant uncertainties into the EB-5 program."  n207 If applicants could not
trust guidance issued from the INS General Counsel on the EB-5 program, then
there were no reliable sources of information on the program. The changes in law
resulting from the AAO decisions led many investors to forego their EB-5
investments and filings. In addition, USCIS took action to remove some existing
investors from the United States based on the precedent decisions.  n208 In
light of these actions, many would-be immigrant investors turned away from the
EB-5 program and have instead pursued options in more stable immigration
pathways.

3. Investor Worldwide Income Subject to United States Taxation

   United States legal permanent residents are subject to United States taxation
on their entire worldwide income: by virtue of their immigration status, they
are tax residents of the United States.  n209 Conditional residents under the
EB-5 program are also treated as "tax residents" of the United States during the
two-year conditional period, and are also taxed on their worldwide income, even
though they risk losing their "green card" status if the condition is not later
lifted.  n210 This policy may serve as a disincentive to investors who have
substantial holdings outside the United States, especially when combined with
the uncertainty regarding ultimate approval of the conditions on the green card.


4. Availability of Alternative Nonimmigrant Classifications

   Potential immigrants may have other routes to achieve LPR status that are
less expensive and more certain than the EB-5 route. If an immigrant wishes to
enter the United States by means of an investment, he or she may choose an
alternative nonimmigrant classification, such as the E or L nonimmigrant
classifications,  n211 and transition to LPR status from those classifications.

   In particular, if the investor has an existing business overseas, the
investor may be able to structure the new U.S. investment as  [*144]  a related
entity to the overseas company. Doing so could, with the right facts, make it
possible for the investor to come to the United States on an L-1A Intracompany
Transferee visa.  n212 This visa segues into a "green card" application in the
advantageous employment-based first preference, which eliminates the labor
certification requirement. This would be faster, cheaper, and more certain that
the EB-5 investment category.

E. United States Citizenship and Immigration Services' "Solutions" to Problems
with the EB-5 Program

   The USCIS Ombudsman  n213 recently identified a number of problems with the
EB-5 program and made eight recommendations to improve the program.  n214 The
Ombudsman's recommendations were:

     (1) Finalize regulations to implement the special 2002 EB-5
     legislation which offers a certain subgroup of EB-5 investors a
     pathway to cure deficiencies in their previously submitted petitions.
     (2) Issue Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) for Form I-526
     (Immigrant Petition by Alien Entrepreneur) and Form I-829 (Petition by
     Entrepreneur to Remove Conditions) that specifically direct EB-5
     adjudicators to not reconsider or re-adjudicate the indirect job
     creation methodology in Regional Center cases, absent clear error or
     evidence of fraud.
     (3) Designate more EB-5 Administrative Appeals Office . . . decisions
     as precedent/adopted decisions to provide stakeholders, investors, and
     adjudicators a better understanding of the application of existing
     USCIS regulations to given factual circumstances.
     (4) Engage in formal rulemaking to further develop rules that will
     promote stakeholder and investor confidence as well as predictability
     in adjudicatory processes.
     (5) Form an inter-governmental advisory group to consult on domestic
     business, economic, and labor considerations relevant to EB-5
     adjudications.

      [*145]  (6) Offer a Special Handling Package option to EB-5 investors
     for faster adjudication of Forms I-526, I-829, and related
     applications for a higher fee.
     (7) "Prioritize" the review and processing of all Regional Center EB-5
     related petitions and applications to foster the immediate creation
     and preservation of jobs.
     (8) Establish a program to promote the EB-5 program overseas in
     coordination with the U.S. Departments of State and Commerce.  n215

   USCIS, for the most part, gave these recommendations short shrift. For
example, in response to the Ombudsman's recommendation that more EB-5-related
AAO decisions be designated as precedent/adopted decisions, thus providing all
parties with "a better understanding of the application of existing USCIS
regulations to given factual circumstances," USCIS stated that it would prefer
"to issue new policies through formal rulemaking or policy guidance" than
through AAO decisions.  n216 At the same time, in response to the Ombudsman's
recommendation to "[e]ngage in formal rulemaking to . . . promote stakeholder
and investor confidence as well as" improve adjudicatory predictability, USCIS
stated that it lacked the resources to conduct the rulemaking process because it
was busy issuing other rules with a higher priority.  n217 Thus, USCIS has
declared that it is unwilling to designate more AAO decisions as
precedent/adopted decisions, but it is simultaneously unable to issue formal
rules to clarify the EB-5 process. This means that users of the EB-5 program
will remain in a realm of uncertainty with no clear path out for the foreseeable
future.

   While USCIS has recently improved its processing times for EB-5 cases, the
waits continue to be longer than is consistent with business realities.  n218
USCIS has acknowledged that processing times need to be improved, but that it
"intends to meet the targeted cycle times before it pursues adding EB-5
applications to Premium Processing Service."  n219 Moreover, USCIS then opined
that it could not meet the statutory deadlines of the  [*146]  Premium
Processing Service, so it would offer no such service.  n220

   CONCLUSION

   Recent hearings before Congress evoked strong support for the EB-5 program,
particularly the Regional Centers. There were many characterizations of the
program as a "win-win situation," promoting economic development with no cost to
the taxpayers, with the instability of the Regional Center program repeatedly
highlighted as the leading problem.  n221 However, while making the program
permanent will help address one disincentive to using the EB-5 visa, that
solution alone will not create a vibrant stream of in-bound investment into the
United States.

   The United States' tight focus on preventing abuse of the EB-5 program has
kept that program from expanding. Over-control, a narrow definition of capital,
and an overly rigid insistence on detailed documentation of the source of funds,
even in the absence of any indicators of fraud, have slowed the expansion of the
program. Beyond the almost paranoid focus on the source of funds for the
investment, the United States must also question the viability of requiring an
investment of $ 500,000-$ 1,000,000, plus investments of time, talent, and
energy, while providing limited regulatory guidance and almost no precedential
case law on the standards for granting of such visas.

   Increasing the number of investments to the United States, even if an
occasional investment did not generate the full ten jobs within two years, would
be a greater benefit to the United States, with a larger increase in economic
development, than the current level of over-control. It is apparent, however,
that USCIS lacks the motivation to fix the problems associated with the EB-5
program, even when encouraged to do so by Congress. This is a disappointing
situation, as it is at this time, more than ever, that the United States could
benefit from more people seeking to invest large amounts of money into new and
distressed  [*147]  businesses.

   The E-2 Treaty Investor program creates some investment in the United States,
but does not take the place of a functional and vibrant EB-5 investor visa. The
E-2 visas do lead to investment in the United States, but usually on a smaller
scale, because the E-2 category has neither a prescribed minimum capital
investment nor any job creation requirement (apart from the "marginality" test).
The E-2 program allows foreign investors to "test the waters" for a United
States investment, but fails to provide any realistic ability for these
successful investors to convert their E-2 investment into a long-term investment
with legal permanent resident status. While USCIS reasons that it wants "new"
capital invested to justify a "green card," both new capital and reinvested
capital lead to the creation of new jobs. Successful small businesses should be
encouraged to expand by providing the lure of a "green card" when an acceptable
level of investment, reinvestment, or turnover is achieved. USCIS would be well
served to stop looking at every EB-5 investment as a potential fraud case and to
start viewing these investments of foreign capital as opportunities for growth
and expansion of the United States economy.  n222

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Copyright LawOwnership InterestsGeneral OverviewImmigration
LawImmigrantsEmployment Based PreferencesInvestors & EntrepreneursInternational
Trade LawTrade AgreementsIntellectual Property Provisions

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See Richard D. Steel, STEEL ON IMMIGRATION LAW 287 (1985).




n2  See Pub. L. No. 101-649, 104 Stat. 4978.




n3  See Immigration & Nationality Act (INA) § 203(b)(5)(A)(ii)-(B)(i), 8 U.S.C.
§ 1153(b)(5)(A)(ii)-(B)(i) (2006).




n4  Immigration Act of 1990, sec. 121, § 203(b)(5), 104 Stat, at 4989-90
(codified as amended at INA § 203(b)(5), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)).




n5  Id. sec. 121, § 203(b)(5)(A), 104 Stat, at 4989.




n6  The U.S. immigration system distinguishes between two basic categories of
visas: nonimmigrant or temporary visas, and immigrant or permanent visas. A
nonimmigrant visa allows an individual to come to the United States for a
defined purpose for a defined period of time, which can range from a few days to
years. U.S. Department of State, Temporary Visitors to the U.S.,
http://travel.state.gov/visa/temp/temp_1305.html (last visited Jan. 8, 2010). An
immigrant visa allows an individual to live and work in the United States
permanently and to eventually apply for citizenship if additional qualifications
are met. U.S. Department of State, What is a Visa?,
http://travel.state.gov/visa/questions/questions_4429.html (last visited Jan. 8,
2010). Immigrant visas are often referred to as "green cards" from the color of
the card issued to legal permanent residents in the 1950s, although the cards
have been other colors since that time.




n7  Pub. L. No. 82-414, § 203(a)(1), 66 Stat. 163, 178.




n8  9 U.S. Dep't of State, Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM) § 41.51 n.14.3-2 (2009),
available at http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/87220.pdf.




n9  Visas: Documentation of Nonimmigrants Under the Immigration and Nationality
Act, 62 Fed. Reg. 48,149, 48,154-55 (Sept. 12, 1997) (to be codified at 22
C.F.R. pt. 41).




n10  USCIS is an acronym for the United States Citizenship and Immigration
Services.




n11  INA § 101(a)(15)(E)(ii), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(E)(ii) (2006).




n12  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(20)(i)(A) (2009).




n13  See, e.g., § 214.2(e)(5).




n14  INS, part of the Department of Justice, was in charge of immigration and
citizenship services as well as enforcement, until March 1, 2003, when these
functions were transferred to the newly-created DHS. Press Release, U.S. Dep't
of Homeland Sec, Department of Homeland Security Facts for March 1, 2003 (Mar.
2, 2003), http://www.dhs.gov/xnews/releases/press_release_0100.shtm. Within the
DHS, the INS's responsibility for processing applications for immigration
benefits and naturalization applications was assumed by the new USCIS and
enforcement functions were transferred to the Bureau of Immigration & Customs
Enforcement and the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection. Id. The Department
of State has continued to manage consular functions and the overseas visa
process. See U.S. Department of State, About Us,
http://www.travel.state.gov/about/about_304.html (last visited Jan. 8, 2010).




n15  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(l)-(7).




n16  See INA § 203(b)(5), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5).




n17  See INA § 101(a)(15)(E), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(E).




n18  INA § 101(a)(15)(H)(i), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(H)(i).




n19  INA § 101(a)(15)(L), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(L).




n20  See INA § 101(a)(15)(E), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(E). But see INA §
203(b)(5)(C)(i), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(C)(c) (requiring a minimum capital
investment of $ 1 million).




n21  U.S. Department of State, Treaty Traders and Trade Investors,
http://travel.state.gov/visa/temp/types/types_1273.html (last visited Jan. 8,
2010).




n22  See U.S. CITIZENSHIP & IMMIGRATION SERVS., DEP'T OF HOMELAND SEC, I-765,
APPLICATION FOR EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION (2009), available at
http://www.uscis.gov/files/form/I-765.pdf.




n23  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(19) (2009); Leslie K. L. Thiele, Investment and Trade:
E Visas, in BUSINESS IMMIGRATION LAW: STRATEGIES FOR EMPLOYING FOREIGN NATIONALS
6-41 (Rodney A. Malpert & Amanda Peterson eds., 2000).




n24  § 214.2(e)(19).




n25  § 214.2(e) (providing the operative regulations for the USCIS); 22 C.F.R. §
41.51 (2009) (providing the parallel regulations for the DOS).




n26  See U.S. Citizenship & Immigration Services, About Us,
http://www.uscis.gov/aboutus (last visited Jan. 8, 2010).




n27  For many years there were no detailed operative regulations in place for
the issuance of E visas by the legacy INS and the DOS. Applicants looked to
questionable DOS and INS regulations, the statute, and consular practice.
Proposed comprehensive DOS and INS regulations were published in 1991 and
languished while the INS and the DOS tried to resolve various contested issues.
Six years later, the DOS and the INS published their final regulations in the
Federal Register, effective as of November 12, 1997. Nonimmigrant Clauses;
Treaty Aliens; E Classifications, 62 Fed. Reg. 48,138 (Sept. 12, 1997) (to be
codified at 8 C.F.R. pt. 214).




n28  See generally 9 FAM § 41.51 (2008), available at
http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/87220.pdf. Before the DOS published
its new regulations, substantial guidance on preparing E applications was found
in the DOS FAM. Although most sections of the relevant FAM provisions predate
the regulations, the FAM continues to offer helpful guidance on E application
issues to both applicants and consular officers.




n29  Id. § 41.51 n.3(2008).




n30  See U.S. Signs Bilateral Investment Treaties With Two More Countries,
Bringing Treaty Total to 40, 74 INTERPRETER RELEASES 1217, 1218-19 (1997).




n31  Id. at 1218.




n32  Id.




n33  Id.




n34  Id. at 1218-19.




n35  Id. at 1218.




n36  See North American Free Trade Implementation Act, Pub. L. No. 103-182, §
341, 107 Stat. 2057, 2116 (1993) (signed by President Clinton on Dec. 8, 1993;
applied INA § 101(a)(15)(E) to Canadian and Mexican citizens, effective Jan. 1,
1994).




n37  Entry Rights Agreement, U.S.-Phil., Sept. 6, 1955, 6 U.S.T. 3030.




n38  INA § 101(a)(15)(E), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(E) (2006).




n39  22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(5) (2009) (emphasis added).




n40  See U.S. Department of State, Treaty Countries,
http://www.travel.state.gov/visa/frvi/reciprocity/reciprocity_3726.html (last
visited Jan. 8, 2010) (providing a list of qualifying treaties in force and
whether they provide for treaty trader status (E-l), treaty investor status
(E-2), or both (E-l/E-2)).




n41  INA § 101(a)(15)(E), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(E).




n42  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(7) (2009).




n43  INA § 101(a)(15)(E), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(E).




n44  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(7).




n45  22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(6) (2009); 9 FAM § 41.51 n.2 (2001), available at
http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/87220.pdf.




n46  9 FAM § 41.51 n.3.3 (2001).




n47  See id.; see also In re Damioli, 17 I. & N. Dec. 303, 303-04 (B.I.A. 1980).




n48  9 FAM § 41.51 n.3.2 (2002).




n49  Id. at n.3.1 (2009).




n50  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(3)(i)-(ii) (2009); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(2)(ii) (2009);
see infra, note 54 (ownership by U.S. legal permanent residents with the
qualifying nationality are not counted towards the requisite treaty ownership).




n51  9 FAM § 41.51 n.3.2 (2001).




n52  Id.; Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens; E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg.
48,138, 48,140 (Sept. 12, 1997) (to be codified at 8 C.F.R. pt. 214).




n53  Visas: Documentation of Nonimmigrants Under the Immigration and Nationality
Act, as Amended; Business and Media Visas; Treaty Trader and Treaty Investors,
62 Fed. Reg. 48,149, 48,150 (Sept. 12, 1997) (to be codified at 22 C.F.R. pt.
41). Possibly in self-defense, the DOS regulations request that this not
degenerate into an "onerous paper production exercise." Id.




n54  See 9 FAM § 41.51 n.3.3 (2001); see also State Dept. Discusses E Visa
Status, 71 INTERPRETER RELEASES 1361, 1361 (1994).




n55  INA § 101(a)(15), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15) (2009).




n56  See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(3)(ii) (2009) ("The principal [treaty trader or
treaty investor] employer must be: . . . [a]n . . . organization at least 50
percent owned by persons in the United States having the nationality of the
treaty country and maintaining nonimmigrant treaty trader or treaty investor
status" if residing in the United States or if not residing in the United States
who "would be classifiable as treaty traders or treaty investors.").




n57  § 214.2(e)(3).




n58  Id. ("The employee must have the same nationality as the principal alien
employer."). The FAM contains the same requirement. 9 FAM § 41.51 n.2 (2001).
The DOS regulations are less explicit but require that the E-l and E-2 foreign
nationals qualify under INA § 101(a)(15)(E)(i) or (ii), which requires such
nationality. Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens; E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg.
48,138, 48,146 (Sept. 12, 1997) (to be codified at 8 C.F.R. pt. 214).




n59  See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(3)(i); see also Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty
Aliens; E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg. at 48,139 ("[A]n employee cannot be
classified under section 101(a)(15)(E) of the Act if the employer is lawfully
classified under another nonimmigrant status at the time E nonimmigrant visa
classification is requested. For this reason . . . a permanent resident may not
be the employer of a treaty alien, and the treaty alien status of an employee
terminates when the E nonimmigrant visa employer becomes a permanent
resident.").




n60  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(4); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(c)(2) (2009).




n61  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(15).




n62  INA § 101(a)(15)(E)(ii), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(E)(ii) (2006).




n63  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(12); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(7).




n64  INA § 101(a)(15)(E)(ii), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(5)(E)(ii) (providing
specifically that the investor must be entering the United States "solely to
develop and direct the operations of an enterprise in which he has invested, or
of an enterprise in which he is actively in the process of investing" (emphasis
added)).




n65  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(12).




n66  Id.




n67  Nice v. Turnage, 752 F.2d 431, 432 (9th Cir. 1985) (noting that a foreign
national's application to change to E status was denied when he could not show
the source of his investment--a check for $ 25,000 drawn on a foreign bank
account signed by the foreign national's wife under a power of attorney from an
undisclosed principal).




n68  See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(12); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(7).




n69  Id.




n70  Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens; E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg. 48,138,
48,142 (Sept. 12, 1997) (to be codified at 8 C.F.R. pt. 214).




n71  Id.




n72  The comments to the proposed 1997 regulations noted that the DOS position
on risk was inconsistent with business realities, and proposed allowing business
assets to be included in "substantial capital" so long as ultimate recourse on
the loans was to the treaty investor. Id. In the Preamble to the new
regulations, the DOS rejected this proposal, saying that this language would
dilute the element of risk by permitting the business to be used as collateral.
Id. ("The purpose of the risk provision is to place the risk of the investment
exclusively on the shoulders of the investor."). The DOS clearly failed in that
mission.




n73  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(12); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(7).




n74  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(12); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(7).




n75  See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(13); Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens; E
Classification, 62 Fed. Reg. at 48,142.




n76  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(12); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(7).




n77  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(2)(i).




n78  Id.




n79  In IMMACT 1990, the Congress defined substantial as--in essence-- whatever
the Secretary of State says it is:

     (c) SUBSTANTIAL DEFINED--Section 101(a), as amended by section 123 of
     this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new
     paragraph:

          '(45) The term 'substantial' means, for purposes of
          paragraph (15)(E) with reference to trade or capital, such
          an amount of trade or capital as is established by the
          Secretary of State, after consultation with appropriate
          agencies of Government.'


Pub. L. No. 101-649, § 204(c), 104 Stat. 4978, 5019. However, the Secretary of
State has refused to set any specific figure. In promulgating the September 1997
regulations, the DOS and then-INS consulted extensively with other government
agencies, which overwhelmingly preferred continuation of a proportionality test
for a "substantial" investment, rather than a bright-line dollar figure. The DOS
even removed suggested benchmarks from the sliding scale proposed in the
regulations because it felt that these benchmarks would become fixed
requirements rather than merely guideposts. Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens;
E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg. at 48,142.




n80  Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens; E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg. at
48,142-43; 9 FAM § 41.51 n.10.2 (2009), available at
http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/87220.pdf.




n81  See 9 FAM § 41.51 n.10.3 (2001) (discussing the value of the business being
established, and concluding, "[a]s long as all the other requirements for E-2
status are met, the cost of the business per se is not independently relevant or
determinative of qualification for E-2 status").




n82  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(14) (2009); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(9)(i)(A)-(C) (2009).




n83  See In re Walsh & Pollard, 20 I. & N. Dec. 60, 64, 68 (B.I.A. 1988)
(setting forth the test and holding that a small investment in a consulting "job
shop" was substantial when (1) the amount invested was sufficient to establish a
viable business of this type; (2) the total amount of the investment had already
been made; and (3) the business was successfully operating); 9 FAM § 41.51
n.10.2(a)(1) (2001).




n84  9 FAM § 41.51 n.10.2(b)(2) (2009).




n85  Id. § 41.51 n.10.2(b)(3) (2009) (including examples of how to document the
actual cost of establishing a business to the point of being operational).




n86  Id. § 41.51 n.10.4 (2001).




n87  Id.




n88  See id.




n89  Id.




n90  Id. § 41.51 n.10.2(a)(2) (2001).




n91  Id. § 41.51 n.10.2(a)(3) (2001).




n92  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(13) (2009); see 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(8) (2009).




n93  9 FAM § 41.51 n.9(2002).




n94  Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens; E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg. 48,138,
48,142 (Sept. 12, 1997) (to be codified at 8 C.F.R. pt. 214). Charter schools,
which are often run as for-profit enterprises, may be acceptable, particularly
if evidence of job creation is present. See id.




n95  INA § 101(a)(15)(E), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(15)(E) (2006); 22 C.F.R. §
41.51(b)(7).




n96  See 22 C.F.R. §§ 41.31-41.33; see also 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(b)(l)-(2).




n97  22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(l)(i) (requiring that the investor be "investing a
substantial amount of capital in [a] bona fide enterprise in the United States,
as distinct from a relatively small amount of capital in a marginal enterprise
solely for the purpose of earning a living"); see 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(15).




n98  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(15); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(10).




n99  See Kun Young Kim v. Dist. Dir. of the U.S. INS, 586 F.2d 713, 717-18 (9th
Cir. 1978) (holding that an investment in a drive-in theater was marginal
because of the small income generated for the investor, where the investor was
relying on family support for other necessary income). This case might have been
decided differently under the 1997 regulations, which would consider the
employment of U.S. workers as part of the "economic contribution" of the
enterprise. See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(15); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(10).




n100  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(15); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(10); see 9 FAM § 41.51 n.ll
(2009), available at http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/87220.pdf.




n101  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(15); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(10).




n102  In an important decision in 1998, the INS Administrative Appeals Office
described what should be included in such a plan:

     A comprehensive business plan . . . should contain, at a minimum, a
     description of the business, its products and/or services, and its
     objectives. The plan should contain a market analysis, including the
     names of competing businesses and their relative strengths and
     weaknesses, a comparison of the competition's products and pricing
     structures, and a description of the target market/prospective
     customers of the new commercial enterprise. The plan should list the
     required permits and licenses obtained. If applicable, it should
     describe the manufacturing or production process, the materials
     required, and the supply sources. The plan should detail any contracts
     executed for the supply of materials and/or the distribution of
     products. It should discuss the marketing strategy of the business,
     including pricing, advertising, and servicing. The plan should set
     forth the business's organizational structure and its personnel's
     experience. It should explain the business's staffing requirements and
     contain a timetable for hiring, as well as job descriptions for all
     positions. It should contain sales, cost and income projections and
     detail the bases therefor. Most importantly, the business plan must be
     credible.

In re Ho, 22 I. & N. Dec. 206, 213 (B.I.A. 1998) (footnote omitted).




n103  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(16); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(ll).




n104  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(16); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(ll).




n105  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(16); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(ll).




n106  In re Lee, 15 I. & N. Dec. 187, 189 (B.I.A. 1975).




n107  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(16); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(b)(ll).




n108  9 FAM § 41.51 nn.12-12.2 (2001), available at
http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/87220.pdf.




n109  Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens; E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg.
48,138, 48,140 (Sept. 12, 1997) (to be codified at 8 C.F.R. pt. 214); see 8
C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(17).




n110  Nonimmigrant Classes; Treaty Aliens; E Classification, 62 Fed. Reg. at
48,140.




n111  Id. at 48,144 (to be codified at 8 C.F.R. pt. 214).




n112  See 9 FAM § 41.51 n.4.3 (1993).




n113  See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(2)(i)-(m).




n114  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(2)(n).




n115  See Lauvik v. INS, 910 F.2d 658, 661-62 (9th Cir. 1990) (allowing a
trailer park owner to perform related maintenance work). A number of cases
confronted a similar issue under a previous INA provision for immigrant
investors. See In re Ruangswang, 16 I. & N. Dec. 76, 80 (B.I.A. 1976) (holding
that a foreign national who worked full time in a dry cleaning business was not
an investor where her labor was not incidental to the management of her business
because "it consume [d] most of her time" and was her "primary function"); In re
Ko, 14 I. & N. Dec. 349, 350-51 (B.I.A. 1973) (allowing a shoe store owner who
managed and directed the enterprise to also work as cashier in his own shoe
store).




n116  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(20)(m).




n117  The only exception to this general rule that E status may last
indefinitely relates to personnel being transferred to a new business to assist
in the start-up of an enterprise. These individuals may be limited to a two-year
term of stay because the need for their services may conclude as the company
grows. § 214.2(e)(20)(ii).




n118  See § 214.2(e)(5) (now referred to as immigrant intent).




n119  Id.




n120  See § 214.2(e)(8).




n121  § 214.2(e)(5).




n122  9 FAM § 41.51 n.15 (2002), available at
http://www.state.gov/documents/organization/87220.pdf.




n123  See id.




n124  8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(1)(ii); 22 C.F.R. § 41.51(a)(1)(ii) (2009).




n125  Lauvik v. INS, 910 F.2d 658, 661 (9th Cir. 1990).




n126  See Act of Jan. 16, 2002, Pub. L. No. 107-124, 115 Stat. 2402, 2402; see
also Memorandum from William R. Yates, Deputy Executive Assoc. Comm'r,
Immigration Serv. Div., USCIS Office of Field Operations on Guidance on
Employment Authorization for E and L Nonimmigrant Spouses, and for
Determinations on the Requisite Employment Abroad for L Blanket Petitions to
Reg'l Dirs., Dist. Dirs., Officers-In-Charge, Serv. Ctr. Dirs. (Feb. 22, 2002),
http://www.uscis.gov/files/pressrelease/E_LEmpAuthPub.pdf. Prior to this
amendment, spouses and dependents could work but would have to obtain an
independent visa status to do so.




n127  INA § 214(e)(6), 8 U.S.C. § 1184(e)(6) (2006) (providing that E visa
spouses are authorized to work and directing the Attorney General to provide
such spouses with either an "employment authorized" endorsement or other
appropriate work permit). USCIS has never issued implementing regulations to
clarify this provision, but in policy memoranda has stated that an E visa spouse
must be issued an employment authorization card in order to work in the United
States. See Memorandum from William R. Yates, supra note 126. USCIS reserved 8
C.F.R. § 274a.12(a)(17) for issuance of Employment Authorization Document (EAD)
cards to E visa spouses, but has never updated its regulations to implement this
requirement. To add confusion to the matter, the Social Security Administration
has taken the position that an EAD card is not required of an E visa spouse
prior to issuance of a Social Security number. Rather, submission of evidence of
the marriage to the principal E-2 alien is sufficient for Social Security
purposes. See Social Security Administration, Employment Authorization for
Nonimmigrants,
https://secure.ssa.gov/apps10/poms.nsf/lnx/0100203500!opendocument (last visited
Jan. 8, 2010).




n128  See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(21)(ii).




n129  § 214.2(f)(6)(i)(H) (deeming on-campus employment "part of the academic
program of a student otherwise taking a full course of study").




n130  § 214.2(f)(9)(ii)(c).




n131  § 214.2(f)(10)(i)-(n).




n132  Government filing fees alone in 2009 were $ 2,320 for companies with more
than twenty-five employees--apart from any other legal fees or related fees for
credentials evaluations. See U.S. CITIZENSHIP & IMMIGRATION SERVS., U.S. DEP'T
OF HOMELAND SEC, INSTRUCTIONS FOR FORM I-129, PETITION FOR A NONIMMIGRANT WORKER
4 (2009), http://www.uscis.gov/files/form/i-129instr.pdf; U.S. CITIZENSHIP &
IMMIGRATION SERVS., U.S. DEP'T OF HOMELAND SEC, G-1055, FEE SCHEDULE (2007),
http://www.uscis.gov/files/nativedocuments/G-1055.pdf.




n133  See 8 C.F.R. § 248.1; see also U.S. Citizenship & Immigration Services,
Green Card Eligibility,
http://www.uscis.gov/portal/site/uscis/menuitem.ebld4c2a3e5b9ac89243c6a7543f6d1a
/?vgnextoid=80f63a4107083210VgnVCM100000082ca60aRCRD&vgnextchannel=80f63a4107083
210VgnVCM100000082ca60aRCRD (last visited Jan. 8, 2010) [hereinafter Green Card
Eligibility].




n134  See Green Card Eligibility, supra note 133.




n135  8 C.F.R. § 248.3(a).




n136  § 248.3(b).




n137  INA § 212(a)(5)(A)(i)(I), 8 U.S.C. § 1182(a)(5)(A)(i)(I) (2006).




n138  INA § 203(b)(1), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(1).




n139  INA § 203(b)(2)(B)(c), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(2)(B)(i).




n140  INA § 203(b)(5)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A).




n141  INA § 101(a)(20), 8 U.S.C. § 1101(a)(20).




n142  INA § 203(b)(5)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A).




n143  IMMIGRATION & NATURALIZATION SERV., REPORT TO CONGRESS ON EB-5 INVESTOR
VISA PROGRAM (1999), available at
http://www.immigrationlinks.com/news/news028.htm.




n144  Id.




n145  Id.




n146  Nonimmigrant Business Visas and Adjustment of Status: Hearing Before the
Subcomm. on Immigration & Refugee Policy of the S. Comm. on the Judiciary, 97th
Cong. 107 (1981) (statement of Richard Goldstein, Esq., President, N.Y. Chapter,
American Immigration Lawyers Association).




n147  Pub. L. No. 101-649, § 121, 104 Stat. 4978, 4989.




n148  The total number of immigrant investor visas available in a year is
limited to 7.1% of the worldwide allotment of immigrant visas. INA §
203(b)(5)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A) (2006). INA § 201(d) sets this figure as
at least 140,000, with the possibility for additional visa numbers in the
unlikely event that there are unused employment or family visas. 7.1% of 140,000
is 9,940, so each year there are at least 9,940 EB-5 visa numbers available.
While we will use the 10,000 figure to ease discussion, bear in mind that the
actual annual allotment may be slightly smaller.




n149  INA § 203(b)(5)(A), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A).




n150  INA § 203(b)(5)(B)(i), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(B)(1).




n151  INA § 203(b)(5)(A)(ii), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A)(ii).




n152  INA § 203(b)(5)(B)(m), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(B)(iii) (defining rural area
as "any area other than an area within a metropolitan statistical area or within
the outer boundary of any city or town having a population of 20,000 or more
(based on the most recent decennial census of the United States)").




n153  INA § 203(b)(5)(B)(ii), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(B)(h) (defining targeted
employment area as "at the time of the investment, a rural area or an area which
has experienced high unemployment (of at least 150 percent of the national
average rate)").




n154  INA § 203(b)(5)(C)(i), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(C)(i).




n155  135 CONG. REC. S7858-02, S7874 (1989).




n156  See Act of Oct. 6, 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-395, § 610, 106 Stat. 1828, 1874.




n157  See Press Release, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Servs., USCIS
Announces September 17, 2004, Public Meeting to Address Regional Centers and the
Immigrant Investor Pilot Program (Aug. 12, 2004),
http://www.uscis.gov/files/pressrelease/08_12_04.pdf.




n158  See Invest in the USA & Am. Immigration Lawyers Ass'n, EB-5 Questions for
USCIS Stakeholders Conference Call (June 24, 2009),
http://www.eb5center.com/files/uscis_stakeholders_Q_and_As_June_24_2009.pdf.




n159  U.S. Citizenship & Immigration Services, Immigrant Investor Regional
Centers, http://www.uscis.gov/portal/site/uscis/menuitem.5af9
bb95919f35e66f614176543f6d1a/?vgnextoid=d765ee0f4c014210VgnVCM100000082ca60aRCRD
&vgnextchannel=facb83453d4a3210VgnVCM100000b92ca60aRCRD (last visited Jan. 8,
2010).




n160  Id.




n161  Press Release, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Servs., supra note 157
("The requirement of creating at least 10 new full-time jobs may be satisfied by
showing that, as a result of the investment and the activities of the new
enterprise, at least 10 jobs will be created indirectly through an employment
creation multiplier effect. To show that 10 or more jobs are actually created
indirectly by the business, reasonable methodologies may be used, such as
multiplier tables, feasibility studies, analyses of foreign and domestic markets
for the goods or services to be exported, and other economically or
statistically valid forecasting tools which support the likelihood that the
business will result in increased employment.").




n162  Id.




n163  See Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance, and Continuing
Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub. L. No. 110-329, § 106, 122 Stat. 3574, 3575
(2008).




n164  See Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-8, 123 Stat. 524.




n165  See 8 C.F.R. § 216.6 (2009).




n166  INA § 203(b)(5)(A)-(C), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A)-(C) (2006).




n167  INA § 203(b)(5)(A)(i), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A)(i).




n168  8 C.F.R. § 204.60(2).




n169  Id.




n170  Id.




n171  Memorandum from William R. Yates, Acting Assoc. Dir. for Operations, BCIS
on Amendments Affecting Adjudication of Petitions for Alien Entrepreneur (EB-5)
to Serv. Ctr. for Dirs., BCIS Officer Dirs., and Dir., Nat'l Benefits Ctr. (June
10, 2003), http://www.uscis.gov/files/pressrelease/EB5_061003.pdf.




n172  8 C.F.R. § 204.6(h)(2)-(3).




n173  § 204.6(e) (defining "commercial enterprise").




n174  Id.




n175  Id.




n176  See id.




n177  Id. (defining "capital").




n178  In re Soffici, 22 I. & N. Dec. 158, 168 (B.I.A. 1998).




n179  8 C.F.R. § 204.6(e).




n180  Stephen Yale-Loehr, EB-5 Immigrant Investors 6 (2003),
http://www.usa-immigration.com/litigation/2003%20EB-5%20update.doc.




n181  Id.




n182  Letter from Efren Hernandez, Chief, Business and Trade Branch, USCIS to
Stephen Yale-Loehr, (June 4, 2004),
http://www.usa-immigration.com/litigation/Letter%20on%20Retained%20Earnings.pdf;
see Kenkhuis v. INS, No. 3:01-CV-2224-N, 2003 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 3334, at *6-*7
(N.D. Tex. Mar. 6, 2003) ("The definition of 'invest' . . . requires an infusion
of new capital, not merely a retention of profits of the enterprise.").




n183  Letter from Efren Hernandez to Stephen Yale-Loehr, supra note 182 ("[T]he
full amount of capital must be placed at risk from the commencement of the
investment, which would not be the case with making up the difference for the
use of retained earnings . . . . Regardless of the nature of the business,
corporation, sole-proprietorship, etc., a reinvestment of retained earnings is
simply not an infusion of new capital into a business.").




n184  8 C.F.R. § 204.6(e).




n185  See § 204.6(j)(3).




n186  Yale-Loehr, supra note 180, at 19.




n187  See IMMIGRATION & NATURALIZATION SERV., supra note 143.




n188  INA § 203(b)(5)(A)(ii), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A)(ii) (2006).




n189  8 C.F.R. § 204.6(e) (defining "qualifying employee").




n190  INA § 203(b)(5)(A)(ii), 8 U.S.C. § 1153(b)(5)(A)(ii) (requiring that jobs
must be created for U.S. citizens, LPRs, "or other immigrants lawfully
authorized to be employed in the United States").




n191  8 C.F.R. § 204.6(e) (defining "full-time employment").




n192  Id.




n193  § 204.6(m)(7).




n194  Memorandum from Donald Neufeld, Acting Assoc. Dir., Domestic Operations,
Office of Domestic Operations, USCIS on EB-5 Alien Entrepreneurs - Job Creation
and Full-Time Positions to Service Ctr. Dirs., Regional Dirs., Dist. Dirs.,
Field Office Dirs., and Nat'l Benefit Ctr. Dir. (June 17, 2009),
http://www.uscis.gov/files/nativedocuments/eb5_17jun09.pdf.




n195  Id.




n196  Id.




n197  Id.




n198  U.S. CITIZENSHIP & IMMIGRATION SERVS., U.S. DEP'T OF HOMELAND SEC,
EMPLOYMENT CREATION IMMIGRANT VISA (EB-5) PROGRAM RECOMMENDATIONS 1 (2009),
http://www.dhs.gov/xlibrary/assets/CIS_Ombudsman_EB-5_Recommendation_3_18_09.pdf
. "Between 1992 and 2004, 6,024 EB-5s were issued, which averaged approximately
500 per year. 'The bill's supporters predicted that about 4,000 millionaire
investors, along with family members, would sign up, bringing in $ 4 billion in
new investments and creating 40,000 jobs [annually].'" Id. at 1 n.3 (citations
omitted).




n199  See IMMIGRATION & NATURALIZATION SERV., supra note 143.




n200  U.S. GOV'T ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, IMMIGRANT INVESTORS: SMALL NUMBER OF
PARTICIPANTS ATTRIBUTED TO PENDING REGULATIONS AND OTHER FACTORS 3 (2005),
http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d05256.pdf.




n201  CHAD C. HADDAL, CONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERV., FOREIGN INVESTOR VISAS:
POLICIES AND ISSUES 7 (2009),
http://assets.opencrs.com/rpts/RL33844_20090224.pdf (citing U.S. GOV'T
ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE, supra note 200, at 8-11.)




n202  U.S. CITIZENSHIP & IMMIGRATION SERVS., supra note 198, at 10 n.33 ("The
IRCU reviews and approves the submissions of applicants seeking Regional Center
designation. Applicants are required to provide a 'detailed prediction regarding
the manner in which the [R]egional [C]enter will have a positive impact on the
regional and national economy . . . . ' 8 C.F.R § 204.6(m)(3)(iv) (2008). The
proposal must be supported by 'economically or statistically valid forecasting
tools, including, but not limited to, feasibility studies . . . and/or
multiplier tables.' 8 C.F.R. § 204.6(m)(3)(v) (2008). 'To show that 10 or more
jobs are actually created indirectly by the business, reasonable methodologies
may be used. Such methodologies may include . . . economically or statistically
valid forecasting devices which indicate the likelihood that the business will
result in increased employment.' 8 C.F.R. § 204.6(m)(7)(ii) (2008).").




n203  Id. at 11.




n204  See 8 C.F.R. § 216.6 (2009).




n205  U.S. CITIZENSHIP & IMMIGRATION SERVS., supra note 198, at 7.




n206  Id. at 8. "The AAO is the appellate body within USCIS with primary
authority to review most service center decisions." Id. at 8 n.25. "Precedent
decisions are those decisions specially designated to provide controlling legal
principles and interpretations which are 'binding on all Service employees in
the administration of the Act.'" Id. at 8 n.26 (citing In re Ho, 22 I.&N. Dec.
206 (1998); In re Hsiung, 22 I. & N. Dec. 201 (1998); In re Izummi, 22 I. & N.
Dec. 169 (1998); In re Soffici, 22 I. & N. Dec. 158 (1998); 8 C.F.R. § 103.3(c)
(2008)).




n207  Id. at 8.




n208  Id. at 9.




n209  See INTERNAL REVENUE SERV., BASIC TAX FOR GREEN CARD HOLDERS:
UNDERSTANDING YOUR U.S. TAX OBLIGATIONS (2006),
http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p4588.pdf.




n210  Id.




n211  See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(e)(1), (l) (2009).




n212  See 8 C.F.R. § 214.2(l).




n213  The Citizenship and Immigration Services Ombudsman "is an independent
office that reports directly to the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security,
[which] . . . [a]ssists individuals and employers in resolving problems with
USCIS; [i]dentifies areas in which individuals and employers have problems in
dealing with USCIS; and [p]roposes changes to mitigate identified problems."
U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Citizenship and Immigration Services
Ombudsman, http://www.dhs.gov/xabout/structure/editorial_0482.shtm (last visited
Jan. 8, 2010).




n214  See U.S. CITIZENSHIP & IMMIGRATION SERVS., supra note 198, at 2.




n215  Id.




n216  Memorandum from Michael Aytes, Acting Deputy Dir., USCIS on Response to
Recommendation 40, Employment Creation Immigrant Visa (EB-5) Program
Recommendations to Richard Flowers, Acting Citizenship and Immigration Servs.
Ombudsman 3 (June 12, 2009),
http://www.dhs.gov/xlibrary/assets/uscis_response_cisomb_rec_40.pdf.




n217  See id.




n218  See Senate Judiciary Committee Holds Hearing on EB-5 Regional Center
Program, 86 INTERPRETER RELEASES 1982, 1983 (2009).




n219  Memorandum from Michael Aytes, supra note 216, at 3-4.




n220  See id.




n221  See Senate Judiciary Committee Holds Hearing on EB-5 Regional Center
Program, supra note 218, at 1983. Statements that the program would not
financially burden taxpayers are not entirely accurate: states such as Vermont
and Alabama, which have designated their entire states as Regional Centers, have
incurred overhead costs in establishing the Regional Centers and funding their
operations. See Alabama Center for Foreign Investment, About Us,
http://www.acfi-alabama.com/about.html (last visited Jan. 8, 2010); Vermont
Department of Economic Development, VT EB-5 Regional Center,
http://economicdevelopment.vermont.gov/Programs/EB5/tabid/389/Default.aspx (last
visited Jan. 8, 2010).




n222  The United States would do well to look closely at the successful model
for investor visas used by Canada. That country's openness and flexibility to
inward investment after the hand-over of Hong Kong to Chinese administration has
resulted in a large, vibrant, and financially successful immigrant community in
Vancouver, B.C. and other cities.


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                                January 22, 2017

Urban-rural gap in North Carolina isn't new

LENGTH: 722  words


RALEIGH

One of the best gifts I received this Christmas was a history book entitled "The
Country Church in North Carolina." (Yes, I'm just that nerdy.) The author, a
Duke University specialist in rural sociology, began with a brief overview of
the state. Observing that the growth rate of North Carolina's largest cities was
far outstripping the rest of the state, Professor Jesse Marvin Ormond wrote that
"rural institutions are not keeping up with the march of social progress" and
that "the result is that a social chasm between the ruralite and urbanite is
evident."

Ormond wrote this in 1931. But with a few tweaks of language and examples, his
argument could have been published last week. For decades, North Carolinians
have fretted about the growing divide between urban and rural areas. For
decades, their political leaders have promised to close it, usually without a
large effect on relative growth rates or differences in cultural norms.

That's not to say North Carolinians who live in places other than the largest
cities have had to endure decades of grinding poverty, cultural backwardness and
deep despair. That's the kind of caricature drawn by passing tourists and
parachuting journalists who only see what fits their preconceived notions. Most
North Carolinians still live in places other than the largest cities. Most of
them like where they live, and the lives that they live there.

Of course there are places where the demise of traditional industries and other
economic factors have constrained opportunities for employment and pushed
residents to relocate to faster-growing areas. But there's nothing novel about
this. Historically, economies thrive not on stasis but on dynamic change, even
wrenching change.

North Carolinians responding to that change by leaving their traditional
communities aren't exactly flooding into uptown lofts and urban villages, in
case you haven't noticed. Most relocate to suburbs outside of downtowns, or to
the counties that ring the urban centers.

In politics, those who think statewide elections are won in Charlotte and
Raleigh are colloquially known as "losers." Mecklenburg and Wake counties
together make up about one-fifth of the North Carolina electorate. That's a lot
of voters. But if you want to win, you better figure out how to talk to the
other 80 percent. And not all voters who live in Mecklenburg and Wake live in
Charlotte and Raleigh, or consider themselves to be urban voters.

In recent statewide contests, Democratic candidates have dominated the vote in
North Carolina's big cities. And they have usually lost. In the 2016 cycle, for
example, Hillary Clinton attracted 60 percent of urban voters. But nearly
two-thirds of North Carolinians who voted in 2016 lived in suburbs small cities,
or rural communities. Most opted for Donald Trump.

Roy Cooper was the outlier, and his narrow victory actually makes the point.
While he did a little better than Clinton in the cities and better still in
suburbs, he outpolled her among rural North Carolinians by a solid five
percentage points, at 44 percent. Smart Democrats know that they can neither win
back a majority of statewide elective offices nor regain control of the General
Assembly -- regardless of how district lines are drawn, or by whom -- unless
they can rebuild their relationships with suburban and rural voters.

Does that mean coming up with practical, affordable ways to boost the economic
competitiveness of small towns while addressing the rapid suburbanization of
formerly rural counties such as Union, Iredell, Johnston, Harnett, Alamance, and
Davidson? Yes. But as I observed, the fates of these communities are only
partially determined by local and state policies. Politicians shouldn't
overpromise, even when they propose useful ideas such as improving education,
upgrading infrastructure, and lightening the regulatory burden on business
investment.

What the task would require, more than anything else, is more face time and less
condescension. If you exit the interstate looking for deplorables who cling
bitterly to their guns and religion, you will find voters who enjoy their
freedoms, cherish their relationships with God and return your contempt measure
for measure.

John Hood is chairman of the John Locke Foundation and appears on the talk show
"NC SPIN." You can follow him @JohnHoodNC.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Harborough Mail

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Broadband areas left out in the cold

BYLINE: Alex Blackwell

LENGTH: 629  words


Thousands of homes in the district excluded from access to superfast broadband
are campaigning to get their parishes hooked up.

Last week, Leicestershire County Council announced the first 10,000 premises to
get superfast fibre broadband as part of its £18.6million Superfast
Leicestershire project being delivered by BT.

But an estimated 3,800 properties in south-east Leicestershire are being left
out of County Hall's plans because the local authority says  it is too expensive
to reach these rural areas. These omitted parishes have joined forces to create
the Welland Valley Broadband Group.

Villagers say they are experiencing agonisingly slow internet speeds which takes
a particularly hard toll on small businesses and children trying to complete
homework.

Average download speeds are about 3Mbps, but for many residents they are as low
as 0.5Mbps and speeds vary markedly according to the time of the day and even
the weather.

The Welland Valley group's aim is to establish as large a group of people as
possible to lobby the powers-that-be for action. In particular, it wants
Leicestershire County Council to recognise that the effectively monopoly status
enjoyed by BT will not deliver a superfast service to their area.

Northamptonshire County Council appears to have recognised this and is looking
to third parties, and many other councils across the country have recognised
where BT cannot deliver and are providing alternative solutions.

Martin Griffin, chairman of the group, said: "Trying to run a business in
Horninghold from home with current broadband speeds is impossible.
Leicestershire County Council has informed us we can expect some improvement in
2016 - a two-year delay at best is unacceptable.

"As councils now compete for business investment and increased jobs, the
situation in rural Harborough is bleak as jobs and investment will be exported
to other areas offering very high-speed broadband."

Sian To, who lives in Slawston and runs her business from home, said: "It's not
good enough that residents find through a web search that their area is not in
rollout plans or that provision is subject to extra funding.

"It is causing unnecessary stress and not at all helpful or encouraging for
those who work from home."

Pam Posnett, the Leicestershire County Council cabinet member for broadband,
said: "Due to the challenges of bringing [fibre] technology to rural areas and
limited funding, there are some communities that are outside of our  rollout
plan.

"We expect to be able to extend the fibre broadband network to Hallaton and
Medbourne as a starting point and we are working hard to secure additional
investment through the Government's Superfast Extension Programme and the
Leicestershire Enterprise Partnership to ensure we can increase coverage.

"We will be meeting the Welland Valley Broadband Group next week to discuss the
deployment and potential solutions available."

A spokesman for Harborough Council, which put £500,000 into the scheme,  said it
will be meeting with the group next week.

A Northamptonshire County Council spokesman said: "The Superfast
Northamptonshire project is helping to secure broadband solutions in those parts
of the county where there are no commercial plans; these are the areas which
would not get superfast broadband unless public sector funding is invested to
help deliver it."

Who is left off the list?

The Welland Valley Broadband Group includes Drayton, Horninghold, Blaston,
Stockerston, Slawston, Welham, Glooston, Stonton Wyville, Cranoe, Goadby, East
Norton, Welham, Tur Langton, Thorpe Langton and Shangton in Leicestershire and
Stoke Albany, Dingley, Brampton Ash, Sutton Bassett, Weston by Welland and
Ashley in Northants which have the quirk of being in Northants but having a
Harborough postcode.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHMP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Lutterworth Mail

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Broadband areas left out in the cold

BYLINE: Alex Blackwell

LENGTH: 629  words


Thousands of homes in the district excluded from access to superfast broadband
are campaigning to get their parishes hooked up.

Last week, Leicestershire County Council announced the first 10,000 premises to
get superfast fibre broadband as part of its £18.6million Superfast
Leicestershire project being delivered by BT.

But an estimated 3,800 properties in south-east Leicestershire are being left
out of County Hall's plans because the local authority says  it is too expensive
to reach these rural areas. These omitted parishes have joined forces to create
the Welland Valley Broadband Group.

Villagers say they are experiencing agonisingly slow internet speeds which takes
a particularly hard toll on small businesses and children trying to complete
homework.

Average download speeds are about 3Mbps, but for many residents they are as low
as 0.5Mbps and speeds vary markedly according to the time of the day and even
the weather.

The Welland Valley group's aim is to establish as large a group of people as
possible to lobby the powers-that-be for action. In particular, it wants
Leicestershire County Council to recognise that the effectively monopoly status
enjoyed by BT will not deliver a superfast service to their area.

Northamptonshire County Council appears to have recognised this and is looking
to third parties, and many other councils across the country have recognised
where BT cannot deliver and are providing alternative solutions.

Martin Griffin, chairman of the group, said: "Trying to run a business in
Horninghold from home with current broadband speeds is impossible.
Leicestershire County Council has informed us we can expect some improvement in
2016 - a two-year delay at best is unacceptable.

"As councils now compete for business investment and increased jobs, the
situation in rural Harborough is bleak as jobs and investment will be exported
to other areas offering very high-speed broadband."

Sian To, who lives in Slawston and runs her business from home, said: "It's not
good enough that residents find through a web search that their area is not in
rollout plans or that provision is subject to extra funding.

"It is causing unnecessary stress and not at all helpful or encouraging for
those who work from home."

Pam Posnett, the Leicestershire County Council cabinet member for broadband,
said: "Due to the challenges of bringing [fibre] technology to rural areas and
limited funding, there are some communities that are outside of our  rollout
plan.

"We expect to be able to extend the fibre broadband network to Hallaton and
Medbourne as a starting point and we are working hard to secure additional
investment through the Government's Superfast Extension Programme and the
Leicestershire Enterprise Partnership to ensure we can increase coverage.

"We will be meeting the Welland Valley Broadband Group next week to discuss the
deployment and potential solutions available."

A spokesman for Harborough Council, which put £500,000 into the scheme,  said it
will be meeting with the group next week.

A Northamptonshire County Council spokesman said: "The Superfast
Northamptonshire project is helping to secure broadband solutions in those parts
of the county where there are no commercial plans; these are the areas which
would not get superfast broadband unless public sector funding is invested to
help deliver it."

Who is left off the list?

The Welland Valley Broadband Group includes Drayton, Horninghold, Blaston,
Stockerston, Slawston, Welham, Glooston, Stonton Wyville, Cranoe, Goadby, East
Norton, Welham, Tur Langton, Thorpe Langton and Shangton in Leicestershire and
Stoke Albany, Dingley, Brampton Ash, Sutton Bassett, Weston by Welland and
Ashley in Northants which have the quirk of being in Northants but having a
Harborough postcode.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHML


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Mid Somerset Series

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Library hub set to open

SECTION: FEATURES:OTHER; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 175  words


THE new public services hub in Glastonbury will open today.

The hub, at Orchard Court, brings together the library, registration services,
Getset Children's Centre, health visitors and midwives, Mendip District
Council's Access Point, citizen's advice, Health Connections Mendip and a
children's nursery.

Sharing space for services with partners like the district councils, NHS and
Citizen's Advice means residents can access all the help they might need in one
place, and it means the library will be able to extend its opening hours too.

David Hall, cabinet member for business, investment and policy, said; "The
opening of Glastonbury Library hub is the start of an exciting new venture for
SCC and our partners who work in other public sector services.

"We believe that by combining these services it will make it easier for people
living in our rural communities and encourage them to use the services on
offer."

Short tours of the new hub will be available to the public on Thursday and
Friday. Anyone is welcome to pop in and report to the welcome desk.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                   (DealBook)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

White House to Begin $10 Billion Farm Investment Fund

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 609 words



HIGHLIGHT: The fund will be managed by Capitol Peak Asset Management and the
Agriculture Department will help find projects for it.


Wall Street is looking for ways to invest in America's heartland, and the
government is ready to play matchmaker.

The White House Rural Council will announce plans on Thursday to start a $10
billion investment fund that will give pension funds and large investors the
opportunity to invest in agricultural projects. Those include wastewater
systems, energy projects and infrastructure development in rural America.

"We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment," the
agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack, said, referring to the online dating
service.

"We're going to be a connector," he added. "This is a new role for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture."

The fund, called the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, will be backed by
CoBank, a cooperative bank and a member of the Farm Credit System, a
government-sponsored network of banks that lend to the agriculture industry.
CoBank has committed the first $10 billion to the fund.

Capitol Peak Asset Management, an investment firm, will manage the fund's
investments and the Agriculture Department will help find projects for the fund.
Investors will be able to make debt and equity investments in individual and
bundled projects. They will earn returns on their principal investments along
with interest.

The move comes as pension funds and institutional investors, faced with few
investment opportunities that yield high returns in the face of low interest
rates, have begun to shift large amounts of money into less traditional
investments that promise bigger returns like hedge funds and private equity
firms. Flows into the hedge fund industry from institutional investors are at
all-time highs. Faced with what he described as "extraordinary" demand from
local communities in rural America for capital, Mr. Vilsack last year enlisted
the help of Matthew McKenna, a former executive at PepsiCo, to help find a way
to attract Wall Street and large institutional investors. Through the process,
Mr. McKenna discovered that investors with big war chests were interested in
making investments in more than just one or two individual projects at a time.

As a result, the fund will offer investors the opportunity to put money into
bundled projects. One specific area where investment is needed is in California,
Mr. Vilsack said, where the state is facing one of its most severe droughts on
record.

"There is a business opportunity there because people will pay for water," he
added.

Since the 2008 financial crisis, large pools of pension money have flowed
directly into farmland and agricultural investments. Some Wall Street investors
are trying their hand at creating different ways to tap demand from both large
pensions funds and individual investors.

One group of investors has begun to buy farmland through real estate investment
trusts - including the American Farmland Company, Farmland Partners and the
Gladstone Land Corporation - that combine crops and land into an asset class for
ordinary investors to buy.

So strong is the demand from some corners of the financial world that
agricultural conferences once attended mostly by farmers and others in related
fields are now crowded with institutional investors, venture capitalists and
hedge fund managers.

Mr. Vilsack will announce the new Rural Infrastructure fund on Thursday at a
conference in Washington. Nearly 600 financial executives, investors and
government officials have convened for  the White House's Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. The list of speakers for the event includes Treasury
Secretary Jacob J. Lew and Ken Wilson, vice chairman of BlackRock, the world's
largest asset manager.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    Ad Gully

                      February 19, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

India's Biggest Business & Market Experts on CNBC-TV18, this Budget 2016

BYLINE: Adgully Bureau

LENGTH: 629  words


Nothing gets bigger than Budget coverage on CNBC-TV18. With the who's who of the
business world & the Stock Markets appearing on the channel, CNBC-TV18 boasts of
having the most influential names on board, for the analysis of Budget 2016.

Budget 2016 will be a crucial Budget for Prime Minister Modi's Government. They
have completed two years in office so this really is the half way mark Budget
for this Government and perhaps, the final window of opportunity to try and push
through big ticket reforms. This is the time to chase growth & engineer real
change. This is the time to restore business confidence and jumpstart domestic
demand. This is the time to act. If the government does not push for reforms
NOW, it will NEVER get back on the path of high growth. CNBC-TV18 recognizes
this year's announcement as the NOW or NEVER budget.

This year, the most influential names from the world of business & the Stock
Markets will come together to share their opinions and insights, only on
CNBC-TV18. This Budget, the analysis of this much awaited policy announcement
will be carried out by one of the most experienced team of Editors in business
news - Udayan Mukherjee, ShereenBhan, LathaVenkatesh, Anuj Singhal& Sonia Shenoy
as well as the best guest editors in the industry such as Ramesh Damani and
Manish Chokhani. Their insights will enable viewers to understand the impact of
this year's Budget on their business, their investments & their personal
finance.

Along with the CNBC-TV18 Budget editors, the biggest market experts in the
country will join the CNBC-TV18 team to analyze the effect on the markets. The
traders will be guided by the best technical analysts lead by Ashwani Gujral,
SudarshanSukhani, Prakash Gaba and Rajat Bose. While the fundamental impact of
the Budget on individual stocks will be analyzed by S P Tulsian, Prakash Diwan
and AmbareeshBaleega.

Culminating with the Budget announcement, CNBC-TV18 will present a host of
special shows, led by India's most experienced business editorial team that will
focus on key aspects of the Government's fiscal policy. The Channel will speak
to the most influential names of Markets & India Inc., to understand their
expectations from the Budget. This year, CNBC-TV18 presents a number of special
shows to understand the country's expectations from the Budget. A few examples
of such programming -

1) BUDGET CARAVAN - CNBC-TV18 will traverse the length and breadth of the
country and travel to the growth centres of India, to get a sense of the big
expectations, straight from the shop floor and give viewers an economic health
check of the nation, with this special series.

2) WHAT'S AILING RURAL INDIA? - The CNBC-TV18 reporters travel to the smallest
pockets of the nation to understand the rural nerve of the country. We aim to
answer pertinent questions such as - How will the Budget impact the rural
population of the country and what are their key needs?

3) BUDGET HANGOUT - A special show featuring the young business community and
professionals of India; we speak to the young CMOs and CEOs of leading corporate
names in India. In a refreshingly new format, team CNBC-TV18 chats with these
young icons on their expectations from the Budget.

CNBC-TV18, the specialists in business news, will bring news, trends and
analysis from the best minds from India Inc., Indian and global markets,
industry experts and economists. CNBC-TV18 unravels the initial expectations of
India's economic future and its subsequent impact, based on industry reactions,
citizen demands, market implications and expert opinions. The Channel has
pioneered Budget coverage and analysis, making it a 'must-watch' event on
television for the business fraternity and is the undisputed leader of Budget
coverage for the past 16 years.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


             Copyright 2016 E7 Network, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                                 March 13, 2014

Local Economic Development Agency Launches New Website

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: Windhoek


The new website of the Local Economic Development Agency (LEDA) went live this
week, a crucial step in the evolution of the agency, which was established in
2011 following the publication of the 2009 government White Paper on Local and
Regional Economic Development.

The white paper sets out what the LEDA does, its history, vision, mission,
values and above all, its different service areas. For example, the LEDA builds
the capacity of Local Economic Development (LED) officers and development
planners through demand-driven training workshops, for which details are
provided on the website. The typical process involved in developing an LED
strategy is outlined and examples of current LED projects, which the LEDA
supports, are showcased via an interactive map.

The LEDA is a division of the Ministry of Regional and Local Government, Housing
and Rural Development (MRLGHRD), which supports regional councils and local
authorities through capacity building, strategy development and implementation,
funding and networking. Its website will be instrumental in assisting local
governments in stimulating LED through the dissemination of relevant
information.

In addition, visitors to the LEDA website will find detailed information about
each conference that the agency has hosted to date, including a summary of their
objectives and selected pictures. Under the LED publications section relevant
studies and economic surveys, the most recent Namibian Business and Investment
Climate surveys, and different editions of the SME Gazette are available for
downloading. Other useful additions to the website include the section on LED
toolkits, which LED practitioners can apply in their daily work, and a list of
partner organisations with links to their own websites. It is important to note
that the LEDA website has not been developed by professional web designers, but
by the LEDA team itself. It will be updated regularly and evolve over time.

The regional councils and local authorities of Namibia were already given the
chance to provide the agency with feedback on the website and it met with the
approval of the Minister of Regional and Local Government, Housing and Rural
Development when it was first introduced at the LED pathfinders studies launch
on November 28, 2013. Now it is up to the public at large to make use of the
LEDA website in order to promote regional and local economic development across
the country.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Capital Briefs: Plan Would Promote Inner-City Investment

                           January 19, 1999, Tuesday

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Seeking to spur $15 billion in inner-city investment, President Clinton on
Friday proposed expanding government loan guarantee and tax credit programs.

As part of the initiative, the Small Business Administration would let 10 more
nonbank lenders join the 7(a) loan program, which guarantees up to 80% of a loan
to a small business that is unable to find private financing. Currently, only 14
nonbank lenders are permitted.

The President also proposed a 25% tax credit for investments in community
development banks and the creation of "America's Private Investment Companies,"
which would make equity investments in large companies that are expanding or
relocating to inner-city and rural areas. They would be financed with $100
million in private capital and $200 million in government-loan guarantees.

Also on the agenda: lifting restrictions on Small Business Investment
Corporations; establishing a new-markets venture capital fund; and expanding
community development financial institutions.

The programs were outlined in a policy paper released by the White House. The
President unveiled the plan at the second annual Wall Street Project investors
conference, organized by civil rights leader Jesse Jackson.

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 205 words

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 American Banker, Inc.


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 1994 California Western School of Law
                  California Western International Law Journal

                                   FALL, 1994

                            25 Cal. W. Int'l L.J. 1

LENGTH: 39430 words

NAFTA, the Chiapas Rebellion, and the Emergence of Mexican Ethnic Law

NAME:  Jorge A. Vargas *

BIO:



   * Professor of Law, University of San Diego School of Law; Visiting
Professor, Stanford Law School, Spring 1994. LL.B., summa cum laude, National
Autonomous University School of Law, (UNAM), 1964; LL.M., Yale Law School, 1970;
J.S.D. candidate, Yale Law School. Former member Mexico City Bar Association.
Legal advisor to Mexico's Secretary of Foreign Affairs (SRE), 1964-1968;
Professor at UNAM, Iberoamericana and Anahuac Law Schools, 1973-1980. Founder
and former director of USD's Mexico-United States Law Institute. The author is
most grateful to his friend and colleague Professor Mary Jo Newborn Wiggins and
to Ms. Janelle C. Johnson, LL.M., for their valuable editorial comments. The
author is also indebted to Frank Weston, Margaret McDonald and, especially,
Michael White, all of the Reference Department, Katherine M. and George M.
Pardee Jr. Legal Research Center at the University of San Diego Law School. The
author verifies the accuracy of the Spanish language cites and all English
translations.

 TEXT:
 [*1]

    Introduction

    On January 1, 1994, coinciding with the entering into force of NAFTA,  n1 an
armed rebellion erupted in Mexico's southern state of Chiapas.  n2 Thousands of
impoverished and uneducated Mayan Indians, principally composed of members of
the Tzotzil, Tzeltal and Tojobal indigenous peoples, rose in arms to demand an
immediate response from the government of Mexico to their chronic and unanswered
problems.

    As the New Year dawned, Indians came out of the forests, down from the
hills, and took over nine towns in Chiapas. They invaded town halls and burned
the archives of their oppression. They destroyed the land deeds, the titles
establishing ownership of what once had been theirs. They seized a hated former
governor of the state. In the tourist-crammed mountain town of San Cristobal
they made their way to the local paper--El Tiempo--that had always been friendly
to indigenous people, and proclaimed their rising in the name of the Zapatista
Liberation Army.  n3  [*2]


    The Indians demanded improvement of their living conditions, better
education for their children in rural and Indian communities, access to medical
care, secure land ownership, respect for their unique ethnicity, fair political
elections and the establishment of a truly democratic system in the country.  n4
In a manifesto put out by the rebels these demands were summarized in the
following ten points: (1) work, (2) land, (3) shelter, (4) nutrition, (5)
health, (6) education, (7) liberty, (8) democracy, (9) justice, and (10) peace.
n5

    The Chiapas rebellion represents Mexico's most serious armed insurgency
movement in the last two decades,  n6 since the Mexican Army violently crushed
the guerrilla uprising of Lucio Cabanas in the State of Guerrero in the 1970s.
n7

    The explosion of the Chiapas rebellion took Mexico, and the world, by
surprise. When the administration of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari was
preparing to initiate the official euphoria triggered by the legal arrival of
NAFTA, the Indian rebellion in Chiapas instantly darkened the social and legal
perspectives within that country, especially obscuring its political and
economic image abroad. "Everything changed overnight. In 1994 we woke up in a
new country, a country where we have to live in a different way, in confusion,
sadness, anxiety, desperation, bursts of machine-gun fire; la guerrilla."  n8

    The rebels named their movement "Ejercito Zapatista de Liberacion Nacional"
n9 (i.e., Zapatista National Liberation Army, or EZLN).  n10 This name was given
in honor of the memory of the revolutionary hero from Morelos, Emiliano Zapata,
n11 whose political philosophy, encapsulated in the motto "Tierra y Libertad"
(Land and Freedom), nurtured the content of Article 27 of Mexico's 1917
Constitution.  n12 This philosophy led Mexico's  [*3]  official party, the
Institutional Revolutionary Party, better known by its acronym "PRI," to
establish agrarian reform and its program for the distribution of land among
campesinos,  n13 including indigenous peoples. Unfortunately, most of the
demands advanced by Zapata early this century, especially those affecting
indigenous peoples, remained unanswered.

    For ten days, the Mexican Army launched a heavy military attack against the
rebels. The Mexican military, apparently surprised by the unexpected rebellion,
was forced to "abandon its traditional low profile and wage war through the
jungles of southern Mexico; a job military experts say it was illprepared,
underfunded and poorly equipped to take on."  n14

    According to U.S. media reports, the Mexican Army utilized armored personnel
carriers and U.S.-made Humvees which were diverted to Chiapas from other parts
of Mexico.  n15 However, the bulk of its fire power, consisting of "soldiers
armed with German-designed G-3 automatic rifles. U.S.made light helicopter
gunships, believed to number fewer than two dozen, and three propeller driven
planes armed with rockets,"  n16 provided air cover for the infantry. Mexican
soldiers

    mounted a bloody offensive against the retreating rebels, sweeping through
villages and arresting scores of peasants, most of whom protested their
innocence. Helicopter gunships launched rockets and sprayed machine-gun fire on
rural enclaves . . . . Official estimates put the death toll at about 100,
though many believe it to be much higher--the evidence is concealed in common
graves throughout the region. The Mexican Army, it appeared, was emulating the
scorched-earth tactics so popular among nearby Central American regimes.  n17

    The Mexican weekly Proceso, which has been reporting in detail the peasant
uprising in Chiapas, provided:


    A month after the armed conflict in Chiapas was initiated, the complaints
against the Mexican Army for human rights violations include bombing of
inhabited towns; illegal and arbitrary detentions; unconstitutional searches of
homes; abuses of authority; intimidation and threats to individuals and groups;
torture; forced and involuntary disappearances [of persons]; homicide of
civilians and summary executions.  n18

    Probably as a reaction to mounting international pressure, President Salinas
de Gortari reversed his militaristic policy on January 5, 1994. He offered the
rebels a cease-fire and amnesty, calling for "an immediate end to hostilities,
surrender of all weaponry, freedom for all persons kidnapped or taken prisoner
and identification of all guerilla leaders and interlocutors."  n19 He also
appointed Manuel Camacho Solis to the position of Commissioner for Peace and
Reconciliation.  n20 Mr. Camacho and the rebels, represented by Subcomandante
Marcos,  n21 reached a tentative settlement on March 2, 1994,  n22 utilizing the
mediation services of the Catholic Bishop of San Cristobal de las Casas, Samuel
Ruiz.  n23

    On March 2, 1994, the EZLN submitted to the federal government of Mexico a
formal document containing thirty-four specific "Demands and Engagements to
Achieve a Dignified Peace in Chiapas."  n24 From a substantive viewpoint, these
demands may be categorized into the following five general issues: political,
legal, socio-economic, military, and women's.

    The EZLN's main political demands were that the President of Mexico and
other "State executives" (i.e. governors of states) resign and a "transition
government" be formed immediately.  n25 In essence, the EZLN implied  [*5]  that
the election of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari in 1988, and of some state
governors, were not legitimate. Thus, the EZLN demanded the formation of a
transition government to provide "equality and respect for all political
trends."  n26

    Of the ten legal demands specifically advanced by the EZLN, the most
significant were: (1) to revise the text of NAFTA to incorporate the interests
and needs of the indigenous peoples; (2) to amend Article 27 of Mexico's
Constitution, so lands will be given to indigenous peoples and not to "large
landholders;" (3) to be able to administer their own system of justice according
to their customs and traditions, without the intervention of illegitimate and
corrupt governments; and (4) to repeal the Penal Code of Chiapas.  n27

    The socio-economic demands included: (1) hospitals with "specialized
doctors;" (2) "houses with electricity, drinking water, roads, sewage,
telephones, transportation;" (3) ending illiteracy; (4) "dignified jobs with a
just salary;" (5) ending hunger and malnutrition; and (6) "peace and
tranquility."  n28

    The EZLN's military demands were: (1) that the Mexican government recognize
the EZLN as a "belligerent force," thus protected by the applicable
international conventions and treaties; (2) to obtain indemnification for the
families whose shacks and belongings were destroyed by the bombings of the
Federal Army; (3) to stop the expulsions of indigenous peoples from their
communities conducted by "caciques supported by the State;" and (4) "to respect
the lives of all members of the EZLN."  n29

    Finally, the EZLN included demands to address the special and urgent needs
of indigenous women in that part of Mexico, such as: (1) "maternity clinics with
gynecologists;" (2) child care centers; (3) food for children; (4) kitchens and
dining areas for children; (5) corn grinding and tortilla establishments; (6)
rural farms to grow chickens, rabbits, sheep; (7) a bakery; and (8) handicraft
shops.  n30

    As a consequence of the shocking assassination of the PRI presidential
candidate, Luis Donaldo Colossio,  n31 the negotiations between the government
of Mexico and the EZLN were immediately suspended. On May 4, 1994, as a result
of a meeting held in Las Margaritas between Camacho Solis, Subcomandante Marcos
and Bishop Ruiz, a joint communique was issued informing the Mexican people that
the consultations between the  [*6]  EZLN and the federal government had been
re-initiated.  n32

    However, it appears that these consultations were destined to fail. Only a
month after they were started, Mr. Camacho resigned as Peace Commissioner  n33
because of a political clash with Dr. Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon, the new
presidential candidate appointed by the PRI to succeed Colosio.  n34 This led
President Salinas to appoint Lic. Jorge Madrazo Cuellar, until then head of the
government's National Commission on Human Rights (CNDH), as the new Commissioner
for Reconciliation and Peace.  n35

    Very little progress was accomplished by Lic. Madrazo as Peace Commissioner.
Less than a week after he rendered the fourth annual report of the creation of
the CNDH,  n36 the EZLN rejected the proposals made by the Federal government.
n37 In October of 1994, the peace negotiations broke off again.

    As soon as he took office as President of Mexico on December 1, 1994, Dr.
Ernesto Zedillo stated that he was "convinced that it is possible to begin a new
peace negotiation in Chiapas."  n38 However, on December 18, 1994, the EZLN
mobilized its forces, occupying the town of Simojovel, in what was considered to
be the most serious provocation since both sides agreed to a cease fire a year
ago.  n39 Two days later, the Mexico peso was devalued.  n40 A few days later,
Subcomandante Marcos agreed with the government to extend the cease fire.  n41
Negotiations then began through the "National Commission of Arbitration and
Mediation" (CONAI), headed by  [*7]  Bishop Samuel Ruiz.  n42

    From an international law perspective, the EZLN rebellion in Chiapas offers
two intriguing developments, unprecedented in the history of Mexico, namely: (1)
its intimate relationship with NAFTA, an international trade instrument;  n43
and (2) the focus of the EZLN's demands on the respect for human rights.

    This article attempts to embrace a number of objectives. First, it provides
information regarding the armed campesino uprising in Chiapas, exploring its
genesis and giving special attention to the tragic conditions which affect the
indigenous peoples in that part of Mexico. Second, it analyzes the main demands
advanced by the EZLN. Third, it documents human rights violations committed by
the Mexican Army, as reported by Mexican and international journalists, as well
as by U.S. and Mexican human rights organizations. Fourth, it provides an
analysis of the impact that the EZLN movement is likely to produce in Mexico,
and abroad, in relation to certain political, legal, economic and cultural
issues. And, finally, it discusses the effect of NAFTA on the promotion of human
rights in Mexico.

    I. Chiapas, the Rebellion and NAFTA

    A. The State of Chiapas


    "The Mexican State of Chiapas has long been noted for its physical beauty,
natural wealth and oppressed indigenous population."  n44

    Chiapas, Mexico's most southern state, borders Guatemala.  n45 Not only
physically, but politically and economically, Chiapas is a part of Central
America. With a total population of 3.2 million, the indigenous population
amounts to almost one million, most of them fluent in Mayan, although nine other
authochtonous languages are also spoken throughout the state.  n46 Two million
residents have less than elementary school education, with an official  [*8]
illiteracy rate recognized at 30%.  n47 At least 1.1 million Chiapanecos live in
communities without electricity, 1.3 million live in communities without running
water, and 1.6 million in houses with dirt floors.  n48 According to the
Secretariat of Social Development (Sedesol), 2.5 million residents earn less
than $ 7 a day.  n49 The World Bank figures place earnings of the Indian
population of the state at $ 350, or less, a year.  n50

    Rebellions by indigenous peoples have been occurring in Chiapas since
colonial times.  n51 For historians, anthropologists and human rights advocates,
the works of Fray Bartolome de las Casas  n52 epitomize the ardent defense of
indigenous peoples.  n53

    Chiapas is Mexico's poorest state for Indians, but a Pdise for caciques.
n54 Since early this century, caciques have been the most powerful people in
Chiapas, both politically and economically.  n55 From a political viewpoint, all
of today's caciques in Chiapas are members of the PRI.  n56 The PRI has long
been in control of Mexico's political landscape.  n57 Today, the PRI claims
control of 90% of the votes in Chiapas.  n58 As such, no authority, from a
modest police officer to the Governor of the State, can serve in any public
capacity at the municipal, state or federal level in Chiapas unless they are an
official member of the PRI. Economically, caciques are the wealthiest
individuals not only in Chiapas but in Mexico at large.  n59

    Following a reputation dating back centuries, caciques have been engaged in
dispossessing indigenous peoples of their lands using the most arbitrary,
illegal and violent means. Jorge Castaneda, a political scientist at Mexico's
National Autonomous University (UNAM), recently wrote: "For  [*9]  decades, the
local authorities and the army worked with the cattle ranchers in dispossessing
the Indians of their communal lands; the ranchers got the land, while the Army
and the police beat up, harassed and intimidated the previous owners."  n60

    The strategy that caciques and ranchers have followed has been a relatively
simple one. Over the years, in a gradual but undeterred movement, "the Indians
have been driven across the state from the fertile lands along the Pacific coast
to the central highlands and, finally, to the Lacandon rain forest in the
east--the region in Chiapas least suited for agriculture."  n61 According to
June Nash, an American anthropologist who studies the Tzetzal group, even in the
Lacandon rain forest, the interests of the Indians "have taken a back seat to
commercial enterprises backed by the State. They would let the Indians move in
and clear the land. Then, as soon as they got it in usable shape, the loggers
and ranchers would force them out--without any compensation."  n62 The Mexican
government, instead of applying the law when landowners have pushed Indian
communities off their land, "has turned a blind eye to the low-intensity
violence. Torture, killings and illegal arrests in Chiapas and neighboring
Oaxaca prompted Amnesty International to write its first report on the human
rights situation in Mexico in 1986."  n63 This explains why Chiapas, whose
population accounts for a mere 4% of Mexico's population, is involved in 25-30%
of Mexico's land disputes.  n64

    Chiapas is endowed with vast natural resources. It supplies large amounts of
oil, cocoa, beef, sugar, and coffee to the rest of the country. It is also the
locale of a major hydroelectric project that provides electric power to a large
portion of Mexico, and the site of intense geological explorations conducted by
PEMEX, the federal Pstate oil monopoly. However, until very recently, Chiapas
has been economically abandoned by the federal government.

    In recent years, President Salinas de Gortari has targeted Chiapas as a
major recipient of his anti-poverty campaign, known as Mexico's National  [*10]
Solidarity Program.  n65 Since taking office in December of 1988, after winning
a highly contested presidential election, President Salinas channeled $ 12
billion into this program to introduce basic services and some infrastructure
works in Mexico's poorest states.  n66

    The state of Chiapas, which is the poorest in the country, received
approximately $ 727 million to finance 8,869 public works "ranging from gravel
roads to basketball courts."  n67 However, these federally-funded
social-oriented programs have been hampered by opposition from caciques and
government officials, and by corruption.  n68

    A confidential document written by highly-placed officials in the federal
government, blamed the then governor of the state, Patrocinio Gonzalez Garrido,
"not only for permitting a feudal land system to persist but also for helping
large landowners repress Indian peasants. . . . In 1992, he had ordered the
arrest of three Solidarity officials on charges of fraud, embezzlement and
corruption after they refused to let him administer federal antipoverty funds,"
said Neil Harvey, an assistant professor of political science at Brown
University.  n69

    Recent reports indicate that the Solidarity program has been a failure in
Chiapas. Several reasons appear to be associated with this failure. Such reasons
include: the novelty of the program; its use to accomplish political gains; the
construction of works with little or no interest to the local people; and
corrupt practices.

    However, the strongest opposition has been erected by President Salinas'
natural political allies: the wealthy ranchers and caciques members of the PRI.
These powerful political actors are by no means ready to change the conditions
of oppression and injustice that they so successfully imposed for  [*11]
decades upon the poorest people of the state. This is especially so considering
that their illegal and abusive practices were not secretly done. Such practices
were conducted in an open and regular manner, with absolute impunity and
political disregard from the federal government.  n70

    B. The Roots of the Rebellion

    "Time has stood still in Chiapas. It appears like a historic anachronism."
n71

    Hundreds, probably thousands, of journalistic accounts have been published
throughout the world since the Chiapas rebellion started on January 1, 1994.
n72 Most of these reports are in agreement in identifying the same factors as
the roots of the uprising.

    One factor contributing to the rebellion was the chronic conditions of
abject misery and abandonment which prevail in villages and small towns where
indigenous peoples live. In the words of Subcomandante Marcos, "we have nothing,
absolutely nothing. Not a dignified roof, nor work, nor land, nor health care,
nor education."  n73 In an article in the New Statesman and Society, one writer
acknowledged: "the Indians of Chiapas--Tzotziles, Tzetales, Choles, Tojobales,
Mames, Zoques and mestizos--may have been driven to the very margins. But the
fibre of their resistance across five centuries of terrible oppression, had
remained strong."  n74

    In San Cristobal alone, where unemployment exceeds 60 percent, Mexican
government census bureau statistics report that 78 percent of the population
live in overcrowded shacks with dirt floors, 66 percent of which lack
electricity, 40 percent lack sewers and water. More than 40 percent of the
people are illiterate and 62 percent never completed sixth grade.  n75

    Other causes of the rebellion were the constant abuses and repeated illegal
acts committed for decades against indigenous peoples by caciques, cattle
ranchers and public authorities, including the public authorities of the  [*12]
state and the Mexican Army. One writer noted, "the problem is that the
authoritarian, corrupt, oligarchical structures that have characterized Chiapas
for decades were left untouched--or even were strengthened . . . . In fact, the
main problem in Chiapas is not economic but political."  n76

    A third cause of the rebellion was the realization by indigenous peoples
that the political, legal and economic systems established by the state in
Chiapas, and in Mexico as a whole, are being utilized to exacerbate their
exploitation and ignore their demands, possibly leading towards their eventual
extermination. "Police, soldiers and landowners' private militias ruthlessly
enforce the will of cattle barons and other powerful interests--not infrequently
including drug traffickers. As Mexico hurtles towards the millennium, Chiapas is
mired somewhere in a feudal past."  n77 "Traditionally in Chiapas . . . the
state government distributed the Solidarity funds for political reasons. . . .
We have never seen the funds distributed in the communities for the purpose of
eliminating poverty."  n78

    Finding a solution to these types of problems requires the creation of a new
and complex policy with a proper mechanism for its effective implementation. The
formulation of this policy should not be left solely in the hands of the
government of Mexico but, rather, should be undertaken as a national commitment
with the participation of all Mexicans.

    This new policy has to take into account a number of guiding principles.
First, indigenous peoples must be recognized as individuals endowed with
constitutionally-protected rights, including human rights at the personal and
collective level. This recognition should come both from the government and from
mestizos alike.

    Second, the new policy should include the dismantling of the traditional
economic system as it exists in Chiapas today, and elsewhere in Mexico. The
traditional economic system was constructed upon the negation of the rights and
the exploitation of indigenous peoples. Third, the new policy must address the
need to overhaul the court system in Mexico. In order to truly impart justice to
indigenous people, the courts must sanction the abuses of authorities and
wealthy Mexicans and, in particular, do away with its obsolescence, inefficiency
and corruption.

    Finally, the new policy should change the political landscape in Mexico.
This change should not only address the elimination of fraudulent electoral
practices, but should also promote the installation of true democracy.

    C. NAFTA and the Indigenous Peoples of Mexico

    The rebels in Chiapas were against NAFTA because this trilateral  [*13]
agreement was expected to destroy the existing economic system in rural areas,
where most indigenous peoples are located. Consequently, the Mayan Indians of
Chiapas identified NAFTA as the instrument likely to terminate their economic
sustenance, their culture and, in one word, their existence.

    According to this train of thought, NAFTA was created for the benefit of
Mexico's political and business elite. The international agreement was
negotiated by government officials who did not contemplate the interests, needs,
and priorities of the Mexican indigenous peoples.  n79

    In general, campesinos and ejidatarios in Chiapas have barely survived by
cultivating small parcels of land, to grow corn, beans and vegetables using the
most primitive technology. Those small parcels of land, known as ejidos,  n80
were given to rural communities to use pursuant to Article 27 of Mexico's 1917
Constitution as a reaction against the vast land properties (latifundios),
amassed by a few wealthy families during the Porfirio Diaz regime and in
compliance with the goals advanced by Zapata.  n81 However, as part of his
overall economic policies, President Salinas proposed an amendment to Article 27
of the Constitution in 1992, in order to do away with ejidos and to encourage
U.S.-style agri-business and new latifundios designed for export economy-mass
production.  n82 "Small farmers feared that cheap, mass-produced U.S. foodstuffs
would overwhelm their meager production of corn and beans."  n83

    Therefore, the indigenous peoples in Chiapas rose in arms as a symbolic cry
to accomplish several objectives. One was to get the attention of the government
of Mexico. A second objective was to appeal to other impoverished Mexicans in a
similar situation. According to the World Bank, 32 million of Mexico's total
population of 85 million "still live in poverty."  n84 The Mexican government
reports that

    the wealthiest 10 percent of the population captures 38 percent of the
national income, while the poorest 10 percent receives only 1.55 percent. . . .
Mexicans living below the poverty line comprise 40 percent of the population. .
. . the number of billionaires rose from two in 1988 to [*14]  thirteen last
year, a 700 percent jump.  n85

    A third objective was to send a message to other countries in Latin America.
The unfair distribution of wealth and the systematic violation of human rights,
especially those of indigenous peoples, is not the exception but the rule in
most Latin American countries. For example, in Guatemala, a country of 10
million people, human rights groups report that "more than 100,000 people have
been killed, 45,000 have fled refugee camps into neighboring Mexico and another
45,000 have disappeared . . . ."  n86 A professor at the University of Los Andes
in Bogota, Colombia, pointed out that "Mexico is now a mirror for the rest of
Latin America, showing the weaknesses of economic reforms that do not come
accompanied by democratization or solutions for the masses."  n87

    Finally, the rebels wanted to attract the interest and attention of the
international community at large and the United States in particular. A couple
of weeks after the rebellion started in Mexico, two Representatives from
California sent a letter to President Salinas de Gortari asking him "to
investigate possible human rights abuses by the Mexican Army in the Chiapas
state revolt."  n88 The letter was co-signed by more than twenty other
congressional supporters of NAFTA and it urged the Mexican government to conduct
the investigation rather than relying on Mexico's National Commission on Human
Rights, "which has been criticized for failing to fairly investigate cases in
the past."  n89 In a similar vein, Human Rights Watch, citing violations of core
political rights in Mexico, wrote to President Clinton in late 1993, urging him
to address these and other human rights issues during trade negotiations with
Mexico.  n90

    II. The EZLN, Its Demands and Subcomandante Marcos

    A. The Chiapas Uprising was Obscured by NAFTA

    Guerrilla movements have not been officially recognized in Mexico during the
last two decades.  n91 However, rumors have been circulating for  [*15]  years
concerning the presence of some guerrilla activity in southern Mexico.  n92 U.S.
military intelligence analysts prepared reports of guerrilla activity in Chiapas
in the summer of 1993.  n93

    Prior to the armed uprising in Chiapas, the policy of the Mexican government
was principally directed at lobbying the U.S. Congress to secure the passage of
NAFTA. Its aim was to promote Mexico as a politically stable country, interested
in attracting foreign investment.

    Therefore, the policy of the Mexican authorities was to simply deny, at the
federal as well as the local level, the existence of guerrilla movements or to
downplay the aggravation of campesino problems in the area. Thus, Chiapas
Attorney General Joaquin Armendariz told reporters in June of 1993, after a
reported Army encounter with an armed group that "there are no guerrillas in
this state. This alarm is definitely false and comes from people trying to
discredit the government and create anxiety among its citizenry."  n94

    In early January, 1994, the U.S. Department of State denied reports
circulating in Mexico that "the United States knew that a guerrilla force was
growing up in the backlands of Chiapas." A senior official added that "the
rebellion took us completely by surprise."  n95

    The highest political priority of the Mexican government during the second
half of 1993, was securing the passage of NAFTA by the U.S. Congress. Thus, any
negative publicity that could jeopardize the passage of NAFTA--such as the
presence of armed guerrilla groups, unhappy with the government and likely to
disrupt the image of a politically stable nation--was bound to be quickly
suppressed by the Mexican authorities.  [*16]

    B. El Subcomandante Marcos

    Most of the communiques distributed by the EZLN to the press are written by
Subcomandante Marcos.  n96 In the opinion of a U.S. writer, "He has penned
witty, brash and detailed correspondence, spicing political dogma with
references to films, soap operas and books. Although he acknowledged that the
Zapatistas cannot defeat the Army in a military faceoff, Marcos vanquished the
government on the propaganda front."  n97

    The ideas and writings of Subcomandante Marcos are illustrated in the
"Declaration of War," issued by the EZLN:


    To the Mexican people we are the product of 500 years of struggle. We say:
enough! We are the descendants of the original conceivers of our common
identity. We are the dispossessed mass, and we call to each of you to join in
this single cause so that we may not starve to death under the 70-year-old
dictatorship led by a self-appointed band of traitors.  n98

    To the government it does not matter that we are dying of hunger and curable
diseases; that we have nothing, absolutely nothing: a decent roof over our
heads, nor land, nor work, nor health, food or education. Without the right to
elect our officials freely and democratically. Without autonomy, peace or
justice for our children. We are fully aware that the war we have declared is
the last, yet the only, just measure we have.  n99

    Later, in response to the formal offer of a pardon to the insurgents, made
by the government of Mexico, Subcomandante Marcos wrote:


    Why do we have to be pardoned? What are we going to be pardoned for? Of not
dying of hunger? Of not being silent in our misery? Of not humbly accepting our
historic role of being the despised and the outcast? Of having picked up arms
after we found all other roads closed? Of not having paid attention to the
Chiapas Penal Code, one of the most absurd and repressive in history? Of having
demonstrated to the rest of the country and the entire world that human dignity
still lives, even among some of the world's poorest peoples?. . .  n100

    The administration of President Salinas de Gortari, through the Secretariat
of the Interior, in early January, 1994, denied that the rebellion is an
indigenous movement or a peasant farmer action. Instead, it claimed the
rebellion was the work of professionals who were manipulating the disaffected.
n101 The government speculated that "foreigners--possibly Guatemalans and
Salvadorans with experience in guerrilla warfare after lengthy civil wars  [*17]
in those countries--provided the training."  n102 However, there was no evidence
to support these claims.

    While attending the World Economic Forum at Davos, in Switzerland, President
Salinas de Gortari described the rebellion as "a local problem in a region with
deep poverty involving a well-trained and educated armed group with a radical
ideology."  n103 He emphasized that Mexico was "determined to solve the problem
through political means and not through force."  n104

    C. The EZLN and its Thirty-Four Demands

    Following the cease fire and the declaration of amnesty extended to the EZLN
by President Salinas de Gortari on January 5, 1994, and the appointment of Lic.
Camacho as Commissioner of Peace and Reconciliation,  n105 both parties engaged
in a series of intensive consultations.

    The EZLN took the initiative by submitting to Lic. Camacho thirty-four
"Demands and Engagements"  n106 to be considered and answered by the government
of Mexico. Once this document was studied by President Salinas de Gortari and
his advisors, a press conference was held in San Cristobal de las Casas on March
2, 1994, during which a specific answer was given by the Mexican government to
each of the petitions advanced by the EZLN.  n107 This official declaration is
the most important document articulating the position of the negotiating
parties.

    A brief analysis of Mexico's responses is indispensable both to reach an
understanding of the political philosophy of each of the contending parties and
to evaluate the concessions apparently extended to the EZLN by the government of
Mexico. In order to proceed in a more systematic manner, the thirty-four demands
advanced by the EZLN, and the respective answers given by the government, have
been substantively divided into the following five large categories: (1)
political; (2) legal; (3) socio-economic; (4) military; and (5) women's demands.
n108  [*18]

    1. Political Demands

    The political demands are the most serious and delicate matters raised by
the EZLN. These demands go to the core of Mexico's political system,
characterizing it as illegitimate, corrupt and under the exclusive control of
the PRI.  n109

    First, the EZLN demanded that national elections be "truly free and
democratic" with equal rights and obligations for political organizations
seeking power and authentic freedom to choose one or the other proposition and
respect for the will of the majority.  n110 The implication of this demand is
that national elections in Mexico have not been free or democratic, but
manipulated by the PRI. As a consequence, the EZLN demanded an authentic
election: truly free, fair and democratic.

    Second, in order to have "truly free and democratic" elections, the EZLN
demanded the resignation of the head of the Federal Executive and of the heads
of the State executives that came to power through electoral fraud.  n111 Their
legitimacy, the EZLN added, does not come from the "respect for the will of the
majority, but rather from its usurpation."  n112 As a political sequitur of this
demand, the EZLN considered necessary the formation of a government of
transition to implement equality and respect for all political views.  n113

    The EZLN implied that the election of President Salinas de Gortari in 1988
was not "truly free and democratic," but was possibly rigged by the government
and the PRI, so these two entities could continue to keep their political
control over Mexico. This is evident from the EZLN's demand for President
Salinas de Gortari to resign, as well as the call for the formation of a
transition government.

    While recognizing the "large importance" attributed to these two issues, the
government of Mexico, through its Commissioner for Peace and Reconciliation,
asserted that they were "not subject to negotiation," characterizing them not as
issues demanding an answer but rather as "rhetorical questions."  n114 The
official answer underlined the importance of the negotiations conducted at that
time by the Secretary of the Interior (Secretario de Gobernacion) with the
representatives of the different political parties. The negotiations were to
produce, as part of a gradual political  [*19]  process, new electoral
legislation which would guarantee democratic elections.  n115 In his answer,
Commissioner Camacho emphasized:

    To have clean elections, equitable propositions will be followed to ensure
an impartial representation in the electoral organs, and the incorporation of
citizens and groups of citizens whose impartiality and capability are more
important than their political inclination, both in the formation of the
electoral organs and in each step of the political process.  n116

    2. Legal Demands

    The legal demands may be divided into eight groups: (a) to revise NAFTA; (b)
to amend Art. 27 of Mexico's Constitution; (c) to guarantee the right of
indigenous peoples to "truthful information;" (d) to recognize all ethnic
languages as official in Mexico; (e) to recognize the right of indigenous
peoples "to have their own government with self autonomy;" (f) to recognize the
right of indigenous peoples to have their own justice system, according to their
customs and traditions, and "without the intervention of illegitimate and
corrupt governments;" (g) that the government declare null and void "all debts
arising out of credits, loans and taxes;" and (h) "to annul the Penal Code of
Chiapas . . . because it punishes and suppresses any legal and peaceful fight."
n117

    a. To Revise NAFTA

    In its seventh demand, the EZLN asserted that it was necessary to revise
NAFTA since its current text does not consider the indigenous peoples and
sentences them to death for they do not have any labor skills.  n118 To the
EZLN, NAFTA meant a death sentence for all indigenous peoples.  n119

    NAFTA was designed to promote agricultural projects involving economies of
scale, demanding capital-intensive technologies, a steady flow of investment
(especially direct foreign investment from the U.S.), and efficient business
management techniques.  n120 Most of these agricultural projects were conceived
as very large export-oriented projects to the United  [*20]  States, embracing
certain strategic agricultural produce such as tomatoes, cantaloupes, broccoli,
oranges, lettuce, and strawberries.  n121 Corn, green peppers, and beans, the
basic agricultural produce used by most indigenous peoples as their food
staples, were not even considered, since Mexico's production in these fields has
been clearly deficient over the last twelve years.  n122

    The government indicated that the Secretariat of Commerce and Industrial
Development (SECOFI) will undertake "a careful evaluation" of NAFTA's impact
upon "the different productive activities in the state of Chiapas, and
especially upon its indigenous communities."  n123 Taking this evaluation as a
starting point, "special training programs will be designed to benefit those who
may be affected in their productive activities and jobs."  n124

    b. To Amend Article 27 of the Constitution

    The eighth demand, addressing the most serious problems associated with land
tenure in rural areas, demanded the annullment of recent amendments to Article
27 of Mexico's Constitution and called for redistribution of land.  n125 Article
27 of the Constitution constitutes the legal basis for any kind of property
rights in Mexico, whether public or private.  n126 This article was created by
the Constitutional Congress which was held in the City of Queretaro in
1916-1917,  n127 to respond to demands for land distribution.  n128 In Article
27, Congress incorporated the ejido, first created in the "Law of Restoration
and Donation of Ejidos" of January 6, 1915.  n129 This action committed the
government to start distributing rural lands among campesinos in that country.
n130

    As described earlier, ejido land is a piece of rural property granted by the
Federal government to a group of campesinos (known as ejidatarios) to work it as
a collective.  n131 No individual property is allowed within the ejido, which
remains inalienable and protected by federal laws.  n132 The  [*21]  political
process of distributing this type of land by federal government officials to
campesinos, which has lasted until today, led to the installation by the PRI of
an official program called "Agrarian Reform."  n133 However, the ejidos have not
been productive.  n134 Some ejidatarios voluntarily leave their lands, which
have become poor and eroded, and move to urban centers (or to the United States)
looking for brighter economic horizons, while others are violently expelled from
their lands by caciques.  n135

    Ejido lands have been a persistent source of very serious economic and
political problems not only for the federal but also for state and local
governments.  n136 The chronic failure of ejido lands, on the one hand, and the
prospects of large agricultural projects created exclusively to export to the
United States as a result of NAFTA,  n137 on the other, moved the administration
of President Salinas to amend Article 27 of the Constitution to radically
transform the ejido system.  n138

    Two dramatic changes were introduced to the post-NAFTA version of the ejido:
individual property is now permitted and ejidatarios are legally allowed to
enter into commercial or industrial ventures  n139 with individuals or legal
entities, whether Mexican or U.S. citizens or Mexican or foreign corporations.
These recent changes have been interpreted by the EZLN as the final blow that
will cause the demise of the flimsy economic base that sustains the languid
economic activities of indigenous peoples in rural areas throughout Mexico.

    In its official document, the government started by recognizing that "in
Chiapas, the process of the agrarian reform as part of the Mexican Revolution is
not fully completed." It added that this process is going to be implemented
through the enactment of a General Act on the Rights of Indigenous Communities.
This statute "is going to be formed based on the demands, opinions, concerns and
political agreements reached by the indigenous communities in Chiapas and other
indigenous communities" in other parts of Mexico.  n140  [*22]

    c. The Right of Indigenous Peoples to Have Their Own Justice System

    The Mexican government gave one of the most detailed answers to this demand.
It asserted that it would "promote amendments" at the state level to the
Constitution and the power of the judiciary and the police in order to create
judicial districts coinciding geographically with indigenous communities.  n141
These amendments would provide that the judges in these districts "may be
Indians themselves or Mestizo professionals respected in indigenous communities;
be familiar with Mexico's positive law; and be willing to always take into
consideration the [indigenous peoples] usages and customs in adjudicating their
controversies."  n142

    The government also agreed to create special arrangements to treat
indigenous peoples in a fair and adequate manner, in penal and labor
proceedings, including the creation of a District Attorney's Office for the
Defense of Indigenous Peoples.  n143 Finally, the Mexican government agreed "to
proceed with an exhaustive inspection regarding the legal situation of those
persons who are in jail as a result of social conflicts, as well as all the
cases of indigenous peoples whose legal situation permits them to be freed
soon."  n144

    d. To Repeal the Penal Code of the State of Chiapas

    This is the most concise demand advanced by the EZLN. It calls for repeal of
the Penal Code of Chiapas because it does not allow indigenous people to get
organized save for the use of weapons, since any "legal and peaceful struggle is
punished and repressed."  n145 Indeed, the Penal Code of Chiapas deserves to be
included among the most repressive in Mexico and possibly in Latin America. This
is not only because it lists a long enumeration of crimes against public
authorities, public order, and the State itself, but also because of the
imposition of very severe penalties for such crimes, which usually include
imprisonment and stiff fines.

    A rapid review of this Penal Code suffices to produce the following typical
examples: Articles 120 through 149 enunciate numerous "Crimes against the
Internal Security of the State," such as rebellion, conspiracy, sedition, public
disorder, prohibited weapons, terrorism, criminal associa [*23]  tions and
gangsterism.  n146 Articles 150 through 173, titled "Crimes Against Authorities"
enumerate crimes against public roads and highways, disobedience and resistance
to public authorities, opposition to public works and crimes against public
servants."  n147

    However, some Articles merit special comment. The crime of sedition,
detailed in Article 131,  n148 applies to those who having gathered in large
numbers, but without weapons, resist public authorities or attack it to impede
the free exercise of its functions with the purpose of abolishing or amending
the State Constitution, or to suspend or destroy public institutions, or public
elections, or take public servants away from their jobs, or to subtract from the
authority of the State a part of or the entirety of the State, or to deprive
certain State powers of their functions. When the same activities take place in
opposition to the government's institutions, then the crime of rebellion is
committed.  n149

    Article 135 defines a "riot" as a crime when a group of individuals are
gathered in large numbers to disrupt the public order in order to exercise a
right, or to pretend that they are using one, exercising violence upon
individuals or property, or threatening public authorities, their agents or
public servants, or seriously resisting them in the exercise of their functions,
to intimidate said authority or to compel it to make a decision.  n150

    It has been relatively easy for the Chiapas authorities and caciques to
accuse any individuals, including foreigners, but especially members of
indigenous peoples' communities, of the commission of these serious crimes. This
takes place when groups of indigenous peoples gather, for example, in front of
public offices, or when they organize public demonstrations in streets, markets
or public squares, to protest the arbitrary or criminal acts committed by
caciques, landholders, or even public authorities, including the police and the
military forces. Most protests in Chiapas (and other rural States in Mexico)
over the last decades have been organized by indigenous peoples' groups stemming
from rural problems.  n151  [*24]

    The Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights group is one of numerous
nongovernmental organizations that have been conducting direct observations in
Chiapas in recent years, investigating agrarian conflicts, religious
intolerance, and human rights violations of indigenous peoples. Regarding the
Penal Code of Chiapas, this group concluded:


    The new criminal code of the state of Chiapas has been notoriously used by
the government to oppress its citizenry. The code provides for a variety of
vaguely defined political offenses that state government officials may
selectively enforce against dissident peasants or political opponents to
maintain its tight control over the state population. The code's provisions may
be interpreted to criminalize nearly every gathering of people who assemble
publicly to protest governmental conduct or inaction. The State's enforcement of
those provisions--against even peaceful protesters--has filled its overcrowded
prisons with political prisoners.  n152

    The government of Mexico answered this EZLN demand by indicating that "The
current Penal Code will be repealed and that a new one will be enacted." The new
code will be oriented towards respecting constitutional (i.e. individual
guarantees) and political rights, and will contain a new crime: the practice of
rural evictions.  n153

    3. Socio-economic Demands

    These demands consist of a number of specific requests directed at the
federal government to obtain hospitals, adequate housing, public transportation,
schools, illiteracy programs, hunger and malnutrition programs, jobs with a fair
salary, and live in peace and tranquility.  n154

    Regarding hospitals and health care programs, the government indicated that
a special effort would be directed at modernizing and rehabilitating those
hospitals that already exist in indigenous communities. Construction of new
hospitals in other parts of the state will be subject to "the best management of
[the existing] resources."  n155 However, while this reorganization takes place,
an "emergency program" will be launched. This program will be especially
directed at providing care to "all the children in the state, including those
who live in very distant communities."  n156 In addition, the  [*25]  government
agreed that "traditional medicine (i.e. ancient, herbal medicine practiced by
indigenous peoples) 'will be protected in the Regulations derived from Articles
4 and 27 of the Constitution.'"  n157

    Regarding the construction of adequate housing and infrastructure works, the
official document provided that the Secretariat of Social Development and
Ecology (SEDESOL) will "formulate a special program to be submitted to the
indigenous communities . . . and to initiate its first actions by the second
semester of 1994."  n158

    In the area of education, the government provided that it would endeavor to
reach an agreement with the National Union of Teachers (SNTE) to introduce a
program designed "to elevate the quality of public education in the Chiapas
area."  n159 Special emphasis was placed upon providing bilingual teachers and
creating a scholarship program financed from public and private funds to benefit
indigenous communities.  n160

    4. Military Demands

    Four basic demands were advanced by the EZLN on military matters.  n161 The
EZLN demanded to be recognized "as a belligerent force" subject to the
application of "all the international treaties that regulate armed conflicts."
n162 The Mexican government responded that the EZLN was guaranteed dignified and
respectful treatment, but that it was up to the EZLN to decide the type and
nature of its social or political participation in the future. Because this
participation must be within the purview of the Constitution of the Republic,
the government offered to facilitate any legal registry to be requested by the
EZLN or any of its members.  n163

    Regarding the EZLN's other military demands, the government indicated that
as a part of the peace agreements, monetary assistance will be given to victims,
widows and orphans of the conflict.  n164 The Mexican government answered the
EZLN's demand for respect for the life of its members by stating that:

    Under the peace agreement, the decisions included in this compromise and the
guarantees established by the Amnesty Act, not only will the life of all the
members of the EZLN be respected but it is guaranteed also that no penal
proceedings or repressive action against said EZLN members,  [*26]  combatants,
sympathizers or collaborators will be taken.  n165

    5. Specific Demands Advanced by Indigenous Women

    EZLN's Demand No. 29 contained twelve specific petitions for the government
to provide services ranging from maternity clinics and child care centers to
farms and handicraft shops.  n166 The government replied that "the improvement
of the condition of peasant and indigenous women . . . is one of the most
important changes advanced from Chiapas today."  n167 Regarding the specific
requests, the official document indicated that these demands will form a part of
the contemplated health care and training programs. All the demands will be
considered in the formulation of the respective programs, to be designed by
SEDESOL, the federal agency for the Integral Development of the Family
(Desarrollo Integral de la Familia or DIF) and the Secretariat of Health.  n168

    Since these demands and official answers were made public to the people of
Mexico by the Salinas administration on March 2, 1994, very little information
has been provided by the government to validly assess the state of
implementation of the proposed official actions. Short of a trip to Chiapas, it
is difficult to know the state of progress of the numerous programs and actions
proposed by the government or the financial allocations directed at implementing
these official measures.

    On June 12, 1994, the EZLN rejected the government proposals.  n169 The
EZLN's General Commanding Office stated that after conducting a direct
consultation in all the villages, ejidos, ranches and Pjes,  n170 a total of
97.88% of the total voted to reject the government peace proposals. Regarding
what steps to take if the proposal was rejected, the EZLN stated that 3.26%
voted to "renew the hostilities" while 96.74% voted "for resisting and convoking
a new national dialogue."  n171 This formally ended the "dialogue" started by
the peace negotiations at San Cristobal de las Casas.

    In their communique, the EZLN agreed to extend the cease fire, not to attack
the armed forces and to allow the taking place of the forthcoming presidential
elections. In the "Second Declaration of the Lacandona Jungle" they proposed the
need for a new Constitution that will lead into another  [*27]  form of nation
in which indigenous peoples are taken into account.  n172 The caciques and
ranchers in Chiapas demanded that the government expel the squatters who invaded
their lands.  n173

    III. Human Rights Violations By the Mexican Army in Chiapas

    Mexico has a reputation for respecting human rights that is less than
enviable. Mexico's reputation as a violator of human rights is not of recent
origin. To the contrary, this negative fame may be traced back a few decades.
n174 In recent years, a substantial increase in human rights violations has been
attracting the growing attention of Mexican and international entities alike who
are concerned with this alarming state of affairs.

    Just during the last decade, a considerable number of journalists from both
countries,  n175 governmental agencies from Mexico  n176 and the United States,
n177 international organizations (i.e. the Organization of American  [*28]
States and the International Red Cross) and non-governmental organizations
(NGOs) from Mexico and the United States, have made statements, sent delegations
to conduct direct investigations, or published reports alleging the systematic
commission of human rights violation throughout the Republic of Mexico.

    The overall impression to be deduced from the most recent reports on human
rights violations in Mexico published by both official  n178 and NGO's from
Mexico  n179 and the United States,  n180 is that torture and extrajudicial
killings by police and security forces, and rural violence are pervasive
problems. Such actions were also committed by the Mexican Army in Chiapas. The
unprecedented violence displayed by the Mexican Army to repress the Chiapas
uprising, especially during the first ten days of the conflict, generated an
immediate and growing concern among human rights activists both in Mexico and
the United States.  n181

    From a military viewpoint, the unexpected Chiapas rebellion represented not
only an embarrassment for the Mexican Army and the government of President
Salinas, but also a failure of its intelligence apPtus.  n182 As noted earlier,
the Secretary of the Interior  n183 and the Governor of the State of Chiapas,
were included among its very first casualties. Because of its stunning New
Year's Day offensive, which allowed the peasant army to control four towns for
twenty-four hours, an overhaul in the Mexican Army's  [*29]  military command,
and its mission, has been forecast.  n184 It is expected that the Army will
withdraw from its traditional roles of fighting drug traffickers and providing
welfare services and concentrate, instead, on counterinsurgency activities.
n185

    As soon as the Mexican Army moved into the zone initially controlled by the
rebels, including the towns of Morelia, Las Margaritas, El Corralito, Rancho del
Carmen de Maria, Altamirano, Ocosingo and, in particular, the city of San
Cristobal de las Casas, "a growing chorus of accusations of torture, beatings
and illegal arrests,"  n186 allegedly committed by the Army, were made by
relatives of the victims, priests, peasants, civilians, and human rights
organizations.

    The Mexican Army violated a number of Mexican laws as well as international
law conventions to which Mexico is a party, during the Chiapas rebellion. The
evidence of these violations derives from journalistic reports from Mexico and
the U.S., NGO reports, and the official reports of Mexico's National Commission
on Human Rights (CNDH).

    A most detailed report in Proceso, published on February 7, 1994, lists nine
different types of criminal and/or human rights offenses committed by "elements
of the Mexican Army" during the first weeks of the Chiapas conflict.  n187 Most
of the allegations made by Proceso have been backed up by the other sources,
including the official CNDH.  n188 However, some of the human rights and
criminal law incidents reported in Proceso, and in certain NGO's publications,
for example, were not reported in any of the CNDH's 1994, official reports.

    Based upon the consulted reports, the violations of the Mexican Army
committed against Mexican nationals, and in particular against indigenous
peoples in Chiapas, appear to be numerous and diverse. Rather than  [*30]
engaging in a detailed examination of each of the numerous violations allegedly
committed by the Mexican Army during the Chiapas conflict, this section only
addresses what may be characterized as the most egregious violations. These
violations received special attention in the 1994 Annual Report of the National
Commission and were discussed under the title: "Especially Important Cases."
n189

    In its 1994 Annual Report, the CNDH reported 274 human rights violations
affecting 889 persons (most of them indigenous peoples).  n190 Out of this
total, the Mexican Army is by far the worst offender with eighty-nine
complaints, followed by thirty-one against the EZLN, twelve against Mayors of
Chiapas' towns, and four against Mexico's Attorney General's Office.  n191

    Of the 274 total violations, the following 154 attract immediate attention
because of the egregiousness of the crimes: seventy-six cases of torture,
sixty-four homicides, ten cases involving illegal deprivation of freedom,  n192
and four aerial attacks.  n193

    The violations committed by elements of the Mexican Army and by certain
public authorities may be divided into the following two large categories: a)
specific violations of constitutional rights; and, b) violations of specific
statutes and codes, in particular the Federal Act to Prevent and Sanction
Torture and the Penal Code of the State of Chiapas.  n194

    A. Specific Violations to Constitutional Rights

    Chapter I of the Mexican Constitution contains an explicit enumeration of
constitutional rights. The listing of these "garantias individuales," ranges
from freedom from slavery, the right to a free education and legal equality for
men and women, to freedom of ideas, freedom from censorship, the right of
peaceful assembly, the right to have arms at home, and the right to travel
throughout the territory of Mexico without the need of a security card,  [*31]
passport, safe conduct or other similar requirements.  n195

    Regarding the Chiapas conflict, special attention should be given to a
number of constitutional rights which appeared to have been violated by elements
of the Mexican Army, as well as by certain government officials.

    1. Freedom of Transit and Freedom of Peaceful Assembly

    Since the beginning of the rebellion, the Mexican Army erected barricades
and military check-points, closing a number of public roads and highways in the
theater of military operations, thus suspending or impeding the traffic of
persons and vehicles.  n196

    Article 11 of Mexico's Constitution guarantees, as a constitutional right,
the "freedom to travel throughout the territory" of that country without having
to comply with any special transit requirements.  n197 The erection of road
blockades and military check-points by the Mexican Army in Chiapas is in clear
violation of this constitutional precept. For example, no civilians were allowed
to enter into the area demarcated by the Mexican Army as the theater of
hostilities. Even travelling near that area, or fleeing from it, led to
prolonged interrogation conducted by elements of the military.

    It has also been documented that military elements did not permit civilians
in towns or villages near the theater of military operations to publicly
assemble for any reason, despite the tenor of Article 9 of Mexico's
Constitution. This article provides that "The right to assemble or associate
peaceably for any lawful purpose cannot be restricted. . . ."  n198 The Mexican
Army, as well as municipal, state and federal authorities proceeded to disperse
any groups of people, using violence in most cases, and subjecting a number of
them to prolonged and sometimes brutal interrogations.

    These constitutional rights violations should not be taken lightly,
especially when the President decided not to suspend any constitutional rights
in the country as a result of the Chiapas rebellion.  n199 The deliberate  [*32]
decision not to invoke the regime of exception provided by Article 29 explicitly
recognizes that no violations to constitutional rights were to be tolerated.
Otherwise, the official statement that "Mexico continued to apply the full
panoply of the totality of its constitutional rights," as expressed by the
President of the CNDH,  n200 is but a myth.

    2. Violent Home Intrusions Without Search Warrants and Aerial Military
Attacks

    Articles 14 and 16 of Mexico's Constitution, modeled on the Constitution of
the United States, protect two of the most precious and fundamental rights in
that country. Article 14 provides: "No person shall be deprived of life,
liberty, property, possessions, or rights without a trial by a duly created
court in which the essential formalities of procedure are observed and in
conformity with laws enacted prior to the act."  n201

    Article 16 establishes:


    No one shall be molested in his person, family, domicile, papers, or
possessions except by virtue of a written order of the competent authority
stating the legal grounds and justification for the action taken. No order or
arrest or detention shall be issued against any person other than the competent
judicial authority. . . . The authority that implements a judicial order of
apprehension should place the accused under the judge's authority, without delay
and under his utmost strict responsibility. The contravention of this provision
shall be sanctioned by penal law . . . No accused person shall be held by the
Ministerio Publico (i.e. Public Prosecutor) longer than 48 hours, within which
period of time the accused must be freed or be placed under the competent
judicial authority. . . . Any abuse . . . shall be sanctioned by the applicable
penal law.  n202

    During the initial days of the Chiapas rebellion elements of the Mexican
Army and other public authorities violently intruded into private homes, not
only breaking and destroying possessions and assets but stealing money, objects
and other belongings  n203 without any "written order" of any "competent
authority," in blatant violation of the Mexican Constitution.

    In addition, the Mexican Army conducted sweeps in many cities, towns,
villages and hamlets which resulted in massive arrests,  n204 without the  [*33]
proper orders of detention or arrest being issued by competent judicial
authorities.  n205 Tim Golden reported such a sweep: "the troops surrounded
their neighborhood and began searching house to house [in the town of Oxchuc].
Alicia Lopez, a 28-year old woman with four children, said that her father,
Feliciano, 50, and her brother Eliseo, 27, were hauled away as the soldiers
rifled through the family's dirt-floor shack and that she had not seen or heard
from them since."  n206 Golden also noted: "three men were taken away with
thirty-six others who were arrested here that day . . . and have not been seen
since. . . . Soldiers have been accused of detaining suspected guerrillas
without due process, beating or torturing them and threatening their lives. At
least a handful of people captured by the Army are also said to have
disappeared."  n207

    The violence and arbitrariness of these actions moved Human Rights
Watch/Americas to write in a recent report:


    Most of the Army sweeps, some of which were conducted in conjunction with
officers of the PGR (i.e. Procuraduria General de la Republica, or Mexico's
District Attorney's Office) resulted in arbitrary arrests in violation of
international human rights norms. Many villagers were taken from their homes
without warrants or apparent probable cause to believe that they were involved
in the fighting . . . The CNDH reported that it had established that 131 persons
had been arrested. . . . The CNDH figures were based on court reports; they did
not include persons arrested by the army who either were released or were never
turned over to civilian authorities.  n208

    In its 1994 Annual Report, the CNDH acknowledged that 149 persons were
detained by the PGR or by the State's Attorney General's Office.  n209 Out of
this number, forty-one were criminally charged with federal offenses, and
forty-two with ordinary crimes. Of the forty-one charged with federal crimes,
only five remain in detention. The remaining thirty-six have been freed,
including one who was a minor, two who were found "unimputable," two more who
were put out of detention because "there were no sufficient elements to legally
charge them," fifteen who were freed on bail and sixteen whose criminal
proceedings were "dismissed" based on a recommendation of the CNDH.  n210

    As the official report of the CNDH implies, most of the charges  [*34]
formulated by the federal prosecutor were legally unfounded. In the case of
sixteen indigenous persons who had been accused of a number of "federal crimes,"
the charges were so unjust that the CNDH felt obligated to produce a
recommendation to the Attorney General himself to free them.  n211

    It remains to be seen whether the federal prosecutors who criminally charged
these 16 indigenous persons will be investigated for false incrimination or
whether any of these indigenous persons will be financially compensated by the
Mexican government for having been wrongly detained, accused and jailed. It is
also unclear whether any members of the Mexican Army will be investigated for
violating Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution.

    The military violated Article 14 by conducting aerial military attacks on
civilian towns and villages and thus arbitrarily depriving people of life,
property and possessions. Tod Robberson, of The Washington Post, reported:


    A diplomat [in San Cristobal de las Casas] said at least seven civilians
were killed by the military Wednesday outside Rancho del Carmen de Maria while
fleeing a group of guerrillas that had entered the village, about 20 miles
southeast of San Cristobal. The diplomat said that according to his interviews
with relatives of the dead civilians, Zapatistas had passed through the village
while attempting to flee into heavily wooded mountains ahead of an advancing
Army patrol. Frightened by the guerrillas' presence, the villagers fled down a
mountain path, where a military aircraft swooped down and strafed them, killing
seven.  n212

    B. Violations of the Federal Statute on Torture

    In Mexico, the use of torture and extra-judicial killings have been
wellknown and well-documented for several decades.  n213 While these acts have
taken place in connection with political elections and with the violence that
land disputes provoke in rural areas, torture and extrajudicial killings have
been more clearly identified and associated more regularly with cases involving
routine law enforcement practices and, in recent years, drug-related cases.
n214

    Members of the Federal Judicial Police,  n215 the State Judicial Police, the
so-called "Madrinas," and elements of the Mexican armed forces are the  [*35]
official actors who have been persistently associated with the commission of
these acts. Torture has been so widespread in Mexico that it has been
characterized as "endemic,"  n216 "systematic" and "chronic"  n217 by different
entities on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border.

    According to Amnesty International, methods of torture range


    from beatings to electric shocks to submerging the victim's head in water
until near-suffocation occurs. A widespread and unique method of torture
involves the introduction of mineral water laced with hot chili peppers into the
nasal passages of the victim. The placement of plastic bags over the victim's
head to the point of near-asphyxiation is another commonly employed form of
torture. Rape and sexual abuse have also been reported. Detainees have also
reported being blindfolded, stripped, and bound by the hands and feet and then
tied to wooden planks. . . . Pregnant women have reported being beaten in the
stomach. . . . Psychological torture is also common and takes the form of death
threats and mock executions. These methods of torture are widely employed and
are considered particularly effective in the eyes of law enforcement agents as
they leave no discernible physical marks.  n218

    It was not until 1992, that the administration of President Salinas decided
to enact a federal statute to prevent and punish torture,  n219 with the evident
purpose of curbing, and hopefully eliminating altogether, this pervasive
practice. Article 3 of this new statute defines the crime of torture as

    committed by a public servant who, taking advantage of his/her official
duties, inflicts pain or grave sufferings, whether physical or mental, to a
person, with the purpose of obtaining . . . information or a confession, or to
punish that person for an act committed . . . or to force [that person] to act,
or not act, in a certain way. . . .  n220

    Article 4 imposes a sanction of imprisonment ranging from three to twelve
years, a fine between 200 and 500 days of minimum salary and denies access to
public employment for twice as long as the term imposed by the convicting
sentence.  n221

    The statute provides, in Article 6, that the claim that there are
"exceptional situations such as internal political stability, urgency in the
investiga [*36]  tions or any other circumstance," are not exculpatory grounds
for liability for commission of the crime of torture.  n222 Furthermore, Article
10 provides that a person responsible for the commission of torture "is
obligated to cover the expenses of legal counselling, medical doctors, funeral,
rehabilitation or expenses of any other kind, incurred by the victim or his/her
relatives, as a consequence of the crime. In addition, [the perpetrator] is
obligated to repair the damage and to indemnify for the prejudices caused to the
victim, or his/her economic dependents," in cases involving "loss of life;
adverse health changes; loss of freedom; loss of economic income; labor
incapacity; loss of property or property damage, and adverse impact on
reputation."  n223 The final Pgraph of this article establishes that "the State
is jointly responsible [with the convicted perpetrator] for the rePtion of the
damage."  n224

    Probably the most recent and detailed description of the Army's torturing
methods was made by the weekly Mexico City publication Proceso: "Torturing
methods utilized by the Mexican soldiers included electric shocks to the
testicles, hoods loaded with hot chili powder to asphyxiate the victim, burns
inflicted with a lighter, skin cuts with knives and insertion of pins under the
fingernails."  n225 Tim Golden, from The New York Times, reported that

    On the morning of January 7, . . . hundreds of soldiers swept through the
modest shacks of the 183 families that live here [in Morelia], rounded up the
men and forced them to lie face down on the local basketball court with their
hands behind their heads. While one soldier shouted that the town belonged to
the rebel EZLN . . . other troops took three men to the office adjoining the
adobe church and tortured them, twisting their arms and dunking their heads into
a pail of liquid.  n226

    Amnesty International also reported on the military's torturing of
indigenous people. Morris Tidball-Binz, an investigator for Amnesty
International, after interviewing some of the seventy suspected rebels held in
the state prison, said: "The great majority of those jailed appear to have
suffered torture. . . . These people do not need an amnesty. . . . They need
access to proper trials, and most of them would be released."  n227

    In the section devoted to "especially important cases," the CNDH reports at
least six tragic incidents involving torture and extra-judicial killings  [*37]
resulting in the deaths of thirty-six indigenous persons.  n228

    Despite the mounting evidence asserting the direct involvement of members of
the Mexican Army in the commission of such violence, official agencies of the
government of Mexico, such as the PGR  n229 and the CNDH  n230 have
systematically denied any participation by elements of the Mexican Army.

    It has become evident that in politically sensitive cases (those affecting
the President of Mexico, the PGR or the Mexican Army) the CNDH has shown
political timidity to even suggest, let alone formally advance, charges against
any powerful political entities in Mexico.  n231

    Since President Salinas created the CNDH in 1990, and appointed its head, it
is not surprising that the CNDH deferred to President Salinas. This self-imposed
political limitation compromises the impartiality, objectivity and autonomy of
the CNDH.  n232

    IV. Respect for the Human Rights of Indigenous Peoples in Mexico

    A. The Colonial Period

    Indigenous peoples in Mexico have been subjected to a system of subjugation
and oppression since 1521, when the Spanish destroyed Tenochtitlan, the capital
of the Aztec empire. Reports of the atrocities committed by the Spanish army are
numerous and well documented, starting with the vivid descriptions written by
Bernal Diaz del Castillo, a soldier-reporter and  [*38]  historian who
accompanied Hernan Cortez in the conquest of Mexico.  n233 From the victims'
perspective, the works of the Mexica reporters, or Icnocuicatl, constitute the
oldest testimony to provide a unique insight into the spiritual and religious
reactions which the destruction and leveling of their beautiful city, and its
inhabitants, produced at the time.  n234

    During the colonial period (1521-1821), the oppression and exploitation of
indigenous peoples was placed at the center of the economic and political
system. The prevailing belief at the time was of the inferiority of the Indians,
who were conceived as having, in the words of a religious writer of the epoch,
"an inalienable right to be slaves."  n235 From a legal and philosophical
viewpoint, two schools of thought remained constant during this colonial period:
those who advanced the most extreme views against the indigenous peoples,
represented by Gines de Sepulveda, Solorzano Pereira and Tomas Ortiz, among
others.  n236 The central thesis of these authors is reflected by the ideas of
Solorzano, who wrote:

    God . . . wanted the Indians to be subjugated by the Spaniards and to be
deprived of their kingdoms because of their numerous sins. . . . The Indians,
because of their lack of intelligence, have to be subjected to the Spaniards as
provided by the Law of Nature, the Spaniards being the ones who will elevate
them to a life of rationality. . . .  n237

    The other school strongly defended the Indians, in the eloquent voices of
Francisco de Vitoria, Antonio de Montesinos and, especially, Fray Bartolome de
las Casas, who advocated that


    The Indians, as creatures of God, share in all human attributes . . . having
been endowed with intelligence. Because of this they are capable of having
religious thoughts, virtues, and the right to live as free persons within a
civil society and to own properties, to have laws and a legitimate government,
as they have practically proven even before the arrival of the Spaniards.  n238

    The Spanish government did not adopt a definite policy on this matter.
[*39]  Instead, its position fluctuated between these two extreme viewpoints,
favoring one or the other, as dictated by its own practical interests.  n239

    According to Silvio Zavala, when Alexander Von Humboldt visited New Spain at
the end of the colonial period, he discovered that the Indians constituted "a
sePte nation, privileged by law but humiliated by everyone, with no
communication with Spaniards or mestizos because of the laws."  n240

    However, the misery and abandonment of indigenous peoples that prevailed in
colonial Mexico for three centuries would become radically altered, at least in
theory, when Mexico acquired its independence in 1821.

    B. The Independence

    As a new republic, Mexico, inspired by the political and legal system of the
United States, and by the ideas of the French encyclopedists, promptly enacted
legislation which introduced the unprecedented notion of legal equality designed
to embrace all the new citizens of Mexico, whether they were criollos,  n241
mestizos, Africans, or Indians.  n242 However, this notion was nothing more than
a legal fiction.  n243

    The new notion of "legal equality" very soon started to produce negative
consequences for most indigenous peoples who started rapidly losing their
communal lands. Moreover, it has been suggested that this legal fiction was
designed simply to serve as a tool to consolidate the political and economic
power of the criollos. It has been advanced, for instance, that even those
heroes who fought for Mexico to gain its independence already had in mind a
system which was going to be created, and ruled, only by criollos, thus designed
to impose the criollo predominance over the indigenous peoples.  n244 Nahmad
claims that the indigenous peoples were left unprotected since the enforcement
of equality granted them by the law was left in the hands of the criollos.  n245

    Concerned about this dichotomy, Tadeo Ortiz, an eminent humanist, wrote in
1822:  [*40]


    I confess that I see no difference between the condition of the black slave
[in the United States] and that of the Indians in our haciendas. The slavery of
the first one is caused by the barbaric right of the strongest, whereas the
slavery of the Indians is caused by fraud, the malice of landowners and the
innocence of human beings almost incapable of free thinking. . . . And it is
amazing that the Indian population of New Spain has lost, instead of gaining, in
the Revolution of Independence, changing real privileges for abstract rights.
n246

    The legal equality granted to indigenous peoples in Mexico at the time of
its independence did not help improve the well-being of those authoctonous
groups economically, politically, culturally or legally. Philosophically, the
granting of that legal equality may represent a progressive development in the
legal system of the epoch, especially if compared with the meager rights the
colonial system recognized in favor of the Indians. However, that legal equality
turned out to be more symbolic, or aspirational, than practical, thus affirming
the premise that the "legal solution" contained in the law books by no means
corresponded to historic reality.  n247

    The enactment of the Nationalization Act of 1856, to nationalize vast
extensions of idle lands, produced catastrophic consequences among Indian
communities. It appears that the process of "privatization" of these lands,
rather than distributing the lands to individual owners, contributed to
consolidate the Mexican latifundio in rural areas. The acts of arbitrary
dispossession and other injustices committed on the Indians by criollos and
mestizos as a result of these enactments triggered numerous violent Indian
revolts in different parts of the country, especially in Chihuahua and Chiapas.
In turn, these rebellions led the government to enact further legislation in
order to pacify those "barbaric Indians" by the violent use of military force.
n248

    C. The Revolution and the 1917 Constitution

    In theory, the Revolution of 1910 embraced the goals and aspirations
advanced by the indigenous peoples of Mexico. In his Plan de San Luis Potosi,
n249 which formally marked the initiation of the Revolution, Francisco I. Madero
acknowledged that due to abuse of the law, "numerous small owners, most of them
Indians, have been disposed of their lands, either by  [*41]  means of
resolutions issued by the Ministry of Development, or by judgments rendered by
the courts of the Republic."  n250

    Another proclamation that advanced a rural program to favor indigenous
groups was the Plan de Ayala,  n251 enacted by Emiliano Zapata in the state of
Morelos on November 28, 1911. Claiming that "the immense majority of peoples and
Mexican citizens" have no land of their own, Zapata declared the right to
"expropriate these lands, hills and waters . . . through proper indemnification
to their powerful owners . . . so the peoples and citizens of Mexico can obtain
ejidos, colonies, public lands for villages or lands for agricultural work . . .
thus improving the prosperity and well-being of the Mexicans."  n252

    Section 6 of this Plan may have inspired the leaders of the EZLN to trigger
their armed rebellion in Chiapas. This section reads:


    SIXTH.- As an additional part of this Plan, we submit: that the lands, hills
and waters usurped by the hacendados, cientificos  n253 or caciques under the
shade of tyranny and venal justice, will be given immediate possession over
these immovable assets to the villages or citizens having the corresponding
titles over these properties, from which they have been disposssessed in bad
faith by our oppressors, maintaining in all instances, with the arms in our
hands, the said possession, and the usurpers claiming to have a right over said
properties will receive a judgment from the special courts to be established at
the triumph of the Revolution.  n254

    Mexico's Constitution of 1917, its first one of this century, must be
included among the most important consequences generated by the Revolution.
n255 However, most demands advanced by indigenous peoples were not specifically
addressed in the new legal instrument but were included in a general and oblique
manner. For instance, the right to possess land as a personal patrimony to be
used for agricultural purposes, which most authoctonous groups had
systematically advanced since colonial times, found only a brief and indirect
reference in Article 27 of the Constitution.  n256  [*42]  Thus, instead of
distributing the land to individual land owners, this Article granted "communal
lands to rural communities" in order to constitute collective ejidos. Yet, this
Constitution did not even mention the words "Indian" or "indigenous peoples," or
any similar reference to convey the idea that Mexico is composed of a variety of
authoctonous ethnic groups.

    Although the 1917 Constitution included the notion of "social rights,"  n257
it did not embrace indigenous peoples, as an ethnic minority group, within this
notion. The Mexican Constitution paid no attention to the territory occupied for
centuries by the different indigenous peoples when it recognized the
geographical boundaries of the twenty-nine States and two Territories referred
to by Article 43 of President Carranza's Constitutional Draft.  n258 Recently,
anthropologists in Mexico have pointed out that "there is no State in Mexico
whose formation responds to a criterion of ethnic identity of some indigenous
group."  n259 As a practical consequence, indigenous peoples in Mexico have no
political representation or in the Federal Congress, and almost none in the
State legislatures.  n260

    In sum, Mexico's Constitution of 1917 virtually ignored the existence of
indigenous peoples, their rights and their needs, both as individuals and as a
social group. In light of other constitutions in Latin America, in particular
those of Argentina of 1819,  n261 Guatemala of 1985,  n262 Nicaragua of  [*43]
1979,  n263 Panama of 1972,  n264 and Paraguay of 1967,  n265 which explicitly
recognize the existence and the special rights of indigenous groups, failure to
include such a provision in the Constitution of Mexico, the country in this
hemisphere with the largest authoctonous population, constitutes a Pdoxical and
painful omission.  n266

    V. Indigenous Peoples and the Mexican Legal System

    A. Mexico's Official Indigenous Policy

    Despite the lack of an explicit reference to the rights of indigenous
peoples in its 1917 Constitution, Mexico has been recognized as a country who
first developed a national policy towards its indigenous peoples. As part of
Latin America, Mexico has been characterized as "a pioneer in the promotion of a
continental indigenous policy."  n267

    In 1948, the government of Mexico created a National Indigenous  [*44]
Institute  n268 empowering it as the official organ to design and apply the
indigenous policy in the country. However, it was not until 1992, when President
Salinas de Gortari, in response to demands advanced by indigenous groups and
mounting political pressure, amended Article 4 of the Constitution, to add the
following initial Pgraph:

    The Mexican nation has a pluriethnic composition originally based on its
indigenous peoples. The law shall protect and promote the development of their
languages, cultures, uses, customs, resources and specific forms of social
organization, guaranteeing to their individual members an effective access to
the jurisdiction of the State. In the agrarian suits and proceedings in which
those members are a party, their legal practices and customs shall be taken into
account in the terms established by the law.  n269

    The addition of this Pgraph, at the time, was deemed a resounding political
success for the Salinas administration and the PRI. In the history of the
country, President Salinas was the first president to acknowledge the importance
of indigenous peoples in the life of the nation, officially recognizing Mexico
as a "pluriethnic society." The Mexican amendment appears to have taken part of
its wording from the Constitution of Guatemala of 1985.  n270

    Despite the recent change to the Constitution, the indigenous peoples of
Mexico continue to wait for the enactment of domestic legislation which will
detail their rights, both as individuals and as members of a number of ethnic
minorities, regarding their own territory, language, culture, religion, justice
system, economic base, and form of government.  n271 The first formal request
for this legislation was made at "First Congress of the National Council of
Indigenous Peoples," in 1975.  n272

    Partly because of the absence of such a legislation, and partly because of
the official legal equality recognized in favor of indigenous peoples, there is
no definition of what an "Indian person" is, or should be, under Mexican law.
Mexico considers that since all Mexican nationals are the same before the eyes
of the law, the law does not need to discriminate between Mexicans  [*45]  for
any reason, whether because they are poor or rich, young or old, Indian or
mestizos.

    The lack of a legal definition of an "Indian person" has had adverse effects
upon indigenous peoples. For example, there is no accurate or current
information regarding the number and types of indigenous peoples who live in
Mexico. This lack of information has provoked a controversy among
anthropologists, sociologists, attorneys, indigenous leaders and government
officials, especially regarding the methodology that should be used to identify
and define each of the current ethnic groups.  n273 The National Indigenous
Institute (INI) recognizes fifty-six different ethnic groups in Mexico.  n274

    Given the drastic and painful inequalities that have prevailed in Mexico
since early this century between the Indians and the mestizos, it is
unquestionable that a new official indigenous policy is urgently needed today.
However, no new official policy is likely to succeed unless it is based upon a
new philosophy that recognizes the uniqueness of the value system of Mexico's
indigenous peoples, acknowledges the vast and unfair treatment of Indians which
reinforced the gulf of legal, social, economic, cultural and political factors
between Indians and mestizos, and provides for an educational program to
enlighten mestizo Mexicans about the value and uniqueness of their Indian
co-nationals.

    B. Education and Culture of Indigenous Peoples

    Probably, the areas where Mexico has focused the most regarding indigenous
peoples are education and culture. Both are under the jurisdiction of the
Secretariat of Public Education. Soon after the promulgation of the 1917
Constitution, the government of Mexico put in place a "Policy of Assimilation of
Indian Communities." Initiated in 1917, this program formally lasted until the
1950s. Its official objective was to "incorporate the indigenous nucleus into
the Mexican nationality."  n275

    The "assimilation policy" was implemented through two approaches. In its
early stage, the policy attempted to incorporate Indian children into the
mainstream of Mexico's socio-economic and cultural life merely by teaching them
Spanish.  n276 Indian children had to go to schools and follow the regular
academic program designed by mestizo bureaucrats to educate mestizo  [*46]
children, regardless of their Indian language or culture. Legally, Indian
children were considered to be exactly the same as the mestizo children and,
given the equality dictated by the law, teachers felt at the time that it was
not only unnecessary, but even improper, to treat Indian children differently
from the mestizo children. The second, later approach was more flexible. The
Indian children were first educated in their own language, during the six years
of elementary school. Subsequent studies (if any) were imparted in Spanish only.
n277

    The policy of "assimilation" was criticized by educators and
anthropologists, who have suggested since the 1970s that the government abandon
that policy and adopt a "Bilingual-Bicultural Education" policy based upon the
notion of "ethnic development."  n278 The objectives of this trend, which
influenced the current official policy towards indigenous peoples, include:
recognition of Mexico as a pluri-ethnic nation; respect for indigenous languages
and culture; strengthening of bilingual education during the elementary school
cycle; and, development of academic programs and activities based on the ethnic
components of a given Indian community. All this was to be accomplished without
minimizing the importance of the Spanish language and the value of the concept
of a Mexican national culture. However, "BilingualBicultural Education" is not
yet contained in any legislation.  n279

    C. Agrarian Law and Indigenous Peoples

    As noted earlier, Article 27 of the 1917 Constitution by no means resolved
those land disputes within rural communities.  n280 Article 27 laid down novel
legal principles, among them the ejido and the right of rural communities to
possess land for agricultural and other commercial purposes, as guiding
principles upon which to build a legal system devoted to the distribution of
land in a fair and equitable manner. In essence, Article 27 established the
foundation which would eventually lead to an elaborate body of administrative
law involving rural questions, now known in Mexico as "Agrarian Law."  n281
[*47]

    Problems associated with the holding and distribution of land were included
among the major causes of the 1910 Revolution. In the southern States of Chiapas
and Oaxaca, similar land problems continue today.  n282

    The treatment and control of these rural problems has tended to be more
political than legal, resulting in a series of a chronic and violent
confrontations during which caciques, ranchers and sometimes even public
authorities have displayed a pattern of abusive behavior in violation of the
constitutional and human rights of indigenous peoples. These abusive practices
have been so egregious that, in recent years, they have attracted widespread
attention from Mexican  n283 and international observers, particularly from NGOs
in the United States.  n284

    Under Agrarian Law, Mexican nationals, but in particular indigenous peoples
and rural communities, have a constitutional right to obtain lands from the
government by means of "restitution" or ejidos.  n285 However, numerous land
problems continue to plague indigenous communities. First, not all campesinos
who have the legal right to a piece of land, and who have already applied for
said lands, have received them.  n286 Second, although ejidos in theory are
communal lands for the collective use of a rural community, numerous ejidos have
been appropriated by individual ejidatarios. This  [*48]  common irregularity
has created severe problems within rural communities, deeply straining the
relations between the affected ejidatarios.  n287

    A third problem derives from an arbitrary and illegal practice: a
substantial number of ejidos have been allocated to individual owners by the
Board of Directors who legally control the ejido. This allocation usually
applies to the best lands, thus creating violent disputes among ejidatarios.
n288 Finally, the administrative process established by Agrarian Law for the
granting of lands to indigenous communities (i.e. "restitution of lands") is
quite long and bureaucratic, taking some 15 years to be completed. As a result,
when the lands are finally granted, the community that receives them is very
different demographically. This chronological gap often creates severe problems
between older and younger ejidatarios.  n289

    Not surprisingly, the most volatile problem is when the ejidatarios, tired
of waiting to obtain their lands and discouraged by official redtape, unanswered
petitions, arbitrary acts by landowners and corruption, turn to violent and
illegal means and "invade" lands in the vicinity physically possessed or legally
owned by others. This triggers violent reactions from caciques and rancheros
(i.e. cattle and plantation landowners).  n290 These confrontations, which take
place frequently in Chiapas and Oaxaca, often result in violence against the
Indians by landowners whose lands were invaded,  n291 or in the detention and
criminal prosecution of Indians.  n292

    Since 1929, the Confederacion Nacional Campesina (National Peasant
Confederation, or CNC) has been the PRI's rural arm in Mexico. The CNC plays a
decisive role not only in electing the representatives in the Comisariados
ejidales and the Comisariados de Bienes Comunales, whose intervention is
essential in land reform allocation and restitution pursuant to Mexican Agrarian
Law, but in mobilizing people for elections. The CNC mobilizes peasants and
other members of rural communities to participate in the elections of municipal
mayors, state governors, local legislators, federal deputies, and senators, and
the president.  n293  [*49]

    However, during the last two decades, indigenous peoples in Chiapas and
Oaxaca, probably disillusioned with the failed promises made by the PRI to
resolve chronic land problems, started creating rural organizations to support
their land demands and to politically advance their cause.  n294 These political
associations arrange for campesinos with no lands to have access to rural lands
in order to improve their labor conditions and raise their salaries.  n295 To
pursue their ends, these associations organize protests, marches and
demonstrations, as well as illegal invasions of lands which usually lead to
violent acts, including insults, rampage, thefts, battery and even murder.  n296

    The increasing number of violent acts committed by activists from these
organizations has resulted in a gradual escalation of the degree of violence
utilized by CNC members, ranchers and their guardias blancas, as well as state
and federal authorities, to repel these acts in the states of Chiapas and
Oaxaca, during the last fifteen years.  n297 As a consequence, leaders and
activists from these organizations have complained that they have been subjected
to numerous constitutional and human rights violations, such as harassment,
intimidation, death threats, summary executions, disappearances, and torture at
the hands of individuals who control the political, socioeconomic, and legal
institutions in that part of Mexico.  n298 These charges have been documented by
Amnesty International in two memoranda, one submitted in 1984 to the
then-President Miguel de la Madrid Hurtado,  n299 and the other to high
officials of the government of Mexico at the federal and  [*50]  state levels in
1985.  n300

    D. Contemporary "Mexican Ethnic Law"

    Mexico's civil legislation is contained in its Civil Code  n301 and it
applies to all Mexicans, regardless of their ethnic origin.  n302 However,
numerous indigenous peoples continue to regulate social relations within their
communities in accordance with traditional rules and norms, which form a special
type of customary law,  n303 an unwritten law solely based upon custom and
tradition.  n304

    Anthropologists and social workers have documented that most ethnic groups
in Mexico live by their own traditional rules and principles regarding marriage,
adoption, treatment of children, adultery, inheritance, contractual
arrangements, property, possession, etc.  n305 However, Mexico's contemporary
legal system has not provided for institutional mechanisms which would allow the
application of indigenous customary law to specific cases involving members of
ethnic groups.  n306 Public authorities in Mexico apply the law which is
contained in official legal enactments to all Mexican nationals without making
distinctions based on ethnic origin. Therefore, indigenous  [*51]  customary law
or "Mexican Ethnic Law" is not officially recognized.

    "Mexican Ethnic Law" can be defined as customary law created and derived
from the culture and value system characteristic of a given ethnic community and
is applied by certain indigenous peoples to regulate their social, economic, and
cultural relations within that community. Anthropologists recognized that the
existence and application of this "Mexican Ethnic Law" does not center
exclusively on civil law but that it embraces other areas as well, such as penal
and labor law.  n307 Furthermore, this customary law has developed institutions
for conflict resolution and justice within certain ethnic communities.  n308
Generally, these mechanisms for conflict resolution are based upon an evaluation
of the case and a decision rendered by a group of elderly or wise men, endowed
with both civil and religious authority.  n309

    Despite the fact that the existence of these peculiar but intriguing forms
of Mexican Ethnic Law have been acknowledged virtually since the Spaniards
arrived at what is now Mexico in 1519, very little research has been conducted
in this field in recent times. Most modern works have been devoted to describing
ancient "Mexican Ethnic Law," namely, the basic rules and principles of
indigenous customary law as they were practiced by indigenous groups prior to
the conquest of Mexico in 1521.

    For instance, early this century, a number of eminent Mexican jurists
continued the nationalist trend initiated in Colonial times by chronists and
priests  n310 to document and revive interest in "Mexican Pre-Colonial Law"
(Derecho Precolonial Mexicano). This academic effort to document the history of
Mexican Law was led by Jacinto Pallares,  n311 Toribio Esquivel Obregon  n312
and Lucio Mendieta y Nunez.  n313 However, contemporary  [*52]  Mexican legal
scholars have not shown the same interest in studying the content, institutions,
and application of current Mexican Ethnic Law. Legal literature in this field is
greatly needed and it should be produced throughout Mexico.  n314

    VI. United States-Mexico Relations

    Traditionally, diplomatic relations between the United States and Mexico
have been sensitive and complicated. The origin of this sensitivity may be
traced back to the war between these nations, which brought disastrous
territorial and emotional consequences to Mexico. The military confrontation of
1846-48 has been characterized as a most arbitrary and unjust war, a clear
interventionist policy designed by the United States with the exclusive purpose
of severing from Mexico more than half of its vast but unpopulated territories,
including the lands which later became the states of California, Arizona, New
Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, and Utah.  n315

    Despite the relatively long time that has elapsed since then, the traumatic
consequences of that tragic war profoundly influenced, and sometimes even
dictated, the bilateral policy that Los Pinos and Tlatelolco maintained with the
U.S. during the last 140 years. The complicated nature of the relationship of
Mexico with the United States does not originate exclusively from historic
sources. Geographical contiguity, which fosters and facilitates growing
interaction between the two nations, and the increasing economic importance of
the relations between them, principally those associated with trade, investments
and business, no doubt contribute to this complexity.

    However, the administration of President Salinas de Gortari undertook a
vigorous effort not only to change this traditional and long-held policy towards
the United States, but to profoundly modernize his country in key areas of the
social, economic, political and legal arenas.

    Probably because of Mexico's keen sensitivity to foreign interference in its
domestic affairs, especially when it comes from its northern neighbor, the
government of the United States has customarily maintained a very low official
profile in evaluating Mexico's human rights record. This low-key approach has
produced some frustration among NGOs in this country. Human Rights Watch, for
example, has charged that "The United States  [*53]  has a long-standing policy
of ignoring human rights violations occurring in Mexico."  n316 The rationale
behind this policy is thought to be based on the security, business and
investment interests the U.S. has at stake in Mexico.  n317

    Also, during the legislative process to appropriate funds to Mexico in the
form of foreign aid or technical assistance, for instance, neither the
Executive, nor the U.S. Congress tend to recognize the existence of any human
rights concerns. This is done notwithstanding that U.S. domestic legislation
prohibits the granting of military or economic assistance to foreign nations
which engage in a "consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally
recognized human rights."  n318

    However, the "U.S. Department of State 1993 Human Rights Report" (published
in 1994), contains the following comment on Mexico:


    In 1993 there continued to be widespread human rights abuses and a frequent
failure to punish violators despite [Mexico's] government efforts to do so.
Important abuses included extrajudicial killings by the police, torture, illegal
arrests, glaring prison deficiencies, and extensive illegal child labor in the
informal economy. The Mexican government has made strong efforts to end the
"culture of impunity" surrounding the security forces through reforms in the
Office of the Attorney General (PGR), continued support to the National
Commission for Human Rights (CNDH), and establishment in 1993 of state-level
commissions for human rights. These actions together with increased public
awareness of human rights concerns have brought about a noticeable decline in
the incidence of violations in Mexico.  n319

    The reasons for the U.S. government to maintain this policy vis-a-vis Mexico
may not be as Pdoxical as it may appear. The U.S. maintained similar policies
regarding Chile during the Pinochet regime,  n320 the Somoza government in
Nicaragua,  n321 and maintains a similar policy regarding the People's Republic
of China today.  n322

    Some valid arguments may support this U.S. policy. First, this may be
attributable to the unprecedented good relations which currently exist between
[*54]  the two countries. In the words of Alexander F. Watson, Assistant
Secretary of State, "never before in history has the United States enjoyed
better relations with its neighbor to the south and third largest trading
partner."  n323 Second, the volume of U.S. trade investment, and business with
Mexico grows substantially every year, and is likely to expand even further
because of NAFTA.  n324 Third, Mexico continues to show a high degree of
commitment in the fight against drugs, in close coordination with the U.S.  n325
And, finally, there is no question that, in the eyes of the government of the
United States, Mexico is legitimately engaged in a strong and permanent campaign
to eradicate human rights violations.  n326

    The Salinas administration's efforts in favor of human rights are
illustrated in the following sections.

    A. Changes in Governmental Agencies

    These changes are taking place at the federal, state and local levels.  n327
Federally, President Salinas has transformed the administrative structure and
functions of the Attorney General's Office (Procuraduria General de la Republica
or PGR), empowered to prosecute and investigate federal crimes, notably those
which are drug related.  n328

    For a number of years, the prosecution and investigation of certain crimes,
in particular those associated with drugs, conducted by Mexico's federal
judicial police, have been a constant source of human rights violations. As
stated in a recent report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of
Representatives:


    Chief among our human rights concerns in Mexico is mistreatment of detainees
by Mexican police, particularly the Mexican Federal Judicial Police, or the
MFJP. The MFJP is the investigative arm of the Attorney General's Office and has
traditionally enjoyed considerable immunity from prosecution for its human
rights abuses. Furthermore, members of the  [*55]  MFJP often employ what are
called madrinas, or private agents to assist them in their investigations.
Because there are no legal provisions governing their existence, the madrinas
are even further beyond the reach of the law.  n329

    The changes introduced in the Attorney General's Office, and in criminal
procedure law, are progressive measures to do away with human rights violations
and with the impunity traditionally enjoyed by the agents of the MFJP. The
amendments to the Penal Code and to the Code of Penal Procedure were formally
initiated in 1989,  n330 in a legislative process which has continued until
today.  n331 Most of the procedural amendments introduced by President Salinas
closely Pllel the constitutional guarantees and other protections provided to
criminal defendants in the United States.  n332 Substantially, these procedural
changes were made to expedite the rendering of penal justice, as well as to
protect the fundamental rights of any person accused of a crime.  n333

    Probably the most significant change in penal proceedings introduced by
these amendments consists in not relying solely upon the confession of the
accused as the only means to determine his or her guilt. Other probative
elements must be utilized in criminal proceedings now. The Judicial Police has
been legally deprived of what used to be its most feared function: to hear the
confession of the accused. A new provision in the Code dictates that any
confessions rendered to the Judicial Police have no probative value and are null
and void.  n334

    The following are now considered to be fundamental rights of the accused:
(1) legal counsel should assist the accused (el inculpado) from the beginning to
the end of penal proceedings; (2) the accused has the right to  [*56]  be
assisted by legal counsel when rendering a declaration; (3) legal counsel has
the right to challenge any improper or legally unauthorized questions to be
answered by the accused; (4) the accused has the right to know the criminal
charges filed against him/her, as well as the name of the accuser, if any; (5)
the accused has the right to contact any person immediately, and with his/her
legal counsel; (6) to this effect, a telephone, or other adequate means, should
be made available to the accused; (7) the defense counsel has the right to know
the nature and the specific type of criminal charges filed against the accused;
(8) the accused has the right to keep silent and not to incriminate him/herself;
(9) a confession which does not comply with the "formalities established by the
law" may not be utilized at all; such formalities include, inter alia, that the
declaration should be rendered in the presence of the defense counsel or of a
person trusted (persona de confianza) by the accused.  n335

    In sum, the changes in governmental agencies, coupled with the profound
transformation that is taking place in the Mexican legal system in areas
associated with the protection of fundamental rights, have contributed to create
a new climate that favors a modern and more expeditious system of justice,
sanctions abusive practices of authorities (in particular those of the Judicial
Police), and implements an enhanced respect of and recognition for human rights.

    B. Legislative Changes

    President Salinas de Gortari has initiated a profound legal transformation
of his country's legal system.  n336 In the human rights area, those changes
started at the highest level: by amending Mexico's 1917 Constitution.  n337

    Article 4 of the Constitution was amended, as indicated earlier,  n338 in
order to recognize the existence of human rights in favor of the indigenous
peoples. Articles 18 through 22 were also modified to expand the constitutional
rights of accused persons in criminal proceedings,  n339 including the  [*57]
investigations and interrogatories conducted by the police.  n340

    Other constitutional amendments with human rights consequences were made
also to Articles 3, 31, 27, and 131. The changes to the first two articles
enlarged the authority of the state in the area of public education.  n341
Article 27 drastically transformed the ancient land institution of the ejido,
legally allowing ejidatarios to hold individual title in ejidos and to transfer
and alienate them.  n342 Article 130 was amended to "modernize"  n343 the
relations between church and state, which had been a delicate question since the
enactment of the Leyes de Reforma. Mexico now recognizes legal personality of
churches; the right of religious associations to acquire real estate; the
constitutional right of churches to conduct external religious ceremonies;
non-religious education in public schools; a special personal legal status for
religious ministers; and, the application of civil provisions to these matters.
n344

    Federal and State codes of penal procedure,  n345 as well as penal codes,
n346 have been also changed to put them in symmetry with the new constitutional
provisions. Most of the improvements introduced by these amendments, designed to
guarantee the constitutional rights to the accused and to provide them due
process, appear to have been inspired by U.S. law.  n347 Furthermore, most of
these procedural changes were formulated  [*58]  and proposed to interested
parties in Mexico, such as attorneys, legislators and the CNDH, by certain NGOs
from the United States, in particular the Minnesota Lawyers International Human
Rights Committee and Amnesty International U.S.A.  n348

    C. Conventional International Law

    In conjunction with its foreign policy, the government of Mexico has adhered
to the most important international human rights conventions, both at the
universal and regional levels. However, actions of the Mexican Army during the
Chiapas rebellion violated many of these conventions. These actions appear to be
in contravention of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights;  n349 the
International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights;  n350 the
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights;  n351 the American
Convention on Human Rights;  n352 the Convention Against Torture  [*59]  and
Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment;  n353 the
Inter-American Convention to Prevent and Punish Torture;  n354 the Convention of
Rights and Duties of States in the Event of Civil Strife;  n355 and the
International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial
Discrimination.  n356

    D. Creation of the National Commission of Human Rights

    As a corollary to this comprehensive effort, in June 1990, the President of
Mexico created the National Commission of Human Rights (CNDH).  n357
Furthermore, based upon another amendment to the Constitution,  n358 it is now
obligatory for every state in the Republic of Mexico, and for the Federal
District, to create state commissions to guarantee the respect and promotion of
human rights within their respective jurisdictions. In its 1993 Report, the U.S.
State Department points out that these state commissions, which became
operational in 1993, were established "by legislation, not executive order."
n359

    In a ceremony to commemorate the CNDH's fourth anniversary in early June of
1994, President Salinas said:


    During these years, Mexicans have undertaken a joint effort towards a better
protection and defense of human rights, a task which is still unfinished.
Because of this, we support with factual deeds the performance of the National
Commission of Human Rights and, at the same time, we shall endeavor to make more
efficient the work of the organs which impart justice.  n360  [*60]


    There is no doubt that the U.S. government could harden its policy towards
Mexico on human rights questions, as it is being advocated by some of its
critics.  n361 However, the key question is whether this change of the U.S.
policy is likely to produce the desired results in Mexico: namely, a consistent
and institutional improvement in the overall protection of human rights. Human
rights violations are among the most sensitive issues on the agenda of the
government of Mexico. Because of its grave legal and political implications, the
mere existence of this problem has not been officially recognized until most
recently.  n362

    In an article in Mexico City's daily El Nacional, Mariclaire Acosta, the
President of the Mexican Commission for the Defense and Promotion of Human
Rights, asserted that the Salinas administration is "the first one to recognize
that this [persistent violation of human rights] is a grave problem."  n363
Previous administrations did not acknowledge the existence of this problem,
recognizing it only as minor and sporadic, notwithstanding the voluminous number
of cases and incontrovertible evidence accumulated by NGOs.  n364

    The intense controversy the negotiating process and final approval of NAFTA
generated in the United States and Canada, was a key factor in the emergence,
presence, and visibility of human rights, as a public topic. Had it not been for
NAFTA, the question of human rights in Mexico would have taken considerably
longer to make its public entry into that country's legal, political and
cultural landscape.

    A number of reasons explain why the Salinas administration officially
recognized the importance of human rights in Mexico. Both domestic, as well as
external, factors contributed to this recognition.  n365 Domestically, this
recognition came as a result of the "crisis of legitimacy" that his government
confronted since its inauguration on December 1, 1988.  n366  [*61]

    Externally, the Salinas administration was virtually compelled to develop a
"positive international image" for Mexico, indispensable to guarantee success in
concluding NAFTA with the United States and Canada.  n367 For example, the
creation of the National Commission of Human Rights in Mexico City, in June of
1990, took place around the time when serious human rights violations of
international consequences had been alleged,  n368 as well as the presentation
of America's Watch book Human Rights in Mexico: A Policy of Impunity.

    The official U.S. policy with respect to human rights in Mexico has been
deliberately timid and discreet. This policy centers upon a relationship of
respect and non-U.S. intervention in Mexico's internal affairs, especially now
that closeness, cooperation and cordiality tend to predominate in these
bilateral interactions. If U.S. policy is hardened it is likely to have adverse
effects on United States-Mexico relations and be counterproductive.

    It is only logical, then, that the United States should adhere to a policy
that fully respects the will of the Mexican people regarding human rights in
their country. Now that the government of Mexico, and especially the Mexicans,
are interested in the protection and dissemination of human rights, the U.S.
should provide whatever encouragement and support are needed for this trend to
continue.

    At the non-official level, both individuals and institutions in this
country, in particular NGOs and academicians, should be ready and willing to
provide any needed information, assistance and cooperation to their counterparts
in Mexico to enhance and strengthen the human rights cause.

    In early June, the National Commission of Human Rights produced a report on
the allegations of human rights violations committed as a result of the Chiapas
conflict. In its recommendations, the CNDH expressly recognized that members of
the Mexican Army, as well as public servants of the Attorney General's Office
"physically mistreated" at least fifteen persons in Ocosingo, Chiapas, "denying
them food and water," and charging them falsely.  n369 On the question of
massive expulsion of indigenous peoples, the  [*62]  CNDH states:

    The problem of expulsions has not been resolved after almost twenty years
[have passed] since the first massive expulsion of Indians in San Juan Chamula
in 1974 was recorded, and after almost four years since the CNDH received the
first complaint . . . it is estimated that more than 15,000 Indians (although
some estimates surpass 25,000) have been expelled from their locales and
municipalities over the last 20 years, most of them in the municipality of San
Juan Chamula Chiapas. . . . Expulsions are generally backed with physical and
moral violence, jailing of men, women and children, raping of women, battery in
front of the community (including the total undressing of women), plunder,
destruction and burning of houses, and humiliations, among other mistreatments.
The complainant pointed out to the municipal authorities as responsible for
these violations, specifically the mayor of the village [Presidente municipal],
the judge and the members of the city council Regidores.  n370

    Conclusion

    The range of contrasting interpretations of the Chiapas rebellion, most
filled with emotional intensity, may be characterized as one of the most
fascinating reflections of Mexico's modern schizophrenic personality. Some
Mexicans were in favor of a military wipe-out, leading to the "complete
annihilation" of the rebel forces, while few others favored a more rational
approach. Whether on the side of emotion or rationality, the conflict of Chiapas
placed on the negotiating table of Mexico's public opinion--for the first time
in Mexican history--of the contrasting differences between indigenous peoples
and mestizos, or probably more directly, the gulf between poor and wealthy
Mexicans.

    Philosophically, the rebellion in Chiapas touched upon one of the most
hidden secrets that has been living in Mexico since times immemorial times: a
pervasive racial discrimination directed against its own indigenous peoples.
There is no doubt the fifty-six ethnic groups that have managed to survive in
Mexico have suffered a constant but silent discrimination in cultural, legal,
political, and economic sense. Today, it is becoming evident that the origin of
this discrimination may be traced to racial considerations. The recent amendment
to Article 4 of Mexico's 1917 Constitution, recognizing that  [*63]  country's
"pluriethnic composition" constitutes a small step in the right direction.
However, despite the fact that this constitutional change was made three years
ago, the corresponding federal statute needed to implement it at the domestic
legal and judicial levels has not yet been enacted.

    The Chiapas rebellion brought to the national attention of Mexico, albeit
temporarily, the delicate and controversial question of whether the indigenous
peoples have a right to their autonomy. In a recent essay on this question, the
eminent philosopher Luis Villoro wrote:


    Since the 16th century, for creoles and mestizos, indigenous peoples have
been outcasts; outcasts, judged and manipulated for their exploitation or . . .
for their redemption. It is we, the Non-Indians, who decide for them. It is we
who utilize them, but also who imagine we are saving them. The marginality of
the indigenous peoples is the work of the Non-Indians, but also the result of
that indigenous-oriented policy that would help them be liberated . . . . The
true liberation of the Indian is to recognize him as a subject, whose fate is in
his own hands; a subject capable of judging us according to his own values, as
we have always judged him; a subject capable of exercising his liberty without
restraints, as we demand to exercise it. To be a complete subject is to be
autonomous. The so-called "Indian problem" has one solution only: the
recognition of the autonomy of the indigenous peoples.  n371

    The slow but gradual recognition of the "pluriethnic composition" of Mexico,
likely to be accelerated by the enactment of the domestic legislation to
implement the change in Article 4 of its Constitution, as well as by the
constant progress being made in human rights, is expected to bring about a
stronger delineation of a new type of Mexican law generated in response to those
specific cultural values and distinct interests characteristic of indigenous
peoples. This special kind of a law, probably a hybrid combining customary and
positive law with indigenous and mestizo legal notions, may be known as "Mexican
Ethnic Law."

    From the human rights perspective, the Chiapas rebellion left a tragic trail
of violations. These violations were committed by members of the EZLN and by
elements of the Mexican Army, and by public officials at the federal, state and
local levels. Virtually nothing has been said about violations committed by
members of the EZLN, especially since President Salinas enacted in early 1994 a
federal statute granting a general amnesty to those civilians involved in the
conflict.

    However, the situation is quite different regarding the crimes and human
rights violations committed by elements of the Mexican Army, and certain public
officials. These crimes and violations consist of (1) direct bombing of civilian
towns and villages; (2) illegal detention of persons; (3) arbitrary searches and
seizures of private homes; (4) abuses of authority; (5) intimidation and
threats; (6) torture; (7) disappearance of persons; (8) homicide of  [*64]
civilians; and (9) summary executions. Numerous human rights organizations
within and outside Mexico are following very closely any developments associated
with the handling of these crimes and violations. The reason is simple: the
final outcome in these cases will offer a clear indication of whether the
government of Mexico is legitimately committed to the protection of human
rights.

    The manner in which the CNDH conducted some of its investigations, in
particular those involving the Mexican Army, the National Secretariat of the
Defense (Sedena) and the Attorney General's Office (PGR), raise some questions
about the Commission's independence and impartiality. It should be pointed out
that this is not the first time that the CNDH's impartiality has been
questioned.

    However, considering the decisive role the CNDH plays in sustaining and
advancing the cause of human rights within and outside Mexico. In particular in
Latin America, special efforts must be made to administratively restructure the
National Commission, so its impartiality and political independence are
guaranteed. Securing the CNDH's impartiality and independence, probably by
shielding its functions from the Executive (including the appointment of its
director), may be necessary to endow the CNDH with the power and respect
required to better promote the cause of human rights in Mexico.

    A growing number of NGOs from the United States such as Amnesty
International, the Human Rights Watch/Americas, the Center for Human Rights and
Constitutional Law, and the Minnesota Lawyers Association, to mention a few,
should continue to actively participate in the shaping and sharing of human
rights in Mexico.  n372 More importantly, it is expected that these and other
entities will endeavor to provide their sustained advice and guidance for the
benefit and proliferation of similar organizations in Mexico, particularly those
interested in the dissemination, promotion and strengthening of this noble
cause.

    In his last State of the Union Report, on November 1, 1994, President
Salinas recognized that:


    The conflict has not been resolved, it has been contained. The cease-fire is
still on, the violence has been halted and the intention to internationalize the
conflict was dashed. The Chiapas electoral process was held throughout the
State, and advancements have been made in the resolution of the basic problems.
I issue here, before the Nation, a new call for a dialogue to negotiate terms to
convert the conflict into a program of solutions based on respect, civility and
progress. This is what the Mexicans want. Until the end of my mandate, I shall
continue to promote a dignified peace for that  [*65]  region in Chiapas.  n373

    How is the Chiapas conflict going to be resolved? Political pundits suggest
that the new President of Mexico, Dr. Zedillo, is to appoint a new Commissioner
for Peace and Reconciliation. Much depends upon the professional and political
qualifications of the new Commissioner. Furthermore, it appears that the
"solution" to the Chiapas conflict will consist of a continued outpouring of
federal funds to the State of Chiapas under the Solidarity Program, expected to
be continued by President Zedillo.  n374

    The conflict of Chiapas is far from being resolved. No quick solution will
remedy a complex and delicate problem that decades, if not centuries, of apathy
and neglect gradually created. The risk of not finding a prompt and fair
solution to the predicament in Chiapas opens the frightening possibility that
this type of conflict will spread to other economically depressed areas in
Mexico that have been culturally ignored and politically abandoned.

    More than a socio-political phenomenon, Chiapas must be considered as a
lesson. A lesson to all Mexicans, but especially to the political rulers and to
the economically affluent. A lesson that speaks of justice and democracy, values
ethnic and cultural diversity and, above all, promotes human rights and advances
the cause for a better distribution of wealth on a national scale within the
Mexican society.

    Respect for indigenous peoples must embrace their culture, language,
religion, usages and traditions, including their own customary law and their own
system for imparting justice. The right that indigenous peoples have to possess
their own political structures within their own communities, as well as the
right to be politically represented in the local, state and federal organs, is
probably the most important avenue that indigenous peoples have to secure their
own existence and future survival.

    The Chiapas uprising vividly brought to the attention of Mexicans the
dissenting voice of an ethnic minority who challenged NAFTA's notion as an
economic panacea. At the same time, the rebellion cast serious doubts on
Mexico's image as a nation that had made substantial progress in becoming
economically sound, politically stable, and well-prepared to receive a needed
flow of permanent foreign investment.

    Domestically, NAFTA is producing profound changes in Mexico to its economy,
culture, legal system, and democratic process. Above all, NAFTA has been a
powerful instrument to develop the notion of human rights in Mexico. For
Mexicans, the prospects of a more fair and stable economic  [*66]  order have
contributed to the emergence of ideas in favor of democracy, economic equality,
a clean environment, better education, an efficient and honest government, and
national progress. In particular, Mexicans are aware now of the importance of
ethnic diversity within their own country, a concept that simply did not exist a
few years ago. At the international level, Mexico has initiated a new and closer
relation with the United States. With respect to Canada, Mexico has discovered a
new economic partner and a closer friend.

    NAFTA will become a success only when democracy and freedom prevail, when
there is a clear commitment for a more just distribution of wealth, a clean
environment and a growing respect for human rights and individual dignity.

    Epilogue

    Since the EZLN made public its "Demands and Engagements" on March 2, 1994, a
series of shocking events have jolted Mexico. These include political
assassinations,  n375 a presidential election,  n376 and the latest devaluation
of the peso,  n377 immediately followed by the current economic crisis.  n378
Although the gravity of these happenings has somewhat eclipsed the image of that
turbulent Chiapas of a year ago, the EZLN has not gone away. It is present,
strategically well-poised, and waiting.

    During the dying days of the Salinas regime, the peace negotiations became
unproductive and stale. The fact that Lic. Madrazo never held any personal
conversations with Subcommandante Marcos clearly suggested that these
consultations were destined to fail.  n379 A legitimate forum for a frank
dialogue, was never properly crafted. Therefore, the ascension to power of
President Zedillo offers the best opportunity for finding a peaceful solution to
the Chiapas predicament. A new presidential administration with new people, and
especially with new ideas, must find the right approach to this complex and
delicate problem.

    As this epilogue is being written (January 17, 1995), Mexico's Secretary of
the Interior, Lic. Esteban Moctezuma, is conducting peace talks with
Subcommandante Marcos at an undisclosed location in the remote Lacandon  [*67]
jungle, assisted by Bishop Samuel Ruiz as mediator.  n380 Hopefully, these
conversations will eventually result in a just and prompt solution to the
legitimate demands advanced by the indigenous peoples of Chiapas. Dr. Zedillo
has strongly expressed his belief that this conflict is only to be resolved by
peaceful means, based on an open and constructive dialogue.  n381 There is no
doubt that the road will be a long one, seeded with challenges. But there is
hope. The first step in the right direction has been taken.  [*68]

    APPENDIX 1

    CNDH's Permanent Program in the Highlands and Jungles of Chiapas (January 1,
to May 31, 1994) Table
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]
 [*69]  Table (Con't.)  n383 Omitted
[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

    Especially Important Cases

    1. Five persons "executed" in Ocosingo's municipal market (No date)

    A. After evaluation of existing evidence, the CNDH reached the conclusion
that, "with a high degree of probability, the five subjects . . . were killed in
maneuvers of summary execution.  n384

    B. Preliminary conclusion of the PGR: "The killings were the product of
maneuvers of summary execution" but no members of the Mexican Army are
implicated.  n385

    2. Serial attacks in San Cristobal de las Casas, Ocosingo, and Nuevo San
Carlos. (no date)

    A. Evidence found in San Antonio de Los Banos (a part of San Cristobal):
"craters produced by aerial attacks".

    B. Evidence found in Ocasingo: "aerial artillery impacts or mortar fire".

    C. Evidence found in Nuevo San Carlos: "an aerial attack operation was
documented."

    The CNDH has technically determined that the projectiles used "correspond to
those known as 'rockets' or missiles, whose destructive capacity, due to their
expansive ware and expulsion of fragments (shrapnel), is less than bombs."  n386

    3. Incident in Rancho Nuevo involving a van used for public transportation
(Jan. 4, 1994).

    A. Soldiers of Mexican Army shot at van killing four male adults and one
minor and injuring five people.

    B. The CNDH concludes that "it is proven that the final position of  [*70]
the passenger [who was shot] was not the ultimate or final. . ." implying that
the passenger in question had been shot while out of the van and then his body
was placed back in the front passenger seat.  n387

    4. Eleven bodies found in Ocasingo's municipal cemetery (Jan. 3-4, 1994).

    A. The CNDH reports that soldiers of the "Mexican Army bursted into the IMSS
Hospital" in Ocasingo "with no apparent valid reason since the clinic was not
under the EZLN's control, nor were any of the EZLN's members were hospitalized."

    B. Patients, their families, nurses, workers and medical doctors were
detained for hours in the clinic's back patio by soldiers of the Mexican Army,
who interrogated them constantly. After sleeping in the hospital, this group
(consisting of some 150 people) were "evacuated" by the Mexican Army and the
hospital closed.  n388

    C. The CNDH recognizes that out of the 11 bodies found, eight persons were
killed at the hospital (presumably by members of the Mexican Army) on January 4,
1994, and their bodies removed "without knowing the cause of their deaths."
n389

    D. Out of eleven persons killed, the CNDH reports that two were civilians
who died outside the clinic, five were relatives of patients, and two were
patients (these two were killed by gunshots in the thorax). These nine bodies
have been identified, the other two remained unidentified.  n390

    E. The PGR and the Attorney General for Military Justice have initiated the
corresponding inquiry.  n391

    5. Two bodies found in Las Margaritas (Jan. 16 & 24, 1994).

    A. These two persons were originally detained on Jan. 16, 1994 by the
municipal police in Las Margaritas, and then put in jail. They were taken out of
jail by "elements of the Mexican Army" and transported to El Progreso on January
24, 1994, their dead bodies were found in Agua Prieta.  n392  [*71]

    6. Attacks against journalists (Jan. 7, 1994).

    A. Three Mexican journalists alleged their human rights were violated on
January 7, 1994, when they were attacked by gunshots from a Mexican Secretariat
of National Defense (Sedenal) helicopter near San Cristobal de las Cases, Cerro
Tzontzehuit.  n393

    B. Sedenal informed that on January 7, a military confrontation had taken
place at Cerro de Tzontzehuit with EZLN forces, but "at no time were any
journalists attacked."  n394

    C. A similar gunfire attack was reported by the CNDH involving a Mexican
Army helicopter and four journalists when they were travelling from Las
Margarita to Guadalupe.  n395

    7. Finding of three human skeletal remains in the Ejido Morelia, Altamirano
(Jan. 7-20, 1994).

    A. During a military operation conducted by the Mexican Army on January 7,
1994 in the Ejido Morelia, the Municipality of Altamirano, three persons
disappeared.  n396

    B. The skeletal remains of three persons were found on February 11, 1994.
Physicians for Human Rights is involved in this investigation.  n397

    8. Shooting and killing of a person by elements of the Mexican Army near
Rancho Nuevo (Jan. 3, 1994).

    A. The CNDH reports that on January 3, 1994 a group of persons were riding a
truck "when they were attacked by elements of 83rd Battalion of the Secretariat
of National Defense . . . near Rancho Nuevo, Municipality of San Cristobal de
las Casas. As a consequence of this attack one person died and another one was
arrested [by the Mexican Army].  n398

    B. After investigating this case, the CNDH concluded that (a) the vehicle in
question did not transport a group of armed persons (contrary to information
released by Sedenal); (b) that the person in question was  [*72]  shot while he
was outside the vehicle; and, (c) that the murderer shot the victim at a very
close range (at a distance of no more than twelve inches).  n399

    9. The summary execution of fourteen people traveling in a van as a result
of "military confrontation" (Jan. 2, 1994).

    A. The CNDH reports that on January 2, 1994 an armed confrontation between
elements of the Mexican Army and a group of people riding in a small bus took
place near Rancho Nuevo, Municipality of San Cristobal de las Casas. As a result
of this confrontation fourteen civilians died. Allegedly, each of the fourteen
victims received a coup de grace (i.e. a shot in the head).

    B. There are two unconfirmed versions: One suggests that this was group of
civilians in their way to Rancho Nuevo to pick up a coffin of a person who had
died in Tuxtla Gutierrez, Chiapas. The second suggests that the members of the
group were EZLN members on their way to free the inmates in the Centro de
Readaptacion Social No. 5. Neither version is conclusive.  n400

    10. Illegal detention of twenty-one persons in Centro de readaptacion Social
No. 1 in Tuxtla Gutierrez. (No date).

    A. According to the CNDH, probable human rights violations were committed
against twenty-one persons under penal proceedings in Tuxtla Gutierrez. This
group of people physically mistreated by "elements of the Mexican Army and
public officials of the Attorney General's Office (PGR)" whom, without an
adequate legal cause "illegally deprived these persons of their freedom."  n401

    B. The CNDH sent a letter to the Attorney General of Mexico (PGR,
Recommendation 53.94) requesting that the criminal charges against the 21
persons be dismissed since "the elements supporting [the charges] had
disappeared."  n402 On April 18, 1994, the PGR agreed to this and the penal
judge in the case "decreed the freedom of the accused."

    C. However, the CNDH clarified that "regarding the confusing circumstances
of their arrest, their prolonged detention (sic), the evidence of violence shown
by these persons and "that neither food nor  [*73]  water was given to them"
during their illegal deprivation of freedom. The CNDH added an exculpatory
statement that given that there were intense military combats in Ocasingo, and
that the Ministerio Publico was absent at that time, "this made very difficult,
the immediate transfer of the detainers" given the unusual conditions at that
time.  n403

    11. Violent Expulsions of Indigenous People in San Juan Chamula (No date)

    A. The CNDH issued Recommendation 58/94 of April 19, 1994 stating that "the
expulsions violated the constitutional right of religious freedom and indigenous
customs in violation of human rights at the domestic and international levels."
n404

    B. In its Recommendation, the CNDH requested the President of the local
State Congress to initiate the corresponding investigations, and added the Mayor
of San Juan Chamula "to abstain from the continued injuring of assets and rights
of the indigenous peoples in that town, and to respect the religious creeds and
to guarantee the peaceful relations among [its inhabitants], impeding or not
promoting new expulsions."  n405

    C. The CNDH received 263 complaints of indigenous peoples affected by these
violent expulsions. A number who died were injured or disappeared according to
the CNDH.  n406  [*74]

    APPENDIX 2

    Demands and Compromises for a Dignified Peace in Chiapas San Cristobal de
las Casas, March 2, 1994

    ONE: We require that a truly free and democratic election should be held,
with equality of rights and duties for the political organizations that seek
power, with authentic freedom to choose one or the other proposition with
respect for the will of the majority. Democracy is a fundamental right of all
the people, indigenous or not. Without democracy, there can be no liberty,
justice, or dignity, and without dignity, there is nothing.

    TWO: In order to have truly free and democratic elections, it is necessary
that the heads of the Federal and State governments that came to power through
electoral fraud renounce their positions. Their legitimacy does not derive from
the respect for the will of the majority but rather from its usurpation.
Consequently, it is necessary that a government of transition be formed in order
to implement equality and respect all political tendencies. The federal and
state legislative powers, freely and democratically elected, should assume their
true function of drafting fair laws for all and to supervise their enforcement.

    THREE: We demand the recognition of the National Liberation Zapatista Army
(EZLN) as a belligerent force and its troops as genuine combatants as well as
the application of all the international treaties that regulate armed conflicts.

    FOUR: A new pact among the components of the federation that will terminate
centralism and allow regions, communities and municipal communities to be
self-governing with political, economic and cultural autonomy.

    FIVE: We demand to have general elections for the entire state of Chiapas
with legal recognition of all the political forces in the state.

    SIX: As a producer of electricity and oil, the state of Chiapas contributes
to the federation without receiving anything in exchange. Our communities do not
have electricity; the economy stimulated by the oil exports and the domestic
sales have produced no benefits to the people of Chiapas. Therefore, it is
essential that all the communities of Chiapas receive the benefit of the
electric power and that a percentage of the economic income from the
commercialization of the oil from Chiapas be applied to the industrial,
agricultural, commercial and social infrastructure for the benefit of all the
people of Chiapas.  [*75]

    SEVEN: Revision of the North American Free Trade Agreement signed with
Canada and the United States, since in its actual wording, it does not take into
account the indigenous peoples, sentencing them to death because of their lack
of labor skill.

    EIGHT: Article 27 of the Constitution should respect the original spirit of
Emiliano Zapata: the land belongs to those who work it, the indigenous peoples
and the farmers, and not to the large land holders (latifundos). We want the
large land holdings which are in the hands of national or foreign land holders
and other people who occupy large extensions of land who are not farmers, to
pass to the hands of our people who are totally deprived of lands, such as
provided by our revolutionary agrarian law. The land grants should include
agricultural equipment, fertilizers, pesticides, credits, technical advice,
improved seeds, and cattle. Fair prices should be given to basic products such
as coffee, corn and beans. The land to be distributed must be of good quality
and should include roads, transportation and irrigation systems. The peasants
who already possess lands have the right to all the above mentioned benefits in
order to facilitate the work in the agricultural fields and to improve
productivity. New ejidos and communities should also be established. The Salinas
amendments to Article 27 of the Constitution should be annulled and the right to
land should once again be a part of our Constitution.

    NINE: We demand that hospitals be built in the county towns; these hospitals
should include specialized medical practitioners and be provided with sufficient
medicine to take care of the patients. County clinics should be built in the
municipalities, communities, and hamlets, with efficient training and fair
income for health care personnel. Where hospitals already exist, they should be
put into service as fast as possible and should include complete surgery
services--Clinics should also be built in large communities which should also
have doctors and medicine to take care of the people's needs.

    TEN: The right to true and accurate information on events at a local,
regional, state, national and international level should be guaranteed to the
indigenous people through the establishment of an indigenous radio station to be
independent from the government and directed and managed by the indigenous
peoples.

    ELEVEN: We want houses to be built in all the rural communities of Mexico
which should include basic services such as: electricity, drinking water, roads,
sewers, telephone, transportation, etc. And they should also have the advantages
that the cities have, such as television, gas range, refrigerator, washing
machine, etc. The communities should have recreation centers, for the healthy
leisure of their inhabitants: sports and cultural events that dignify the human
condition of the indigenous peoples.  [*76]

    TWELVE: We want the eradication of illiteracy among indigenous people. To
achieve that, we need better elementary and secondary schools in our communities
which include free pedagogical material, teachers with university degrees to be
at the service of the indigenous community, and not only defend the interests of
the wealthy people. There should be primary, secondary, and high schools in
major towns. The government should give free school uniforms, shoes, food and
all the necessary materials to students. In the central communities which are
located in remote places, there should be boarding schools. Education should be
totally free, kindergarten to university and should be granted to all Mexicans
without regard to race, creed, age, sex or political affiliation.

    THIRTEEN: That all ethnic languages should be made official, and that their
study and teaching be mandatory at primary, secondary, high school, and
university levels.

    FOURTEEN: That our rights and dignity as indigenous peoples be respected,
taking into consideration our culture and traditions.

    FIFTEEN: We, the indigenous peoples, do not want to continue being subjected
to discrimination and contempt, as has always been the case.

    SIXTEEN: As the indigenous peoples that we are, we demand that we be allowed
to organize and govern ourselves with autonomy, because we no longer want to be
subjected to the will of those with power, whether they are nationals or
foreigners.

    SEVENTEEN: That justice be administered by our own indigenous peoples
according to our customs and traditions, without the intervention of
illegitimate and corrupt governments.

    EIGHTEEN: We want always to have decent work with a fair salary for all
rural and city workers in the Mexican republic so that our brothers will not
have to be involved in bad things, such as drug trafficking, delinquency and
prostitution, in order to survive. That the Federal Labor Act be applied to
rural and city workers, with "Aguinaldos" (i.e. Christmas bonus), benefits,
vacation and a true right to strike.

    NINETEEN: We want a fair price for our agricultural produce; for this we
need to have a free market to sell and buy, without being subject to coyotes.

    TWENTY: That the looting of the riches of our Mexico be halted and, above
all, that of Chiapas, which is one of the richest states of the republic but
where hunger and misery abound every day.

    TWENTY-ONE: We want the cancellation of all loans resulting from credits,
[*77]  loans and taxes-with high interest because they can no longer be paid due
to the great poverty of the Mexican people.

    TWENTY-TWO: We want hunger and malnutrition to be halted because they have
only caused the death of thousands of our brothers from rural and urban areas.
In each rural community, there should be cooperative stores with fair prices,
supported economically by the Federal or municipal governments. In addition,
there should be transportation owned by the cooperatives, for the transportation
of merchandise. Furthermore, the government should send free food to all
children under 14 years of age.

    TWENTY-THREE: We request the immediate and unconditional release of all
political prisoners and of poor prisoners unjustly detained in all the prisons
of Chiapas and Mexico.

    TWENTY-FOUR: We demand that the Federal army and the public security and
judicial police not enter rural zones, because their only aim is to intimidate,
expel, rob, repress and to drop bombs on the farmers who organize themselves to
protect their rights. For this reason our people are weary of the presence of
the soldiers and the public security and judicial police, who are abusive and
repressive. That the Federal government return to the Swiss government the
Pilatus planes which are only being used to bomb our people, and that the money
obtained in exchange for their return be applied to programs to improve the
living of rural and city workers. We demand that the government of the United
States of North America withdraw its helicopters because they are being used to
repress the people of Mexico.

    TWENTY-FIVE: The indigenous peoples in rural areas started the armed
uprising because they had no more than their humble shacks; however when the
Federal Army drops bombs on the civilian population it destroys these humble
shacks and all of the belongings. For this reason, we demand that the Federal
government indemnify the families who have suffered material damages caused by
the bombing and by the actions of the Federal troops. Furthermore, we want
indemnification for the widows and the war orphans, whether civilians or
Zapatistas.

    TWENTY-SIX: We, as indigenous peasants, want to live in peace and
tranquility. And we want to be allowed to live according to our rights to
freedom and to a dignified life.

    TWENTY-SEVEN: That the Criminal Code of Chiapas be done away with since it
does not allow us organize ourselves except with arms, because any legal and
peaceful struggle is punished and repressed.

    TWENTY-EIGHT: We request and demand the cease of the expulsion of the
indigenous peoples from their communities by caciques who are supported  [*78]
by the State. We demand the free and voluntary return of the land of their
origin and that indemnification for the losses they have incurred be guaranteed.

    TWENTY-NINE: Petition of the indigenous women. We the peasant indigenous
women demand the immediate solution of our urgent needs, which the government
has never solved:

    a) Maternity wards with gynecologists, so that the peasant women may receive
necessary medical attention.

    b) That child care centers be built in communities.

    c) We demand that the government send sufficient food stuffs for the
children of all the rural communities, such as: milk, maize, rice, corn, soy,
oil, beans, cheese, eggs, sugar, soup, oats, etc.

    d) That kitchen and dining rooms for children be constructed in the
communities and be provided with all necessary services.

    e) That mills for nixtamal and tortillerias be set up in the communities
depending on the number of families who live there.

    f) We want these projects to be given to us: construction of barns for hens,
rabbits, lambs, sheep, pigs, etc. which include technical assistance and
veterinary services.

    g) We want a bakery with ovens and all necessary materials.

    h) We want handicraft workshops with machinery and raw materials to be
constructed.

    i) There should be a market where handicrafts may be sold at fair prices.

    j) That schools be constructed where women can receive technical training.

    k) That preschool centers and elementary school be provided to rural
communities where children may enjoy themselves and grow up in a healthy way,
morally and physically.

    l) That we, as women, have adequate transport to get around and to transport
our products from our different rural projects.

    THIRTY: We demand the political trial of Mess Patrocinio Gonzales, Blanco
Garrido, Absalon Castellanos Dominguez and Elmar Setzer M.

    THIRTY-ONE: We demand respect for the lives of all the members of the EZLN
and to receive guarantees that no criminal proceedings or repressive action may
be directed against any of the members of the EZLN, combatants, sympathizers, or
collaborators.

    THIRTY-TWO: That all of the organizations and commissions in defense of
human rights be independent, namely non-governmental, because those connected
with the government only hide the arbitrariness of the government.

    THIRTY-THREE: That a National Peace Commission for Justice and Dignity be
formed mainly by people who do not belong to the Mexican government nor to any
political party. And that this National Peace Commission for  [*79]  Justice and
Dignity be in charge of supervising the compliance with the agreements to be
reached between the EZLN and the Mexican Federal government.

    THIRTY-FOUR: That humanitarian help for the victims of the conflict be
channeled through genuine representatives of the indigenous communities.

    Liberty! Justice! Democracy!

    Respectfully,

    From the Mexican Southeast

    Indigenous Revolutionary Clandestine Committee,

    General Commanding Post of the EZLN,

    Mexico, March 1994  n407

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsNative AmericansProperty RightsInternational Trade LawTrade
AgreementsLabor ProvisionsTortsStrict LiabilityHarm Caused by AnimalsGeneral
Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  North American Free Trade Agreement, Dec. 17, 1992, U.S.-Can.-Mex., 32
I.L.M. 296 and 32 I.L.M. 605 (1993) [hereinafter NAFTA]. According to Article
2203 of NAFTA, this trilateral treaty entered into force on January 1, 1994. Id.
at 702.




n2  For information on Chiapas, see infra notes 45-60 and accompanying texts.




n3  Alexander Cockburn & Kieran Murray, A Fistful of Promises. Agreement Between
Mexico and Zapatista Rebels, New Statesman & Society, Mar. 18, 1994, at 21.




n4  For a more specific list of demands, see app. 2.




n5  Cockburn & Murray, supra note 3, at 20.




n6  Patrick McDonnell, The Roots of the Rebellion, L.A. Times Sunday Magazine,
Mar. 6, 1994, at 33.




n7  Id.




n8  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 32 (quoting Elena Poniatowska, La Jornada).




n9  The most basic aspects of the Ejercito Zapatista de Liberacion Nacional
(EZLN), such as its formation, structure, training, leadership, armament and
financing, remain a mystery. See supra note 3.




n10  Michael S. Serrill, Zapata's Revenge, Time, Jan. 17, 1994, at 33.




n11  Recently, Emiliano Zapata has been recognized among the truly remarkable
figures in Mexico's history. Born in 1873 in San Miguel Anenecuilco, Morelos,
Zapata became involved in the 1910 Revolution as an advocate in favor of
agrarian reform, which fundamental principles he enumerated in his famous Plan
de Ayala (For the content of this Plan, see infra notes 251-54 and accompanying
texts). He was assassinated in Chinameca, Morelos, in 1919. For an excellent
biography, see John Womack, Zapata and the Mexican Revolution (1970).




n12  The tragic conditions of indigenous peoples in Mexico, comPble to servitude
conditions, led to Mexico's armed revolution in 1910. The Constitution of 1917
was a product of this movement. Article 27 of this Constitution enshrines
Mexico's legal philosophy regarding its natural resources and property
questions, including land and water rights affecting indigenous peoples in rural
communities. See Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights, Conquest Continued:
Disregard for Human Indigenous Rights in the Mexican State of Chiapas 5 (1992)
[hereinafter Conquest Continued]




n13  A campesino is a peasant, The Concise American Heritage Spanish Dictionary
48 (1989).




n14  Tod Robberson, Mexican Army Short of Funds and Combat Experience, Wash.
Post, Jan. 19, 1994, at A-21.




n15  Id.




n16  The Washington Post reported that a U.S. official quoted by the Reuter news
service said "the helicopters were sold to Mexico for drug interdiction and that
after review of U.S. restrictions on the sale, Mexican officials assured
Washington that the craft had been returned to antinarcotics duty." Id.
(emphasis added). This report suggests that Mexico used the helicopters in
violation of the terms of the agreement entered into with the U.S. Drug
Enforcement Administration (DEA). Id.




n17  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 32.




n18  Guillermo Correa, et al., En Chiapas, despues de las batallas: Narraciones
de Como en Ejercito ha asesinado, torturado, saqueado . . ., Proceso, Feb. 7,
1994, at 6 (translation by the author).




n19  Tod Robberson, Mexico Attacks by Air, Offers Terms to Rebels, Wash. Post
(Final ed.), Jan. 6, 1994, at A-12.




n20  Manuel Comacho Solis was a former Mayor of Mexico City whom President
Salinas failed to name as the next PRI presidential candidate. See Tod
Robberson, Mexico Declares Cease-Fire in Chiapas, Wash. Post (Final edition),
Jan. 13, 1994, at A-18. In this article, Robberson reports:


    The Mexican President has been criticized for dispatching thousands of
troops and heavy weaponry to the Chiapas region and allowing military aircraft
to rocket civilian-inhabited areas in attacks against the rebels. . . Salinas
had no intention of fighting a potentially lengthy jungle war. His peace
offensive. . . was designed to escape the kind of military-based reaction that
led to civil wars in nearby El Salvador, Nicaragua and Guatemala during the
1970s and '80s.




n21  Tod Robberson, Mexico's Ski-Masked Rebels Show Flair for Communicating,
Wash. Post (Final edition), Feb. 9, 1994, at A14; A Cult Hero of Mexico's
Revolution, S.F. Chron., Feb. 14, 1994, at A6.




n22  Tod Robberson, Mexican Insurgents Gain Leverage. Accord Allows Rebels to
Keep Weapons Until Government Implements Political Reforms, Wash. Post (Final
edition), Mar. 6, 1994, at A-25.




n23  Andrew A. Reding, Rebellion in Mexico, Wash. Post, Jan. 11, 1994, at A-19.




n24  Direccion General de Informacion, Secretaria de Relaciones Exteriores,
Boletin de Informacion Semanal, No. 254, Demandas y Compromisos P una Paz Digna
en Chiapas 48-69 (Mar. 5, 1994) (translation by the author) [hereinafter
Demandas y Compromisos]. This document contains all EZLN's demands and the
Mexican government's res

    ponses to them.




n25  Demands 1 and 2. Id. at 49.




n26  Demandas y Compromisos, supra note 24, at 48-49.




n27  Id. at 52, 53, 56 and 59 respectively.




n28  Id. at 56, 57, 60, 62 and 64 respectively.




n29  Id. at 50, 63-64 and 67 respectively.




n30  Id. at 65.




n31  Geri Smith, Mexico: Will Economic Reform Survive the Turmoil?, Bus. Week.
Apr. 11, 1994, at 24; Elias Chavez, El Asesinato de Colosio Descompone al Pais,
Proceso, Mar. 28, 1994, at 16; Martin Moreno, Nadie cuido su Espalda, and Tarde
Tragica en Tijuana; se Consumo el Magnicidio, Epoca, Mar. 28, 1994, at 8 and 10,
respectively.




n32  G. Correa & J.C. Lopez, Se Reinician las Consultas Zapatistas, Proceso, May
9, 1994, at 40.




n33  Mr. Camacho resigned as Peace Commissioner on June 17, 1994. In his letter
of resignation to President Salinas, Lic. Camacho suggested that he could no
longer contribute to the construction of the peace effort because Dr. Ernesto
Zedillo had undermined his political ability to succeed in finding a peaceful
solution to the conflict. Ted Bardake, Negotiator Resigns in Mexico; Camacho
Questions Party's Commitment, Wash. Post, June 18, 1994, at A18.




n34  Id. Until the tragedy of Tijuana occurred, Dr. Zedillo had been in charge
of directing the presidential political campaign of Lic. Colosio. Dr. Zedillo
had already been a close collaborator of President Salinas, serving in his
administration as Secretary of Public Education (SEP). A Yale-educated
economist, Dr. Zedillo distinguished himself within the ranks of the PRI.
Charles Wilbanks, A Technocratic Solution: Few Surprises as Salinas Chooses
Former Education Secretary as PRI's New Candidate, El Financiero (Int. ed.),
Apr. 4, 1994-Apr. 10, 1994, at 14.




n35  President Salinas appointed Lic. Madrazo on June 23, 1994, subject to the
formality of obtaining the CNDH's Board of Directors' approval. See New Peace
Envoy Named in Mexico, Wash. Post, June 24, 1994, at A32.




n36  See infra note 370 and accompanying text.




n37  Id.




n38  Sallie Hughes, A New President Takes Office, El Financiero (Int. ed.), Dec.
5, 1994, at 14.




n39  Michael Tangeman, Zapatistas Coordinate Show of Force, then Vanish Without
Firing a Shot, El Financiero (Int. ed.), Dec. 26, 1994-Jan. 1, 1995, at 3.




n40  Jo Bedingfield, Peso Falls Against Dollar, Stock Market Sent Reeling,
Interest Rates Up, El Financiero (Int. ed.), Dec. 26, 1994-Jan. 1, 1995, at 1.




n41  Michael Tangeman, Breakthrough in Talks: Tensions Diminish in Southern
Mexico, but Peace Seems Remote, El Financiero (Int. ed.), Dec. 26, 1994-Jan. 1,
1995, at 3.




n42  Id.




n43  The rebellion started precisely on January 1, 1994, the official date of
the entering into force of NAFTA. See NAFTA, supra note 1. In its document of
formal demands, the EZLN expressly requested that NAFTA should be "revised" to
incorporate the needs and interests of indigenous peoples. See Demandas y
Compromisos, Demand No. 7, supra note 24, at 52.




n44  Conquest Continued, supra note 12, at vii.




n45  Originally, Chiapas belonged to Guatemala. On September 12, 1824, by means
of an "Act of Incorporation," the Province of "Chiapa" sePted from Guatemala and
united with the Republic of Mexico, as a result of a plebescite (96,829 in
favor, 64,400 against). Two days later, on September 14, 1824, the Province of
Chiapa was solemnly declared part of the Mexican Federation. Mexico's Federal
government incorporated Chiapas as a state (i.e. "Estado de las Chiapas"), under
the Federal Constitution of October 4, 1824. The first Constitution of the state
was approved on November 19, 1825, and published on February 18, 1826. Estado de
Chiapas, Historia, 3 Enciclopedia de Mexico 595-619 (Jose Rogelio Alvarez,
Director 1977)




n46  S. Lynne Walker, Chiapas, Mexico, Too Little, Too Late: Rebel Uprising
Exposes Holes in Salinas' Safety Net for the Poor, San Diego Union-Tribune, Apr.
11, 1994, at A8.




n47  Id. at 8.




n48  Id.




n49  Id.




n50  Jane Bussy, Mexico's Political System Under Siege, San Diego Union-Tribune
(Opinion), Feb. 22, 1994, at B-7.




n51  An uprising was reported as early as 1527, six years after the Spanish
conquest. Daniel Dombey, Mexico Revolt Set to Go On. Uprising in Chiapas, New
Statesman & Society, Jan. 14, 1994, at 10.




n52  See Lewis Hanke, Bartolome de las Casas: Pensador, Politico, Historiador,
Antropologo (1949); Ramon Menendez Pidal, El Padre Las Casas: Su Doble
Personalidad (1963).




n53  Fray Bartolome de las Casas was the Dominican priest who became bishop of
Chiapas in 1544 and spoke against the cruelties associated with the Spanish
land-tenure system of Encomiendas. Known as "The Father of the Indians," De Las
Casas became a celebrated author in sixteenth century Europe because of his book
Tratado Primero: Brevisima Relacion de la Destruccion de las Indias (1552). For
a modern version of this work, see Bartolome de las Cases, Tratados (Lewis Hanke
& Manuel Gimenez Fernandez, eds., 1966).




n54  See Conquest Continued, supra note 12, at 3.




n55  Merilee Serril Grinole, Bureaucrats, Politicians, and Peasants in Mexico
126 (1977).




n56  Id.




n57  Id.




n58  Id. at 7.




n59  Id. at 146.




n60  David Luhnow, The Dispute over Land in Chiapas, S. F. Chron., Jan. 21,
1994, reprinted in Mexico. A Reader on The Uprising in Chiapas 104 (1994)
[hereinafter The Uprising in Chiapas].




n61  Id. These human intrusions into the delicate habitat of the Lacandon rain
forest and jungle, generally followed by a process of intense deforestation and
colonization to open up areas for agricultural purposes, has led to the gradual
but systematic destruction of the rain forest over the last two decades. Of the
original 5,000-square miles of the Selva Lacandona in southern Mexico, only 30%
remains, despite the enactment of underfunded and unenforced environmental
protection decrees. Christine Toomey, Viva Zapata! and Mexico Trembles, Sunday
Times Jan. 9, 1994.




n62  Tod Robberson, How Mexico Brewed a Rebellion, Economic 'Progress' Trampled
Indian Farms, Wash. Post., Jan. 9, 1994, at A-21.




n63  Bussey, supra note 50, at B-7.




n64  Id. Catholic Bishop Samuel Ruiz has stated: "The Indians have been
forced--through bribery, trickery and outright thuggery--from their traditional
lands into increasingly more marginalized lands. Now they have been forced into
the jungle by the caciques and are fighting back." Id.




n65  Created on President Salinas' first day of his six-year tenure, the
Solidarity Program (Programa Nacional de Solidaridad, or PRONASOL) is "an
umbrella organization aimed at developing health, education, nutrition, housing,
employment, infrastructure, and other productive projects to benefit 17 million
Mexicans living in extreme poverty." PRONASOL has been described as "the core
element of the Salinas administration's formula for maintaining political
control." Miguel A. Centeno, Democracy Within Reason. Technocratic Revolution in
Mexico 65 (1994).




n66  Walker, supra note 46, at A1.




n67  Id. at A1, A8.




n68  Id. This article acknowledges that solidarity's effectiveness in Chiapas


    has been hampered by opposition from local landowners known as caciques, who
benefited from the poverty of peasants; by resentment by some governors to
Solidarity's ability to build an alternative power base in their states; and by
oldfashioned corruption. . . The profound poverty of the region permitted
caciques to put Indians to work as virtual slaves, giving them only room and
board in exchange for their backbreaking labor on huge cattle ranches.


    Id.




n69  According to the confidential document, Chiapas Gov. Gonzalez Garrido
"allowed caciques to run peasants off their land, jailed entire villages when
there was resistance and ordered the arrest of as many as 50 mayors in towns
throughout the state." Id.




n70  In spite of the fact that President Salinas knew of the negative reputation
associated with the then Governor of Chiapas, Patrocinio Gonzalez Garrido,
President Salinas rewarded Mr. Gonzalez, a member of the PRI, by appointing him
to the most powerful political post in the Mexican cabinet, Secretary of the
Interior (Secretario de Gobernacion). A few days after the uprising in Chiapas,
Gonzalez Garrido was forced to submit his resignation. Tod Robberson. Mexican
Cabinet Shake-Up Called Sign of Willingness to Talk with Rebels, Wash. Post,
Jan. 12, 1994, at A-13.




n71  Monsignor Samuel Ruiz Garcia, Bishop of San Cristobal de las Casas,
Chiapas. McDonnell, supra note 6, at 33.




n72  Regarding the causes of the conflict, see McDonnell, supra note 6; Cockburn
& Murray, supra note 3; Toomey, supra note 61; Susan Ferris, Roots of Mexico
Uprising: Poverty, Repression Spawned Revolt, San Francisco Examiner, Jan. 4,
1994, at A-1.




n73  Michael S. Serrill, Zapata's Revenge, Time, Jan. 17, 1994, at 33.




n74  Cockburn & Murray, supra note 3, at 20.




n75  Bill Coleman & Patty Coleman, Government Blames Church for Chiapas: Mexican
Uprising Fed on Poverty, Oppression, National Catholic Reporter, Jan. 14, 1994,
at 6.




n76  Jorge G. Castaneda, The Other Mexico Reveals Itself, L.A. Times (Op-Ed),
Jan. 5, 1994, reprinted in The Uprising in Chiapas, supra note 60, at 2.




n77  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 32.




n78  Walker, supra note 46, at A-8.




n79  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 33.




n80  An ejido is a relatively small tract of land granted collectively to a
group of campesinos (known as ejidatarios) who live in a given rural community.
The ejidatarios work the land according to the decisions of the majority of
ejidatarios, taken by an elected and representative body known as Comite Ejidal.
See Const., art. 27 (Mex.); Antonio Luna Arrajo & Luis G. Alcerrera, Diccionario
de Derecho Agrario 262-65 (1982).




n81  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 33.




n82  Id. For further discussion of the amendment to article 27, see infra
section II.C.2.b.




n83  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 33. A similar argument is advanced by
Robberson, when he writes: "By forcing Mexico to phase out subsidies on the main
cash crops here-corn, sugar and coffee-NAFTA's negotiators have cut off vital
sources of support for indigenous farmers." Robberson, supra note 62, at A31.
See also Anthony DePalma, Mexicans Fear for Corn, Imperiled by Free Trade, N.Y.
Times, July 12, 1993, at A3.




n84  Toomey, supra note 61.




n85  Jane Bussey, The Ghost of Zapata, The Sacramento Bee, Feb. 20, 1994, at
F-1.




n86  Andy Messing, Regional Turmoil in Guatemala, Wash. Times, Mar. 29, 1994, at
A-15.




n87  David L. Marcus, Troubles in Mexico Alarm its Neighbors to the South,
Dallas Morning News, Mar. 27, 1994, at 31-A; see also Michael S. Serrill, A
Litany of Latin American Troubles, Time, Jan. 17, 1994, at 34.




n88  Pelosi, Eshoo Ask Mexico to Probe Army Tactics, S. F. Chronicle, Jan. 17,
1994, at A8.




n89  Id.




n90  5 Human Rights Watch, Pub. No. B-510, HRW Writes to President Clinton
Urging NAFTA Summit on Human Rights 10 (1993).




n91  Tod Robberson, Bloody Indian Revolt Continues In Mexico. Government calls
Rebels a Small Group of Provocateurs, Wash. Post, Jan. 4, 1994, at A-1, A-13.




n92  According to a journalistic report, a Mexican from Chiapas who is familiar
with peasant organizations said that "the Zapatista army had trained for five
years in a remote area and appeared to have 'romantic' ideas about its
strength." Susan Ferris, Recipe for Rebellion, The Gazette (Montreal), Jan. 5,
1994, at A-1. Another report stated that "there were premonitions, sporadic
armed struggles two years ago, and no one paid any attention." Cockburn &
Murray, supra note 3, at 21. The Mexico City magazine Proceso reported in
September of 1993 that "armed indigenous groups were training in Chiapas."
Robberson, supra note 91, at A-13.




n93  The existence of such reports was disclosed by Robberson, supra note 14, at
A-21. Col. Steve Wagner, a specialist on Mexico's Army at the U.S. Military
Academy in West Point, is reported in this article as saying that "he believed
that . . . [the Mexican Army] was aware of guerrilla movements in the area but
may have been blocked by the civilian leadership from taking action. The Mexican
Army is well-read in what's going on, he said. They have an informal
intelligence network down there." Id.




n94  Robberson, supra note 14, at A-21. David Ronfeldt, a Rand Corporation
analyst who specializes in the Mexican military, declared to The Washington Post
that "signs of guerrilla activity had been apparent for several months,
particularly after a widely-reported firefight last summer between the Mexican
Army and unidentified guerrillas near the Lacandonan rain forest in eastern
Chiapas." Id.




n95  John M. Goshko, Balancing Trade Pact and Human Rights In Mexico: Mayan
Rebellion in Chiapas could Bring Criticism of Clinton Administration Policy,
Wash. Post, Jan. 30, 1994, at A-30.




n96  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 42.




n97  Id.




n98  John Santos, Chiapas Revolt Spotlights Human Rights, 30 National Catholic
Reporter Jan. 21, 1994, at 10. See also Serrill, supra note 10, at 32-33.




n99  Toomey, supra note 61.




n100  Cockburn & Murray, supra note 3, at 22.




n101  Toomey, supra note 61.




n102  Eloy Cantu, an official of Gobernacion, called the rebels "professionals
of violence" and added that "many came from neighboring Guatemala. . ." The
Mexican authorities are reported as saying that "the well-organised and
well-financed nature of the guerrilla movement suggested ties to arms and drug
smugglers in the region," blaming the "Roman Catholic radicals for inciting the
peasants." Id.




n103  David Crane, Mexico Pursues Aggressive Trade Strategy, Salinas Does Not
Want to Depend on NAFTA Alone, The Toronto Star, Jan. 30, 1994, at A-16.




n104  Robert Evans, Salinas Tells Investors Mexico is Stable Despite Revolt, The
Reuter European Business Report, Jan. 29, 1994.




n105  Robberson, supra note 20, at A-18.




n106  Demandas y Compromisos, supra note 24; app. 2.




n107  Id.




n108  See supra notes 24-30 and accompanying text.




n109  Due to space limitations, this section will only analyze the major demands
advanced by the EZLN, and the corresponding government responses, in each of the
enlisted five categories. Out of the 32 demands, the author has classified as
eminently political the demands contained in Pgraphs 1, 2, 4, 5, 23, 24, 30 and
32. Demandas y Compromisos, supra note 24, at 4867; app. 2.




n110  Id. at 48-49; app. 2.




n111  Id.




n112  Id. at 49.




n113  Id.




n114  Demandas y Compromisos (Answers to Demands 1 and 2), supra note 24, at
49-50.




n115  These negotiations materialized in a number of major legal changes in the
electoral process in that country. See generally Codigo Federale Institucianes y
Procedimientos (Federal Code of Electoral Institutions and Procedures) (Mexico).




n116  Demandas y Compromisos, supra note 24, at 50.




n117  Id. Nos. 7-8, 10, and 13-17, 21, 27, at 52-60; app. 2. The claims in
Pgraphs (c), (d), (e) and (g) will not be discussed in detail, but are to be
addressed in a federal statute in order to give full legal implementation to
Article 4 of the Mexican Constitution, which recognizes Mexico as a nation with
"pluriethnic composition." For additional information, see infra notes 269-81
and accompanying text.




n118  Id. at 52.




n119  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 33.




n120  See generally Philip L. Martin, Trade and Migration: NAFTA and Agriculture
(1993) [hereinafter Trade and Migration].




n121  Id. at 127-28.




n122  Id. at 97-99.




n123  Demandas y Compromisos, supra note 24, at 52-53.




n124  Id. at 53.




n125  Id. app. 2.




n126  Const., art. 27 (Mex.); see also Gilberto Gutierrez Quiroz, Investment in
Real Property in Mexico: An Overview of Constitutional and Statutory
Restrictions, 12 Ariz. L. Rev. 270, 274 (1970).




n127  Sir Nicholas Cheetnam, A Short History of Mexico 232-34 (1970).




n128  Id. at 218-34.




n129  Id. at 228, 234.




n130  Id.




n131  See supra note 80 and accompanying text.




n132  Antonio Luna Arroyo & Luis G. Alcerreca, Diccionario de Derecho Agrario
Mexicano 262-65 (1982)




n133  Wesley R. Smith, Salinas Prepares Mexican Agriculture for Free Trade,
Mexico Trade and Law Reporter 7 (October 1992) [hereinafter Salinas Prepares];
see generally Ruiz Massieu, Derecho Agrario Revolucionario (1987).




n134  Nava, Land Reforms in Mexico Will Affect the United States, Maquiladora
and Mexico Business Review 20 (Dec./Jan. 1993).




n135  Salinas Prepares, supra note 133, at 21; Conquest Continued, supra note
12, at 61-65.




n136  See generally Salinas Prepares, supra note 133.




n137  See Trade and Migration, supra note 120, at 97-105.




n138  Id.




n139  Salinas Prepares, supra note 133, at 19.




n140  Commissioner Camacho indicated that the respective legislative bill,
regulatory of Art. 4 of the Constitution, was to be submitted to the Federal
Congress in April of 1994. Demandas y Compromisos, supra note 24, at 53.




n141  Id. at 59.




n142  Id.




n143  In Spanish, the Procuraduria de Defensa de los Indigenas. This state
office would be staffed with bilingual personnel and its head will be appointed
by the State Congress by a qualified majority from proposals submitted by
indigenous communities and after taking into consideration the opinion of the
citizens. Id.




n144  The amendments in question were to be submitted to the local Congress. Id.




n145  Demandas y Compromisos, Demand No. 27, supra note 24, at 64.




n146  Codigos Penal y de Procedimientos Penales P el Estado de Chiapas,
Editorial Porrua, Mexico, at 37-45 (1993).




n147  Id. at 45-50.




n148  Id. at 40. This crime is sanctioned with imprisonment from two to four
years, and a fine ranging between 50 and 100 times the minimum salary. Art. 132,
Id.




n149  Art. 120, Id. at 37. Those convicted of rebellion are imprisoned from 2 to
10 years, and their political rights are suppressed for 5 years. Art. 121, Id.




n150  Id. at 40-41. The penalty consists of 2 to 4 years in a prison and a fine
up to 50 times the minimum salary.




n151  For example, The Americas Watch Report stated in June of 1990:


    Violent evictions of peasant families are common place in Chiapas. The
eviction typically occurs with little or no warning, in the pre-dawn hours when
most members of the community are asleep. The number of police officers . . .
used to carry out the evictions far exceed the number of people being evicted.
Evictions are frequently accompanied by warrantless arrests . . . often on
trumped charges, and without regard for what will become of the persons being
evicted.


    Human Rights Watch, Human Rights in Mexico. A Policy of Impunity 59 (June
1990) [hereinafter A Policy of Impunity].




n152  Conquest continued, supra note 12, at ix. See also infra notes 247-248.




n153  Demandas y Compromisos, supra note 24, at 64. The addition of the crime of
rural eviction addresses the EZLN's Demand No. 28 which seeks an end to the
evictions of indigenous peoples from their communities by caciques supported by
the State a guarantee of the free and voluntary return of all those expelled
from their lands of origin and an indemnification for their lost assets." Id.




n154  See Demands 18, 26, app. 2.




n155  Id. Demand No. 9, supra note 24, at 55.




n156  Id.




n157  Id.




n158  Id. at 56, Demand No. 11.




n159  Id. at 57, Demand No. 12.




n160  Id.




n161  See supra note 29 and accompanying text.




n162  Demandas y Compromisos, Demand No. 3, supra note 24, at 50; app. 2.




n163  Id.




n164  Id. at 64, Demand No. 25.




n165  Id. at 67, Demand No. 31 (emphasis added).




n166  Demandas y Compromisos, supra note 24, at 65; app. 2.




n167  Id. at 66.




n168  Id.




n169  Comunicado del Comite Clandestino Revolucionario Indigena-Comandancia
General del Ejercito Zapatista de Liberacion Nactional, (Communication from the
EZLN) June 10, 1994, reprinted in El Financiero, June 12, 1994, at 22
(translation by the author).




n170  Parajes means a spot or area. The Concise American Heritage Spanish
Dictionary 209 (1989).




n171  Rechaza el EZLN las Propuestas del Gobierno, El Financiero, June 12, 1994,
at 22. Comunicado del Comite Clandestino Revolucionario Indigena--Comandancia
General del Ejercito Zapatista de Liberacion Nacional, Mexico, 10 de Junio de
1994.




n172  Id.




n173  Augusta Dwyer, Land Fever: Peasant Takeovers of Farmland Have Chiapas
Ranchers Fuming, El Financiero (Int. ed.), June 27, 1994-July 3, 1994, at 16.




n174  Probably the most infamous incident associated with this type of violation
was the massacre at Plaza de las Tres Culturas in Mexico City on October 2,
1968, and the suspects who were interrogated at the Army's Campo Militar No. 1.
See Elena Poniatowska, La Noche de Tlatelolco (Editorial Siglo XXI, Mexico,
1978).




n175  Tod Robberson (The Washington Post), Patrick J. McDonnell, Juanita Darling
and Marjorie Miller (The Los Angeles Times), Anthony DePalma and Tim Golden (The
New York Times), S. Lynne Walker (The San Diego Union Tribune), David Clark
Scott (The Christian Science Monitor), et al.

    In Mexico, Jorge G. Castaneda, Miguel Angel Granados Chapa, Adolfo Aguilar
Zinser, Rodolfo F. Pena, Guillermo Correa, Salvador Corro, Julio Cesar Lopez,
Elena Gallegos, Antonio Quevedo, Judith Calderon, Rosa Rojas, Pascual Salanueva,
Sergio Aguayo, Rodolfo Stavenhagen, Mariclaire Acosta, etc., write regularly on
human rights violations in La Jornada, Uno mas Uno, El Financiero, the weekly
Proceso, etc. For an excellent compilation of 85 newspaper and weekly's articles
on the Chiapas insurrection, see The Uprising in Chiapas, supra note 60.




n176  In the late 1980s, some State governments started creating official
structures in Mexico for the protection of human rights. This proliferation of
protective agencies culminated in the creation of the Comision Nacional de
Derechos Humanos, by President Salinas de Gortari in 1990. See, e.g., the
reports of Direccion P la Defensa de los Derechos Humanos (created in 1979);
Procuraduria P la Defensa del Indigena (1986); Procuraduria Social de la Montana
(1987); Procuraduria de Proteccion Ciudadana (1988); Direccion General de
Derechos Humanos de la Secretaria de Gobernacion (1989); Procuradurias de Pobres
de San Luis Potosi (1989); Comision de Derechos Humanos (1989); Comision
Nacional de Derechos Humanos (Mexico City, 1990). Jorge Carpizo, Derechas
Humanos y Ombudsman 11-14 (1993).




n177  The U.S. Department of State systematically monitors human rights
developments in Mexico in general, as well as when they involve U.S. citizens. A
"90-day report" submitted to the U.S. Congress, for example, states: "During the
last reporting quarter the Embassy and our Consulates in Mexico have received
notice of twenty-two crimes of violence against American citizens . . . . The
Embassy is also concerned with an increasing number of reports from many parts
of the country of serious abuse of authority by persons wearing the uniforms and
claiming to be members of the Federal Judicial Police." The 19th 90-Day Report
of Mexico, Current Developments in Mexico. Hearing before the Subcommittee on
Human Rights and International Organizations, and on Western Hemisphere Affairs,
101st Cong., 2d Sess. 24 (1990) [hereinafter Current Developments]. The general
situation of human rights in that country is also reported annually in the State
Department's "Country Reports on Human Rights Practices."

    The U.S. Congress, through its Subcommittee on Human Rights and
International Organizations, and on Western Hemisphere Affairs, conducts
periodic hearings on human rights questions in Mexico.




n178  The official reports are: 1) North American Free Trade Agreement-Mexico's
Political and Legal Environment for Doing Business: Hearing Before the Committee
on Small Business, 103d Cong., 1st Sess. (1993); 2) Speech of Jorge Madrazo
Cuellar, President of the CNDH, at an official ceremony to present the
Commission's annual report (May 1993-May 1994) at the presidential residence of
"Los Pinos" in Mexico City on June 6, 1994; and 3) Comision Nacional de Derechos
Humanos, Informe Anual, Mayo 1993-Mayo 1994, Mexico, D.F., Junio de 1994.




n179  For a discussion on human rights in Mexico during the administration of
President Salinas, see Mariclaire Acosta, Los Derechos Humanos en Mexico:
Balance Sexenal, El Nacional (Suplemento Especial), June 12, 1994, at vi-viii.




n180  The reports from the U.S. non-governmental organizations are: (A) Amnesty
International, USA, Current Developments, supra note 177, at 31 (statement of
Rona Weitz, Deputy Director, Washington Office); (B) Mexico: Amnesty
International Delegation in Mexico Confirms Reports of Human Rights Violations
During Chiapas Uprising. (AI Index: AMR 41/WU) March 1994; (C) Human Rights
Watch/Americas, VI(3) Mexico. The New Year's Rebellion: Violations of Human
Rights and Humanitarian Law during the Armed Revolt in Chiapas, Mexico (March 1,
1994); (D) Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights, No Double Standard in
International Law: Linkage of NAFTA with Hemispheric System of Human Rights
(Dec. 1992); (E) Americas Watch, Unceasing Abuses. Human Rights in Mexico One
Year After the Introduction of Reform (Sept. 1991); and (F) A Policy of
Impunity, supra note 151.




n181  For an account on the Mexican Army and the military theater of operations,
see Robberson, supra note 14; Tim Golden, Mexican Army is Said to Abuse Rebel
Suspects, N.Y. Times, Jan. 24, 1994, at A1; and Juanita Darling, Mexican Army
Under Fire From Two Sides, L.A. Times, Dec. 25, 1993, at A10.




n182  See Robberson, supra note 14, at A-21.




n183  See Robberson, supra note 70, at A-13.




n184  See Robberson, supra note 14, at A-21.




n185  Id.




n186  Golden, supra note 181, at A1.




n187  See Correa et al., supra note 18 and the corresponding text. The human
rights violations of the Army are summarized by Proceso as follows:


    1. Direct bombing of civilian towns and villages;

    2. Illegal detention of persons;

    3. Outright arbitrary searches and seizures of private house dwellings;

    4. Abuses of authority;

    5. Intimidation and threats, both to individual persons and to communities;

    6. Torture;

    7. Forced and involuntary disappearance of persons;

    8. Homicide of civilians; and

    9. Summary execution of civilians.


    Correa et al., supra note 18, at 6.




n188  See Comision Nacional de Derechos Humanos, Informe Anual: Mayo 1993-Mayo
1994, 620-47 (1994) [hereinafter Informe Anual]. This annual report expanded
upon the CNDH's Special Report to the Public Opinion on the Activities and
Considerations of the CNDH in the Case of the Highlands and the Jungle of
Chiapas, Gaceta 44, CNDH, Ciudad de Mexico, Marzo 1994 at 17-23 (translation by
the author) [hereinafter Special Report].




n189  Programa Permanente de la CNDH en los Altos y Selva de Chiapas, Section 9:
"Casos Especialmente Importantes radicados en la Coordinacion General P los
Altos y Selva de Chiapas," Id. at 634-47. This section lists eleven "especially
important cases" involving alleged violations committed by (1) elements of the
Mexican Army, (2) the Secretariat of National Defense (Sedena), (3) the Attorney
General's Office (PGR), (4) the First Federal District Judge in Tuxtla Gutierrez
and (5) the Mayor of San Juan Chamula. The CNDH does not explain why these cases
are "especially important." These cases range from summary executions, aerial
attacks and torture to attacks against journalists, burial of victims in illegal
massive graves and violent expulsions of indigenous peoples. Id.




n190  For a breakdown of the violations, see app. 1.




n191  Id.




n192  The CNDH has not provided a distinction between "illegal deprivation of
freedom" and "arbitrary detentions."




n193  Informe Anual, supra note 188, at 621-24; see also app. 1. This
enumeration does not include the 29 persons who are still missing, listed under
the category of "disappearances," initially reported as including 432
individuals by the CNDH.




n194  Ordinary criminal offenses will not be addressed in this article. These
crimes include, for example, homicide, theft, abuse of authority, illegal
deprivation of freedom, damages to property, etc.




n195  See Const. arts. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, and 11 (Mex.).




n196  The CNDH expressly recognized the existence of problems to the
constitutional rights of transit and assembly. Special Report, supra note 188,
at 17.




n197  Const., art. 11 (Mex.).




n198  Const., art. 9 (Mex.).




n199  Article 29 of the Mexican Constitution provides that the suspension of
constitutional rights may be ordered by the President of the Republic, "in the
case of invasion, grave disturbance that alters the public peace or any other
action placing the society in a situation of grave danger or conflict." This
suspension may be applied nationally, or may be limited to a specific place,
suspending those "constitutional rights that may be an obstacle for confronting
the situation in a rapid and direct manner." However, the suspension should be
for a limited period of time, established through general notices and not
restrained to a specific individual. Const., art. 29 (Mex.) (translation by the
author).

    The President of the CNDH asserted that: "The President of Mexico ordered
that the Mexican Army and the security forces conduct their actions in full
compliance with human rights. And that the Presidency will investigate cases
where these orders were not followed." Special Report, supra note 188, at 18.




n200  Id.




n201  Const., art. 14 (Mex.) (translation by the author).




n202  Const., art. 16 (Mex.) (translation by the author).




n203  In its Annual Report 1994, the CNDH officially acknowledges it received
274 complaints to human rights violations affecting 889 persons. The Commission
reports 57 arbitrary detentions, 54 cases of injuries, 42 of abuse of authority,
13 of theft, 10 of damage to property and 2 illegal entry into homes, among
other violations. See app. 1; Informe Anual, supra note 188, at 621-624.




n204  Mexico: The New Year's Rebellion, supra note 180, at 11.




n205  The CNDH reported 461 disappearances, 57 arbitrary detentions, 37 cases of
threats and intimidation, 10 of illegal deprivation of freedom and 2
kidnappings, among other violations. See App. 1; Informe Anual, supra note 188,
at 621-24.




n206  Golden, supra note 181, at A7.




n207  Id. at A1, A7.




n208  Mexico: The New Year's Rebellion, supra note 180, at 11 (emphasis added).
For a detailed account of these abusive practices, see Section V:
"Disappearances, Arbitrary Arrest and Detention, Torture, and Cruel Treatment in
Detention".




n209  Informe Anual, supra note 188, at 625-26.




n210  Id. at 626.




n211  Id.




n212  Tod Robberson, Non-Indians Lead Mexico's Uprising, Says President Salinas
as Rebels Flee, Wash. Post, Jan. 7, 1994, at A-12 (emphasis added). See also
text accompanying supra note 18.




n213  A Policy of Impunity, supra note 151.




n214  Id. See also the statements made by the representatives of Amnesty
International, Minnesota Lawyers' Human Rights Committee and the U.S. Department
of State. Current Developments, supra note 177, at 3.




n215  For an official opinion on the "mistreatment of detainees by Mexican
police, particularly the Mexican Federal Judicial Police, or MFJP," see the
testimony of Sally G. Cowal, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of
Inter-American Affairs, U.S. Department of State. Current Developments, supra
note 177, at (vi).




n216  A Policy of Impunity, supra note 151, at 9. "Torture and ill treatment are
prevalent throughout Mexico. Most branches of the security forces at both the
federal and state levels have been implicated. Torture is also practiced by the
Intelligence Directorate, and to a lesser extent, by the municipal police and
the armed forces." Current Developments, supra note 177 (Statement of Rona
Weitz, Deputy Director, Washington Office, Amnesty International, USA).




n217  Current Developments, supra note 177, at 87 (statement of Daniel Gerdts of
the Minnesota Lawyers International Human Rights Committee).




n218  Current Developments, supra note 177, at 38.




n219  Ley Federal P Prevenir y Sancionar la Tortura (i.e. Federal Act to Prevent
and Sanction Torture), D.O. of December 27, 1991, amended by decree of D.O. of
July 2, 1992 reprinted in Legislacion Sobre Derechos Humanos 87 (1993)
[hereinafter Legislacion].




n220  Id. at 88. (translation and emphasis by the author).




n221  Id.




n222  Id. at 89.




n223  Id. at 89-90.




n224  Id. at 90.




n225  Proceso, supra note 18, at 6 (translation by the author).




n226  Golden, supra note 181, at A1.




n227  Id. (emphasis added). Gabriel Guerra Castellanos, a spokesman for
President Salinas, declined to comment on various reports of abuses by the Army
when asked by The New York Times reporter during his visit to Morelia, Chiapas.
Id.




n228  Informe Anual, supra note 188, at 634-647; see also app. 1. Given the
peculiar way of drafting utilized by the CNDH to report these incidents, it is
impossible differentiate between torture and summary execution cases. Most
probably, the cases reported involved the commission of both crimes, although
this is not officially acknowledged by the CNDH.




n229  Regarding the executions of "at least five persons following a battle in
Ocosingo. Between five and eleven persons were displayed after the battle. Each
had his hands tied behind his back and a bullet through the head. The Mexican
Attorney General's Office quickly 'cleared' the military of any wrongdoing, but
widespread criticism of the cover-up prompted the Army to begin its own
investigation." Petition for Interim and Permanent Measures regarding the
Systematic Violation of the American Convention on Human Rights and Other
International Covenants in Chiapas, Mexico. January 1, 1994 to the Present 12
(Feb. 10, 1994).




n230  The CNDH, in its 1994 Annual Report, reached the conclusion that the
killings of the five persons executed in Ocosingo's municipal market "were the
product of maneuvers of summary execution," the CNDH added that "The PGR
informed that no element of the Mexican Army had any involvement in said
incidents," since in accordance with the PGR's investigations, "at the time of
the death of these five persons the military actions were taking place outside
the town of Ocosingo." Id. at 635.




n231  Physicians for Human Rights and Human Rights Watch/Americas, Mexico:
Waiting for Justice in Chiapas 116 (1994).




n232  Id.




n233  Bernal Diaz is famous for his Historia Verdadera de la Conquista de la
Nueva Espana (The True History of the Conquest of the New Spain), written in
1568 and published in 1632. Simply written, this book is an eyewitness account
of the invasion and conquest of Mexico narrated from a soldier's personal
viewpoint.




n234  See Vision de los Vencidos. Relaciones Indigenas de la Conquista (Vision
of the Vanquished. Indian Relations of the Conquest). Translated from the
Nahuatl by Angel Maria Garibay and edited by Miguel Leon-Portilla. Universidad
Nacional Autonoma de Mexico, 1984.




n235  See Guillermo Floris Margadant, Official Mexican Attitudes Toward the
Indians: An Historical Essay, 54 Tulane L. Rev. 964 (1980).




n236  For a review of the ideas advanced by these authors, see Rodolfo
Stavenhagen, De Como Subyugar a los Naturales, in Derecho Indigena y Derechos
Humanos en America Latina 13-22 (1988) (How to Subjugate the Naturals:
Indigenous Law and Human Rights in Latin America) [hereinafter Derecho
Indigena].




n237  Id. at 16. (translation by author)




n238  Id. at 17-18 (translation by the author).




n239  Id. at 17.




n240  Id.




n241  Criollos means native. The Concise American Heritage Spanish Dictionary 74
(1989).




n242  Prof. Margadant asserts that "From 1821 to 1910, after Independence but
before the Mexican Revolution, the Indian was officially considered a citizen
equal to all other in the eyes of the law . . . This egalitarian philosophy,
however, did not guarantee the Indian a comfortable role in Mexican society, for
the Indian remains politically and economically vulnerable." See supra note 235,
at 964-65 (emphasis added).




n243  See Salomon Nahmad, Indigenismo Oficial y Luchas Indigenas en Mexico,
(Official Indian Policy and Indian Struggles in Mexico), in Derecho Indigena,
supra note 236.




n244  To support this assertion, Salomon Nahmad cites an 1811 decree issued by
Jose Maria Morelos, in which "the most radical of Mexico's independence leaders"
wrote: "that our system is only leading to the notion that the political and
military government which resides in the Europeans, changes to the criollos. .
." Id. at 301.




n245  Id.




n246  Id. at 302.




n247  Id.




n248  Id.




n249  The Plan of San Luis Potosi was issued on October 5, 1910. It contained
eleven sections, proposing, inter alia: (1) That the Federal Constitution of
1857, and the principle of "Effective suffrage, no reelection," be declared the
"Supreme law of the Republic"; (2) No recognition of President Porfirio Diaz'
government; (3) Francisco I. Madero assumes the Executive Power of Mexico, as
"Provisional President"; (4) That on November 20, 1910, all Mexicans "take the
arms to expel out of power the current governing authorities." For the text of
this proclamation, see Felipe Tena Ramirez. Leyes Fundamentales de Mexico,
1808-1991 732-39 (Ed. Porrua, 16th ed., Mexico, 1991) [hereinafter Leyes
Fundamentales].




n250  Id. at 736.




n251  This Plan was formed by 15 sections. Basically, it was issued against the
government of Madero and the proposals contained in the Plan de San Luis. For
the text of Plan de Ayala, see Leyes Fundamentales, id. at 740-43.




n252  Section 7, Plan de Ayala, id. at 742.




n253  The term cientificos (scientists) was used to refer to a very small circle
of official advisors to President Porfirio Diaz, that gained notoriety during
the Diaz dictatorship. In general, the cientificos were very wealthy
aristocrats, members of the cabinet, most of whom educated in France. Lesley
Byrd Simpson, Many Mexicos 261 (1952).




n254  Section 6, Leyes Fundamentales, supra note 249, at 742.




n255  Mexico's Federal Constitution, composed of 136 articles, was promulgated
on February 5, 1917. The Constitution was produced by a Constitutional Congress
(i.e. Congreso Constituyente) held in the city of Queretaro in late 1916 and
early 1917. The Constitutional Congress started its work by discussing a
Constitutional draft produced by President Venustiano Carranza. Amended some 365
times, the 1917 Constitution continues to be in force today. On this matter, see
Jorge Carpizo, La Constitucion Mexicana de 1917 (1980).




n256  Id.




n257 " Social rights" are those constitutionally recognized in favor of certain
specific groups, such as laborers and campesinos, and more recently, consumers.
This explicit recognition by the State has led to the conception of Mexican law
as divided into three large branches: the traditional Public and Private law,
widely recognized within the civil legal tradition, the emerging branch of
"Social Law," formed by Labor law and Consumer protection law and, in recent
years, Environmental law. Id. at 154-62. Article 123 of the Mexican Constitution
represents the Pdigm of said "Social rights." Id.




n258  For the text of this article, see Leyes Fundamentales, supra note 249, at
775.




n259  Nahmad, in Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 304 (translation by the
author).




n260  Id.




n261  Article 28 of the Argentinean Constitution of 1819 provides:


    The Indians, being equal in dignity and rights to the other citizens, shall
enjoy the same privileges and shall be governed by the same laws. . . . The
legislative body shall efficiently promote the well-being of the naturals
through laws that will improve their condition until they are at the same level
of the other classes of the State.


    reprinted in Luiz Diaz Muller & Tania Carrasco, El Derecho Indigina, in
Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 48 (translation by the author).




n262  The new Guatemalan Constitution of May 31, 1985, provides in its Article
66:


    Protection to Ethic Groups: Guatemala is formed by different ethnic groups,
among them the indigenous groups of a Mayan origin. The State recognizes,
respects and promotes their way of living, customs, traditions, forms of social
organization, the use of indigenous costumes in men and women, languages and
dialects.


    This Constitution devotes Section III, Chapter II, Title I to "Indigenous
Communities."Reprinted in id. at 56 (translation by the author).




n263  In July of 1985, the Sandinista government gave national circulation and
discussed extensively the official document: "Principles and Policies for the
Exercise of the Rights of Autonomy of the Indigenous Peoples and Communities in
the Atlantic Coast of Nicaragua." Many of the principles contained in this
document were incorporated in the new Constitution of Nicaragua, enacted on
November 19, 1986. For instance, Article 8 of this Constitution reads: "The
people of Nicaragua are of a multiethnic nature." and Article 11: "Spanish is
the official language of the State. The languages of the Communities in the
Atlantic Coast of Nicaragua shall also have official use in the cases
established by the law." Reprinted in id. at 57-58 (translation by the author).




n264  The Constitution of Panama (amended in 1978 and 1983) establishes: "The
State shall guarantee to the Indian communities the amount of necessary lands
and the collective property of the same to promote their economic and social
well-being. . ." Reprinted in id. at 60 (translation by the author).




n265  The 1967 Constitution of Paraguay refers to the "Statute on Indigenous
Communities" (Ley Num. 904-1981). Its Article 1 recognizes the legal equality of
the Indians in relation with the other citizens, and Article 50 consecrates the
protection of the human rights of indians. Id. at 50.




n266  If it is considered that the 1910 Revolution was initiated and fueled by
the indigenous peoples of Mexico principally to obtain recognition from the
government regarding rights they considered to be inherent (the rights to own
land, to be recognized as a special ethnic community with its own language,
culture and system of justice, and to enjoy basic constitutional rights); it is
then Pdoxical that in the final text of the 1917 Constitution, which was
formulated as a consequence of the triumph of the revolution, no reference was
made to any of the demands advanced by the indigenous peoples or even to their
presence in Mexico as a part of that country's population. Since the
Constitution was promulgated in early 1917 until 1992, when its Article 4 was
amended, its text did not contain any reference to the existence of indigenous
groups as a part of Mexico's population. The only indirect reference that the
1917 Constitution contained in that regard, was the following:


    VII. - The legal personality of groups of population in ejidos and
communities is recognized, and their land property for human settlements and for
productive activities is hereby protected.


    Const. art. 27, P. VII (Mex.) (emphasis and translation by the author).




n267  Nahmad, in Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 300.




n268  Id. at 304.




n269  Const., art. 4 (Mex.) (translation by the author).




n270  For the text of Article 66 see supra note 262. Other articles establish
special protective measures and programs especially designed for the benefit of
indigenous peoples, such as financial and technical assistance, bilingual
education, legal title over lands that "historically belonged" to indigenous
communities, land distribution and labor protections to individual members of
indigenous groups when they work outside their own rural communities. See
generally id.




n271  Although Mexico's amendment to Article 4 of its Constitution was made in
1992, to date President Salinas has not enacted the corresponding "Ley
Reglamentaria." It is up to the new administration of President Zedillo to
introduce to Congress the pertinent legislative bill. Without the enactment of
this implementing legislation, the content of article 4 is merely aspirational.




n272  Nemesio Rodriguez, Los Movimientos Indios y sus Planteamientos, in

    Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 163. Similar requests have been made in
subsequent indigenous congresses without any results, so far.




n273  Nahmad, in Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 304.




n274  The 56 indigenous peoples are: Amuzgo, Cochimi, Cora, Cucapa, Cuicateco,
Chatino, Chihimeca, Chinanteca, Chol, Chontal-Maya, Chocho-Mixteco, Chuj,
Driqui-Triqui, Guarojio, Huave, Huasteco, Huichol, Hocano, Ixcateco, Kikapu,
Kiligua, Kumial, Lacandon, Mame, Matlazinca, Maya, Mayo, Mazahua, Mazateco,
Mixe, Mixteco, Motozintleco, Nahuatl, Ocuiteco, Otomi, Pai-pai, Papago, Pima,
Popoloca, Popoluca, Purepecha, Seri, Tarahumara, Tepehua, Tepehuano, Tlapaneco,
Tojolabal, Totonaco, Tzeltal, Tzotzil, Yaqui, Yuma, Zapoteco and Zoque, Carlos
Duran Alcantara, Legislacion en Materia de Poblaciones Indias, in Derechos
Contemporaneos de los Pueblos Indios 100 (1992).




n275  Nahmad, in Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 313.




n276  Id. at 315.




n277  Id. at 315.




n278  Id.




n279  Id. At the First Congress of the National Council of Indigenous Peoples in
1975 it was demanded that, through legislation, the President of Mexico should
declare as official languages "the indigenous languages that exist in our
country, especially if it is considered that until now those indigenous
languages have been despised, reputing them as valueless since they do not
fulfill a social function as vehicles or instruments of communication."
(Translation by the author). Id. at 315. Regarding bilingual education for
indigenous peoples in Mexico, see Julio Garduno Cervantes, El Final del Silencio
(1983).




n280  See supra note 256 and accompanying text.




n281  The granting, holding and regulation of different types of agricultural
lands, and the intense and persistent problems associated with this process, is
at the core of Agrarian Law. Politically, this land program, and its impact upon
indigenous communities, was turned into the most important rural program by the
PRI, under the label of "Reforma Agraria" (i.e. agrarian reform). On these
matters, see Martha Chavez Padron, Derecho Agrario en Mexico (Ed. Porrua,
Mexico, 1993); Raul Lemus Garcia, Derecho Agrario Mexicano (Ed. Limusa, Mexico,
1992).




n282  In the most recent Americas Watch Report (June 1990), ch. VI, devoted to "
Rural Violence" reads:


    Rural violence is an unabating problem in Mexico. It grows out of
long-standing disputes over land and out of frustrations by peasants and members
of Indian communities over the inadequacies of Mexico's land reform program. The
Mexican government responds as though the violence were an inevitable by-product
of landrelated tensions in the countryside, and rarely intervenes.


    A Policy of Impunity, supra note 151.




n283  Prudencio Moscoso Pastrana, Rebeliones Indigenas en los Altos de Chiapas
(1992); Maria del Carmen Leon Cazares, Un Levantamiento en Nombre del Rey
Nuestro Senor (1988); Graciela Flores Lua et al, Las Voces del Campo: Movimiento
Campesino y Politica Agraria, 1976-1984 (XXX Editores 1988); Ana Bella Perez
Castro, Entre Montanas y Cafetales: Luchas Agrarias en el Norte de Chiapas
(1989); Ana Maria Salaza, La Participacion Estatal y la Comercializacion del
Cafe en el Estado de Chiapas (1988). See also Rodriguez (Chap. VI) and
Violaciones a los Derechos Indigenas, (Chap. VII) in Derecho Indigena, supra
note 236, at 145-206 and 207-216, respectively.




n284  Some of the most recent publications include Amnesty International,
Mexico: Los Derechos Humanos en Zonas Rurales: Intercambio de Documentos con el
Gobierno Mexicano sobre Violaciones de los Derechos Humanos en Oaxaca y Chiapas
(1986) [hereinafter Derechos Humanos en Zonas Rurales]; A Policy of Impunity,
supra note 151; Americas Watch, Unceasing Abuses: Human Rights in Mexico One
Year After the Introduction of Reform (Sept. 1991) [hereinafter Unceasing
Abuses]; Conquest Continued, supra note 12; and Minnesota Advocates for Human
Rights, Civilians at Risk: Military and Police Abuses in the Mexican Countryside
(Aug. 1993) [hereinafter Civilians at Risk].




n285  Regarding the "restitution of lands and waters" under Agrarian Law, see
Mario Ruiz Massieu, Derecho Agrario Revolucionario, 321-27 (1987).




n286  Nahmad, in Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 306.




n287  Id.




n288  Id.




n289  Id. In a recent report produced at the end of a fact-finding mission "to
investigate current human rights practices in the State of Chiapas," Minnesota
Advocates for Human Rights (MAHR) concluded: "Where the complexity of the
current legal status of land makes the regularization of land tenancy disputes
and petitions impracticable within reasonable time limits, investigate and
propose alternate temporary measures which impart a sense of justice and
fairness for all concerned." Conquest Continued, supra note 12, at 71.




n290  Nahmad, in Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 306-07. For a detailed
account of the arbitrary and illegal acts committed against Indians in Chiapas,
see Agrarian Conflict and Constitutional Changes (Chap. VII) Conquest Continued,
supra note 12, at 59-69.




n291  Conquest Continued, supra note 12, at 62.




n292  Id.




n293


    The PRI has dominated Chiapas politics for more than six decades. Over the
past several years, however, it has enjoyed such an impressive showing at the
polls that critics have questioned the validity of the vote. In 1991, for
example, the PRI won 100% of the vote in 50 municipalities, ranking Chiapas as
its strongest State.


    Walker, supra note 46, at A8.




n294  Such groups include: Coordinadora Nacional Plan d Ayala (CNPA); Movimiento
d Unificacion y Lucha Triqui (MULT); Coalicion Obrera Campensina Estudiantil del
Istmo (COCEI); Organizacion Campesina Emiliano Zapata (CEZ); and Central
Independiente de Obreros Agricolas y Campesinos (CIOAC). For a detailed
description of each of these organizations, see Derechos Humanos en Zonas
Rurales, supra note 284, at 18.




n295  Id. at 19. The CIOAC was formed in 1975 and is affiliated to the Socialist
Unified Party of Mexico (PSUM).




n296  McDonnell, supra note 6, at 32.




n297  See Derechos Humanos en Zonas Rurales, supra note 284, at 20-41.




n298  Id.




n299  For a reference to the content of this 45-page memorandum, dated October
31, 1984, see Derechos Humanos en Zonas Rurales, supra note 284, at 13. In this
memorandum Amnesty International expressed its concern on certain reports
indicating that "members of organizations and peasant groups of the opposition,
implicated in land disputes for land tenure, had lost their lives in
circumstances suggesting that they had been summarily executed. . ." In
addition, it made reference to "cases of detentions not acknowledged [by the
authorities] and torture in both states" [Chiapas and Oaxaca], and provided
specific details in cases involving eight inmates criminally accused or
convicted, but considered as prisoners of conscience by Amnesty International
(translation by author).




n300 " Los Derechos Humanos en el Sureste de Mexico. Conclusiones de una
Investigacion de Amnistia Internacional en torno a violaciones de los Derechos
Humanos en los Estados de Oaxaca y Chiapas," November 22, 1985, reprinted in id.
at 12-15.




n301  Formally, Mexico has two civil codes: one federal, which applies
throughout Mexico on federal matters and to the Federal District (Mexico City)
on ordinary matters; and 31 state codes, one for each state forming the Republic
of Mexico. Inspired by French, Spanish, German and Italian legal sources, this
code is divided into four books: Persons, Assets, Succession and Contracts. It
was published in Mexico's Official Daily (Diario Oficial or D.O.) on March 26,
1926, entering into force on October 1, 1932. It has been amended several times,
most recently by decree published in D.O. January 7, 1988.




n302  Article 10 of the Civil Code for the Federal District provides:


    The Mexican laws apply to all persons located in the Republic [of Mexico],
as well as to actions and factual happenings which have taken place within its
territory or jurisdiction and to those [actions or happenings] which have
submitted to said laws, save when these laws provide for the application of
foreign law and save, further, what is provided in the treaties and conventions
to which Mexico is a party.


    Codigo Civil Para el Distrito Federal, 59th ed. (Editorial Porrua 1991)
(Mex.) at 42 (translation by the author).




n303  See Nahmad, in Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 309.




n304  The conciseness of this note suggests the need of legal researchers in
Mexico to identify and analyze the legal content of indigenous customary law--a
true "Mexican Ethnic Law"-- as well as to contribute to enrich this new law
based upon the latest international trends in this field.




n305  For some interesting cases involving the application of "indigenous
customary law" in civil and penal areas, see Nahmad in Derecho Indigena, supra
note 236, at 309-12.




n306  As previously reported, in response to the mounting political pressure
that indigenous peoples have been exerting for decades upon the federal
government, President Salinas de Gortari decided to amend Article 4 of Mexico's
Constitution in 1992, adding a short Pgraph to finally recognize some of the
most fundamental rights of indigenous peoples. See supra notes 269-71 and
accompanying text.




n307  See generally Nahmad, in Derecho Indigena, supra note 236, at 312 and 310
respectively. For example, certain indigenous groups engage in the practice of
certain forms of collective work for the benefit of a given community; peasants
help a campesino when the family members of the campesino family are not able to
assist with the agricultural labor or when the campesino has no money to pay
workers for these services. This collective form of labor assists in preparing
the land for seeding, picking up the crops, and even building houses. Id. at
313.

    In the penal law area, customary law among certain indigenous groups
provides, for instance, that a member of a given indigenous community who
murders another member contracts the obligation of providing sustenance to the
victim's widow and children. Id. at 310.




n308  See Fernando Benitez, Los Indios de Mexico (1981).




n309  Depending upon the ethnic group in question, these groups of elderly or
wise men are known as "Los Mandones" or "Los Gobernadores." Id.




n310  Some of these early scholars included Bernal Diaz del Castillo, Clavijero,
Motolinia, etc. See Guillermo F. Margadant, Introduccion a la Historia del
Derecho Mexicano 9-26 (Ed. Esfinge. 6th ed., Mexico, 1984); and Maria del
Refugio Gonzalez, Historia del Derecho Mexicano, Introduccion al Derecho
Mexicano11-108 (Instituto de Investigaciones Juridicas. UNAM, 2d. ed., Mexico,
1983).




n311  Jacinto Pallares, Historia del Derecho Mexicano, Curso Completo de Derecho
Mexicano (Exposicion Filosofica y Doctrinal de Toda la Legislacion Mexicana)
Mexico, 1904.




n312  Toribio Esquivel Obregon, Apuntes Para la Historia del Derecho en Mexico
(Editorial Polis, Mexico, 1937).




n313  See Lucio Mendieta y Nunez, El Derecho Precolonial (Editorial Porrua.
Cuarta edicion, Mexico, 1981).




n314  The constitutional amendment to Article 4, made by President Salinas de
Gortari in 1992, appears to have generated some interest among legal researchers
on the topic of human rights of indigenous peoples in Latin America. See, e.g.,
Derecho Indigena, supra note 236.




n315  See the works of the eminent internationalist Cesar Sepulveda; in
particular, Chapter VII: Expliacion Bajo Otro Nombre (1846-1848), La Frontera
Norte de Mexico. Historia, Conflictos, 1762-975 57-80 (1976). See also Glen W.
Price, Origins of the War with Mexico: The Polk-Stockton Intrigue (1967);
Charles Seller, James K. Polk. Continentalist, 1843-1846 (1966); Richard W. Van
Alstyne, The Rising American Empire (1960) and Richard R. Stenberg, President
Polk and California: Additional Documents, Pacific Historical Rev., June, 1941,
at 217-20.




n316  A Policy of Impunity, supra note 151, at 83.




n317  Id.




n318  Id.




n319  U.S. Department of State 1993 Human Rights Report 2 (1994) (emphasis
added). This official report comprises the following five sections: 1) Respect
for the Integrity of the Person; 2) Respect for Civil Liberties; 3) Respect for
Political Rights; 4) Governmental Attitude regarding International and
Nongovernmental Investigation of Alleged Violations of Human Rights; 5)
Discrimination based on Race, Sex, Religion, Disability, Language, or Social
Status; and 6) Worker Rights.




n320  William Chapman, End to Ban on Chile Aid Voted, Senate Would Allow Reagan
to Resume Military Assistance; Senate Votes, 86 to 0, to Repeal Ban on Military
Assistance to Chile, Wash. Post, Oct. 23, 1981, at A1.




n321  Alan Riding, U.S. Loses Ground in Central America and Backs Changes in a
Bid to Recoup, N.Y. Times, July 9, 1980, at A10.




n322  Paul Houston, Senate Says No To Bush China Policy, L.A. Times, July 24,
1991, at A1.




n323  Hearing Before the Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere Affairs, of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, 101st Cong., 20th Sess. 1 (1994) (statement of
Alexander F. Watson. Asst. Sec. of State) [hereinafter Western Hemisphere
Affairs].




n324  United States exports to Mexico rose 15.7 percent, to a record $ 11.85
billion, seasonally adjusted, in the first quarter compared with the comPble
quarter a year earlier, according to the Commerce Department. Imports from
Mexico rose 22.5 percent, to a record $ 11.29 billion. That narrowed the
nation's quarterly trade surplus with Mexico by 45.1 percent, to $ 560 million.
Allen R. Meyerson, U.S.-Mexico Trade Advances Sharply Under New Accord, N.Y.
Times, June 6, 1994, at A1.




n325  U.S. Says Mexico Vastly Improving Its Anti-Drug War, U.P.I., Nov. 14,
1993, available in LEXIS, Nexis Library, UPI File.




n326  See generally Carpizo, supra note 176.




n327  At the federal level, the restructuring of the Attorney General's Office
and the creation of an Institute to train federal prosecutors deserves a special
mention. The creation of state commissions of human rights, directed by a
constitutional mandate, is a most significant development at the state level. On
these matters, see infra notes 333-334 and accompanying text.




n328  See infra notes 333-34 and accompanying text.




n329  Western Hemisphere Affairs, supra note 328, at 6.




n330  The 1989 amendments to the Penal Code created a number of crimes when
committed by policemen or by customs or immigration agents involved in an
investigation, including certain types of behavior associated with any kind of
public office (i.e. Abuso de autoridad). For an analysis of these amendments,
see Ruben Valdez Abascal, La Modernizacion Juridica Nacional Dentro del
Liberalismo Social 196-226 (1990).




n331  See Decreto que enmienda, adiciona y deroga varios articulos del Codigo
Penal P el Districto Federal (Decree that amends, adds and repeals several
articles of the Penal Code for the Federal District in Ordinary Matters and for
the entire Republic in Federal Matters, of the Federal Code of Penal Procedure,
of the Code of Penal Procedure for the Federal District, of the "Amparo" Act
(derived from Articles 103 and 107 of the Federal Constitution), and other
provisions, D.O. of January 10, 1994, Second Section, at 1-40 (translation by
the author).




n332  See, e.g., Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436 (1966). See also infra note
347 and accompanying text.




n333  The 1988 and 1989 amendments to the Code of Penal Procedure were directed
at strengthening the prosecutorial functions of the Agente del Ministerio
Publico (i.e. Public Prosecutor) and to control and regulate the functions of
the Judicial Police, who should "only assist" the Ministerio Publico. As a
result of these changes, the Judicial Police is no longer authorized to (1)
subpoena persons to render declarations, (2) receive declarations, (3) conduct
interrogatories, or (4) record in writing (i.e. levantar actas) any
declarations, statements or interrogatories; all of these official functions are
exclusively reserved to the Ministerio Publico now. See Abascal, supra note 330,
at 208.




n334  Id. at 208-09.




n335  Id. at 211-212; Rene Gonzalez de la Vega, la Justicia: Logros y Retos
(1993).




n336  Jorge Carpizo, Estudios Juridicos en Torno a la Constitucion Mexicana de
1917 en su LXXV Aniversario viii (1992) Dr. Carpizo wrote that since its
promulgation in 1917, the Constitution of Mexico has been amended 375 times.
During his tenure, President Salinas has amended the Constitution eleven times,
for a grand total of 383 amendments.




n337  Affecting the area of human rights, President Salinas has made amendments
to the following ten articles of Mexico's 1917 Constitution: Articles 3, 4, 5,
14, 16, 24, 27, 31, 102, Section B; and 130. See Jorge Madrazo, Derechos
humanos: el nuevo enfoque at mexicano 52, 91-101 (1993).




n338  The addition to Article 4 of the Constitution, recognizing "The Mexican
nation as having a pluricultural composition, originally based in its Indigenous
peoples," was accomplished by means of a Presidential decree published in D.O.
Jan. 28, 1992, supra note 293 and accompanying text.




n339  For more detailed information, see infra notes at 312-13 and accompanying
text.




n340  For a comment on the effects of these amendments, see U.S. Department of
State 1993 Human Rights Report, supra 319, at 2-9; and Current Developments,
supra note 177.




n341  See Madrazo, supra note 337, at 98. Based upon these amendments (D.O. of
March 5, 1993), the government of Mexico, inter alia, is empowered to impart not
only elementary education (as established since 1917) but also pre-school
(kindergarten) and secondary education.




n342  D.O. Jan. 6 and 28, 1992. For a commentary on these amendments, Madrazo,
supra note 337, at 95-96. Madrazo states that the amendments' objectives stemmed
from "the necessity of expanding justice and freedom in the countryside . . .
searching for a better legal certainty in the countryside, to capitalize it and
to protect and strengthen the ejido and the communal way of living." Madrazo,
supra note 243, at 95. This change allowed, inter alia, civil and commercial
corporations to operate in rural areas, provided said corporations complied with
limitations imposed on the "small individual property." (translation by the
author). Madrazo, supra note 337, at 95-96.




n343  See President Carlos Salinas de Gortari, Third State of the Nation Report.
Presidencia de la Republica. Mexico, November 1, 1991, at 20.




n344  D.O. January 28, 1992. See also Madrazo, supra note 337, at 100-101.




n345  Presidential decree amending several provisions of the Federal Code of
Penal Procedure and the Code of Penal Procedure for the Federal District, D.O.
January 8, 1991. For the respective texts, see Madrazo, supra note 337, at
221-46 (translation by the author).




n346  Presidential decree amending provisions of the Penal Code for the Federal
District in ordinary matters and for the entire Republic on federal matters; the
Federal Code of Penal Procedure, and the Code of Penal Procedure for the Federal
District, D.O. December 30, 1991. For these texts, see Madrazo, supra 337, at
247-63.




n347  Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436, 444, 478-79 (1966). Under Miranda, prior
to any custodial interrogation, the person must be warned that: (a) he has the
right to remain silent; (b) any statement he makes may be used as evidence
against him; (c) he has the right to the presence of an attorney; and (d) if he
cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed for him prior to any
questioning if he so desires. Unless and until these warnings or a waiver of
these rights are demonstrated at trial, no evidence obtained during the
interrogation may be used against the accused. See also Giordenello v. U.S., 357
U.S. 480, 485 (1958). According to the Court in Giordenello, a police officer
who wishes to obtain an arrest warrant must present to a magistrate or judge a
statement under oath setting forth the essential facts constituting the offense
and the facts that led the officer seeking the warrant to believe that the
defendant committed the act.




n348  See the works of these NGO's cited in supra note 284. In addition, see
Jail Conditions in Mexico Amnesty International, U.S.A.




n349  G.A. Res. 217A(III), U.N. Doc. A/810 at 17 (1948).




n350  International Covenant on Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights, Dec. 16,
1966, 993 U.N.T.S. 3. At the time of depositing the instrument of adhesion
(March 23, 1981), Mexico made a formal reservation in relation to Article 8 of
the Pact, regarding the formation of unions and the workers' right to strike.
Mexico's reservation provided that this article should be applied "under the
conditions and in conformity with the proceedings established by the pertinent
provisions of the Constitution and its complementary legislation" (translation
by the author). For the text of the reservation, see Pacto Internacional
Derechos Economicos Sociales y Culturales, D.O. of May 12, 1981, reprinted in
Legislacion, supra note 219, at 145-60.




n351  International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, Dec. 16, 1966, 999
U.N.T.S. 171 and 1057 U.N.T.S. 407, 6 I.L.M. 368 (1967). Mexico made two formal
reservations to Articles 13.1 and 25.1, P. (b) of the covenant, regarding the
expulsion of foreign nationals (since Article 33 of Mexico's Constitution grants
absolute power to the Mexican Executive to deport foreigners without any formal
proceedings) and the right to vote in free elections since Article 13 of
Mexico's Constitution provided (when the reservation was made) that the
"ministers of cults have neither an active nor a passive vote, nor the right to
associate for political purposes" (translation by the author). For the text of
this Pact, and the reservations, see Pacto Internacional de Derechos Civiles y
Politicos, D.O. May 20, 1981, reprinted in Legislacion, supra note 219, at
161-86. For a discussion of the Mexican Army's actions violating the covenant,
see Physicians for Human Rights and Human Rights Watch/Americas, supra note 231,
at 114.




n352  American Convention on Human Rights, Nov. 22, 1969, O.A.S. Treaty Ser. No.
36, O.A.S. Off. Rec. OEA/Ser.L/V/II.23 doc. 21 rev. 6 (1979). While depositing
its instrument of adhesion (March 24, 1981), Mexico made a declaration and a
formal reservation. See Convencion Americana Sobre Derechos Humanos, D.O. May 7,
1981, reprinted in Legislacion, supra note 219, at 187-219. In its recent
report, Human Rights Watch/Americas concludes: "Torture and cruel treatment, as
well as prolonged detention in violation of Mexican law, were common features of
Army detention." The New Years Rebellion, supra note 180, at 2. In its formal
petition before the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the
Organization of American States, asserts that on March 31, 1993, the Centro de
Derechos Humanos "Fray Bartolome de las Casas" issued a public statement
documenting the Mexican Army's involvement in detaining and torturing several
local residents after two members of the military were killed by unknown
attackers. Petition, supra note 229, at 5.




n353  Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment
or Punishment, Dec. 10, 1984, G.A. Res. 46, U.N. GAOR, 39th Sess., Supp. No. 51
at 197, U.N. Doc. A/39/51 (1984). Convencion Controla Tortura y Otros Tratos o
Pennnas Crueles, Inhumanos o Degradantes, D.O. March 6, 1986, reprinted in
Legislacion, supra note 219, at 221-28.




n354  Inter-American Convention to Prevent and Punish Torture, Dec. 9, 1985,
O.A.S. Treaty Ser. No. 67, O.A.S. Doc. OEA/Ser. P/AG/doc.2023/85 rev. 1, at 46.
D.O. of September 11, 1987.




n355  Convention on the Rights and Duties of States in the Event of Civil
Strife, Feb. 20, 1928, 46 Stat. 2749, 134 LNTS 45. Mexico adhered to this
convention on February 6, 1929; D.O. of March 18, 1929.




n356  International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial
Discrimination, Mar. 7, 1966, 660 U.N.T.S. 195, D.O. of January 13, 1975 and
January 18, 1975.




n357  D.O. of June 6, 1990. On the origins and constitutionality of the CNDH,
see Carpizo, supra note 326, at 115-34.




n358  Presidential decree that amends Article 102 of the Constitution, D.O.
January 28, 1992. For the text of this decree, see Madrazo, supra note 337, at
127-29. See also Carpizo, supra note 319, at 120-34.




n359  U.S. Department of State 1993 Human Rights Report, supra note 319, at 17
[hereinafter Human Rights Report].




n360  Stenographic version of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari's speech,
Segundo Informe anual de actividades de Jorge Madruzo Cuellar, Presidente de la
Comision Nacional de Derechos Humanos, Leido durante la ceremonia efectuada en
el Salon Manuel Avila Camacho de la Residencia official de los Pinos (Junio
1994) (translation by the author).




n361  See generally the organizations and reports mentioned in supra note 260,
in particular Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch.




n362  Alejandro Sobarzo, Nafta and Human Rights in Mexico, 27 U.C. Davis L. Rev.
607-24 (Summer 1994). See this article for a pro-government review of the
situation of human rights in Mexico. Dr. Sobarzo, a former Director of the PRI's
Office of International Relations, currently is the Regional Delegate of
Mexico's Secretariat of Foreign Affairs (SRE) in Sonora.




n363  Acosta, supra note 179, at vi.




n364  See, inter alia, A Policy of Impunity, supra note 151, at 9-21; Human
Rights Report, supra note 359, at 5-6; and Prepared Statement of Amnesty
International, U.S.A., in Current Developments, supra note 177, at 35-68.




n365  See Acosta, supra note 179, at vi.




n366  Larry Rochter, Can He Save Mexico?, N.Y. Times, Nov. 20, 1988, section 6,
at 34. It has been alleged that President Salinas, competing for the PRI, in
fact lost the presidential election in 1988 and that the winner was Cuauhtemoc
Cardenas, the PRD candidate. The official final count gave 51% of the votes to
the PRI and 49% to the PRD. The PRI publicly accepted that it had lost the
election in Mexico City, that favored the PRD.


    Salinas now finds himself with his own credibility in question. He won the
July 6 election with an unprecedently low 50.7 percent of the vote, and that
only after long delays in counting ballots--delays the opposition cited as proof
of massive vote fraud. Cardenas, who was officially awarded 31.1 percent of the
vote but claims he and his populist National Democratic Front were the true
victors, charges that the election proves that the P.R.I. is hopelessly corrupt
and incapable of reforming itself, and that Salinas has become the prisoner of
the very forces he says he wants to supplant.


    In its "Document of Demands for a Dignified Peace in Chiapas," dated March
1, 1994, the EZLN demanded the resignation of the Federal and State governments,
claiming that they reached power through electoral fraud. Demand 2, app. 2; 254
Boletin de Informacion Semanal de la Secretaria de Relaciones Exteriores, March
5, 1994, at 49 (translation and emphasis by the author).




n367  See Acosta, supra note 179, at vi.




n368  Acosta suggests that the CNDH's creation anteceded, by a few days, the
killing of the human rights advocate Norma Corona and the death threats made
against Jorge Castaneda. Id.




n369  See CNDH Recomendacion 53/94, dated April 14, 1994, at 2, 3, addressed to
the Attorney General of Mexico. The CNDH recommends that the criminal charges
filed before the First District Court in the State of Chiapas (Causa Penal 6/94)
be dismissed for lack of merit. It should be noted that the CNDH did not
formulate any charges, nor did it request the conduct of any investigation,
against the members of the Mexican Army and the public servants of the Attorney
General's Office for the "physical mistreatment" inflicted on the campesinos
(translation and emphasis by the author).




n370  See CNDH Recomendacion 58/94, April 14, 1994, at 5-7. Recommendation
regarding the Case of Expulsions in Different Places of the Municipality of San
Juan Chamula, Chiapas, addressed to the Governor of the State, the President of
the State Legislature and the Mayor. These expulsions were conducted by
municipal authorities and caciques because of religious persecution: the
expelled persons were not of the Catholic religion but Evangelists. The CNDH
states that neither an investigation, nor criminal charges were ever formulated
against those presumed responsible, thus causing "a climate of impunity in the
region or, worse, . . . a tacit invitation to the commission of illicit
conducts, denying the imparting of justice to the most unprotected sector of our
society: the Indians," Id. at 45. (Translation and emphasis by the author).




n371  Luis Villoro, Los Pueblos Indios y el Derecho a la Autonomia, Nexos No.
197, May 1994 at 41-47 (translation by the author).




n372  See Dinah Shelton, The Participation of Non-Governmental Organizations in
International Judicial Proceedings, 88 AJIL 611 (1994).




n373  Sexto Informe Presidencial (Sixth State of the Union Report), delivered
before the Federal Congress, San Lazaro Palace. Mexico City, November 1, 1994
(Mimeo version at 4) (translation by the author).




n374  In his last State of the Nation Report, President Salinas indicated that:
"Paradoxically, Chiapas is the State that has received the most federal support
during my administration: 1,000 per cent more than in 1989. The aid has been
used for health, education, electrification, drinking water, support for
production and, for the indigenous peoples, new programs for financing land
purchases, roads and highways." See Sexto Informe Presidencial supra note 373,
at 2.




n375  Jo Bedingfield, Walking a Tightrope, Economic Shortfalls and Political
Jolts Complicate Mexico's 1994 Recovery, El Financiero, (Int. ed.), Dec. 26,
1994-Jan. 1, 1995, at 8.




n376  Id.




n377  Id.




n378  Id.




n379  Martin Langfield, Chiapas Peace Envoy Steps Down, Urges Overhaul, Reuters,
Ltd., Nov. 28, 1994 available in LEXIS, News Library, World File.




n380  Government and EZLN hold first direct talks "somewhere in the jungle", BBC
Summary of World Reports, January 18, 1995, available in LEXIS, News Library,
World File.




n381  Mexican government, rebels meet in search of peace, Reuters World Service,
January 16, 1995, available in LEXIS, News Library, World File.




n383  Id. at 622-623.




n384  Id. at 635 (translation by the author).




n385  Id. (translation by the author).




n386  Id. at 636 (translation by the author).




n387  Id. at 635-37 (translation by the author).




n388  Id. at 637.




n389  Id. (translation by the author).




n390  Id. at 638.




n391  Id. at 638.




n392  Id. at 639 (translation by the author).




n393  Id.




n394  Id. at 641 (translation by the author).




n395  Id. at 641.




n396  Id.




n397  Id. at 642.




n398  Id. (translation by the author).




n399  Id. at 653.




n400  Id. at 643-44.




n401  Id. at 644 (translation by the author).




n402  Id. at 645 (translation by the author).




n403  Id. at 646 (translation by the author).




n404  Id. at 646 (translation by the author).




n405  Id. at 646-47 (translation by the author).




n406  Id. at 647.




n407  Secretaria de Relationes Exteriores, 254 Buletin de information semanal
47-69 (D.F. Mar. 5, 1994).


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

EU supports plans of Uzbekistan to join WTO

LENGTH: 300  words


EU supported plans of Uzbekistan on accession to the World Trade Organization
(WTO), the press service of the European Council reported after eleventh meeting
of the Cooperation Council between the EU and Uzbekistan, which was held on
March 17 in Brussels.



The Cooperation Council emphasized the great potential of the economic and trade
component of EU-Uzbekistan relations and discussed how best to improve the
business and investment climate. In addition, the Council noted common views of
EU and Uzbekistan as regards the main priorities of the forthcoming EU
development cooperation with Uzbekistan, in particular the sector of rural
development.

The Council underlined the mutual interest in strengthening cooperation in the
field of energy, and stressed importance of implementation of the bilateral
Memorandum of Understanding on energy, according to the press release.

Earlier Government of Uzbekistan instructed the Ministry of Foreign Economic
Relations, Investments and Trade of Uzbekistan to develop issue of allocation of
$1 million on the basis of gratuitous technical assistance by the European
Commission in 2013-2015 for the project on facilitation of Uzbekistan's entry
into the World Trade Organization.

The project will study experience of WTO member states and those joining the
organization with similar economic conditions in Uzbekistan in order to mitigate
adverse effects of membership in the organization, provide assistance in
bringing national legislation into conformity with WTO rules, in getting support
of key WTO member states under multilateral and bilateral negotiations, in
holding meetings of the working group on accession, corresponding training
seminars, conferences, round tables, etc.Copyright CA-NEWS.org, 2014 Provided by
Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                         Copyright  2014   CA-NEWS.org
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

State turns to asset sales to fund roads

BYLINE: Mark Ludlow

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 674 words


The Queensland government will rely on asset sales and a private equity
injection into the state's power companies to pay for $8.6 billion in
infrastructure over the next six years.

More than three-quarters of the $33 billion in proceeds raised will be used to
pay down the state's debt, in a bid to reclaim its AAA credit rating.

But ratings agencies say the asset sales - which are expected to be spread over
two election cycles - will not be enough for the state to be upgraded in the
medium term.

Money for new infrastructure projects, including $1.5 billion for a new Bus and
Train Tunnel in Brisbane and $1.5 billion for rural and regional roads, depend
on voters approving the asset sales plan at the next state election and a
successful privatisation program.

Households and business avoided any new taxes or increased charges in the
Liberal National Party government's third budget on Tuesday, but there is little
to help stimulate a struggling economy.

Treasurer Tim Nicholls said cutting government services or raising taxes was not
an option. They did not want to deliver a "double whammy" following a tough
federal budget in May.

"We now believe we must take to the people the sale or lease of assets.

We absolutely convinced it is the smartest and strongest choice to pay down debt
and retain the AAA credit rating," he said.

The state's rating was lost in 2009.

He predicted the budget would return to surplus in 2015-16.

"This is a steady workmanlike budget and we are seeing the rewards of having
done the heavy lifting two years ago," he said.

The budget papers show without the $60 billion liquified natural gas boom in
Gladstone, business investment in the state would be weak.

Even once the LNG investment tapers off next financial year, business investment
is expected to plunge 20 per cent and there will be no growth until 2016-17.

There has been a $1 billion shortfall in taxation revenue this financial year
including $600 million in lower coal royalties.

"The revenue side of the budget remains under pressure and we have again had to
write-down our projections," Mr Nicholls told Parliament.

As foreshadowed, the state is expected to return to a fiscal surplus in two
years ($862 million in 2015-16), following a $6 billion deficit in 2013-14 and
an estimated $2.27 billion deficit next financial year.

The government says it will raise $5 billion from the sale of ports, electricity
generation companies and commercial water pipelines as well as private sector
equity in its poles and wires network.

It believes it will achieve savings of $28 billion from a controversial plan to
get private companies to help fund the capital expansions of its state-owned
network companies.

Treasury officials admitted the $8.6 billion infrastructure plan and $25 billion
debt reduction strategy was reliant on a sale of the assets and the private
sector embracing the non-share equity plan for the power companies.

They said the assets, including the commercial water pipelines, have been
conservatively valued and could be expected to achieve significantly more once
put to the market.

The assets will be progressively sold over the next six years.

"Quite simply, if we don't achieve maximum value for Queenslanders we will take
a little longer to get the process right," Mr Nicholls said.

Queensland could be eligible for up to $1 billion from the federal government's
$5 billion asset recycling plan from its proposed asset sales.

Mr Nicholls was adamant there was a strong appetite for an equity stake in the
power companies, Powerlink, Energex and Ergon Energy, but he has refused to
release the scoping studies for the scheme, which has never been attempted in
Australia before.

Opposition treasury spokesman Curtis Pitt said the government was "holding a gun
to the head" of Queenslanders over asset sales.

The unemployment rate is expected to remain at 6 per cent.

Gross state product is expected to be 3 per cent in 2014-15 - below the
long-term average of 4 per cent - before rising up to 6 per cent in 2015-16,
when LNG exports hit their straps.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Queensland is expected to return to a fiscal surplus in two years.
Photo: Glenn Hunt

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                            July 10, 2001, Wednesday

UNUSED GRANT CASH WILL GO TO AREAS WORST HIT BY DISEASE;
 FOOT-AND-MOUTH: ASSEMBLY PLEDGE TO TARGET MONEY

BYLINE: Sue Goddard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 367 words


THE National Assembly last night gave way on foot-and-mouth relief funding and
promised to target areas most affected by the crisis.

National Assembly Finance Minister Edwina Hart announced that any unspent
special grant money allocated to local authorities in March to assist with the
effects of foot-andmouth will now go to those with the highest number of cases.

The Assembly had promised equal distribution of foot-and-mouth money to all 22
Welsh councils.

But Ms Hart said yesterday, "We have written to all local authorities asking
them to let us know whether they have unused money that we can redistribute to
those areas whose economies continue to suffer as a result of the outbreak.

"In the light of that information and the latest evidence on the impact of foot
-and-mouth on rural business, I will decide how best to target the reallocation
of grant money to help those that are struggling to survive."

But this will only involve a small proportion of the pounds 12m originally
distributed by the Assembly and will be a drop in the ocean compared to the
needs of the hardest hit areas.

Local authorities are calling for tens of millions of pounds of financial
assistance to aid economic recovery in the wake of the crisis.

Powys County Council says it needs pounds 23m over this and the next two
financial years, with an immediate requirement of almost pounds 10m.

Planning, economic development and regeneration director Graham Davey said
pounds 23m would "not only allow the council to extend its business hardship
support significantly, but would also fund a substantial expansion in business
investment grants, tourism marketing and community regeneration activity."

Monmouthshire County Council is also urgently seeking additional funding. Head
of economic development Rick Longford said it is in need of a third of a million
pounds per month for the foreseeable future.

A spokeswoman for Anglesey County Council said it is still evaluating claims for
assistance and cannot yet say how much is needed, but she added that the final
total is "likely to be in tens of millions".

A spokesman for the WLGA said it was contacting the councils.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            June 11, 2003 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Job security fears as clouds loom;
SMART INVESTOR

BYLINE: David Bassanese

SECTION: INVESTMENT; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 574 words


The Australian economy has been one of the star performers of the developed
world in recent years but if official forecasts are correct, a stubbornly weak
global economy and a peaking in the local housing sector are about to catch up
with us.

For ordinary households, that might mean job insecurity but at least it would
also mean continued low interest rates.

Latest government forecasts suggest the economy will grow by 3.25 per cent in
the coming financial year, up slightly from 3 per cent growth expected this
financial year. But helping drive the bounce-back in growth is an expected
strong 25 per cent rebound in farm production, as drought conditions ease and
"normal seasonal conditions" return.

Abstracting from the rural bounce-back, growth in the non-farm sector of the
economy that which more directly affects employment is expected to slow to 2.75
per cent, from a solid 4 per cent growth this financial year.

Driving this result is an expected moderation in very strong and unsustainable
rates of demand for housing and new business equipment seen this financial year,
which will be only partly offset by a postdrought bounce-back in rural exports.

Housing moves in well-defined cycles and with signs that demand for new housing
is levelling, Treasury expects dwelling investment to drop 5 per cent in the
coming year, following a hefty 18 per cent rise this year.

Similarly, after a solid 15 per cent growth this year, business surveys suggest
a halving in business investment growth to a still healthy 7 per cent rate in
the coming year.

Export growth more generally will remain constrained by a stubbornly sluggish
global economy, and a less competitive exchange rate than we have grown used to
in the past few years.

What will this mean for households? Particularly for those in the construction
and trades area, a new bout of job insecurity is likely. Sub-3 per cent growth
in the non-farm economy probably means unemployment will rise potentially from a
low to high 6 per cent range.

But for home owners, there's good news. A softer economy means interest rates
will remain low, and may fall further still over the next few months. Reserve
Bank governor Ian Macfarlane has recently hinted that he may drop interest rates
soon if housing demand flattens out as expected and the global economy remains
weak.

Lower interest rates will also further reduce risks of a hard landing in
property prices anytime soon. That said, with rents falling and vacancy rates
high in some areas, investors should be wary not to jump into the market based
on a further marginal increase in interest rate affordability alone. There is
still a risk of lower capital returns in some areas such as inner-city markets
where an oversupply of apartments is thought to be developing.

For equity investors, a slowing economy means sectoral and corporate level
investment themes will continue to dominate economy-wide themes for a while yet
and the best returns will rely on good advice and above-average stock picking
skills.

That said, some of the expected slowing in the economy over the coming year has
already been priced into the equity market as reflected in the 22 per cent
decline in prices over the year to March. In fact since March and the successful
end to the war in Iraq the overall market has bounced by 13 per cent.

If the global economy led by the US does eventually pull out of its rut, an end
to the three-year global bear market could be upon us.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE GRAPHS: REASONS TO BE WARY. Housing approvals, World GDP growth
and Non-farm GDP growth.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2003 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            February 1, 2013, Friday

Creating wealth in a rural community

BYLINE: Becky Ceperley

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 710 words


How do you define "wealth"? How does a community accumulate wealth?

These are questions that many communities struggle with on a routine basis,
particularly rural communities in Appalachia. Much of the economic development
in the central Appalachian region brought industrial job growth but neglected
the development of people, communities, and the natural and cultural assets of
the region.

To prosper in the future, Appalachian people must invest in themselves and their
communities. Our nonprofit, for-profit, and government organizations will need
to link together around common objectives. Appalachian people need to treat
innovative projects as business investments by seizing smart risks, taking
chances, and believing in our community.

We are rich in human capital across central Appalachia. There are countless
people working each day to improve local communities across the region. The more
we collaborate and the stronger we make our networks, then the greater return we
will see in our investments within the region.

Investing within our region can take multiple forms. According to Dr. Alison F.
Davis of the University of Kentucky, there are several ways we can help
Appalachia transition to a new economy. One is to focus on long-term investments
in local communities (health care, education) rather than on spending
(disability, welfare). We can also attract new businesses or industry by
investing in people, building their capacity, and making our communities more
livable.

Dr. Davis also notes that in most Appalachian states, new jobs are more likely
to come from existing businesses that grow or expand rather than from new
businesses. However, small business development's struggle to access capital and
inadequate health care for the working class are major challenges in rural
Appalachia that deter economic growth.

The largest economic growth across Appalachia has been in financial services,
education and health services, and professional and business services. In order
to build upon this growth, Appalachian people must invest in infrastructure,
civic engagement, leadership development, access to quality health care and
education, and natural and built amenities before we can expect the jobs to
come. The first step is understanding that these investments are forms of
community wealth.

The Ford Foundation's Wealth Creation in Rural Communities Initiative is based
on a framework of seven forms of community wealth that are critical to family
and community well-being:

1. Individual capital - skills, health, capacity.

2. Intellectual capital - knowledge, innovation, creativity.

3. Social capital - trust and relationships.

4. Political capital - political influence.

5. Natural capital - natural resources.

6. Built capital - infrastructure.

7. Financial capital - investment and savings.

Each form of wealth can be targeted for development and measured as an outcome
of success.

A rural development process aimed at building many forms of wealth, which are
tied to place, is more likely to create rural livelihoods that are sustainable
over the long term, and more likely to benefit the many rather than the few.

In order to benefit people, we must develop a systems approach that looks at
inputs, production, processing, distribution, consumers and policies. The
approach should focus on place, in our case Appalachia, and the area's unique
strengths and challenges.

Recognizing the assets inherent in a particular place and respecting and
building on the work people are already doing there will help incentivize
collaboration and emphasize local ownership. Lastly, we must build and maintain
multiple forms of wealth.

We stand at a crossroads. For too long, the resources and assets of rural
communities - their natural resources, agricultural bounty, healthy workers, and
young people - have flowed out of rural areas to other places. We have struggled
to create wealth that stays local. Rural America needs to embrace a new way
forward that builds sustainable livelihoods for our families and communities.

To achieve this sustainability, people in Appalachia must work to ensure that
the forms of wealth we already have stay here and also build the forms of wealth
we lack.

Ceperley is president and CEO of the Greater Kanawha Valley Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Concern as foreign buyers secure agricultural land

BYLINE: DARREN GRAY RURAL AFFAIRS REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 535 words


CASHED-UP foreign buyers won approval to buy $650 million of Victorian
agricultural, forestry or fishing assets in 2009-10, new figures obtained by The
Saturday Age reveal. The massive investment pertained to just four proposed
deals. The Foreign Investment Review Board figures show that proposed
investments in the rural category spiked dramatically in 2009-10. But the
proposed $650 million splurge followed four years in which no approvals were
given by the FIRB for an agricultural, forestry or fishery purchase in this
state.

The figures are likely to spark further debate over the foreign ownership of
Australian farmland and agribusinesses, the nation's food security, and the
strength of our foreign ownership rules. The Victorian statistics come as
agricultural banking specialists say the level of foreign interest in Australian
agricultural assets is at least as high as ever before and will continue to
rise.. The figures come in a week when: "A Victorian real estate agency
confirmed that Chinese buyers have recently toured south-west Victorian dairy
farms looking for large-scale operations. "The West Australian farming world was
awash with speculation that Chinese buyers were interested in buying about
80,000 hectares of farmland in the state's south-west. Andrew Broad, president
of the Victorian Farmers Federation, urged the federal government to toughen the
rules on foreign investment. "We have a global food crisis coming up, you've got
countries like China that have 20 per cent of the world's population and 6 per
cent of the world's arable land, and they're moving into the space of securing
their food needs," he said. But Assistant Treasurer Bill Shorten said the $650
million figure showed there had only been several large purchases by foreign
entities in agriculture, forestry or fishing in 2009-10. Mr Shorten denied that
the purchase by foreign investors of farms and agribusinesses was a threat to
Australia's own food security. "Let me be very clear. The vast majority of food
consumed by Australians - 98 per cent in fact - is grown right here in
Australia. A mere 2 per cent is from overseas," he said. The proposed purchases
represented almost 28 per cent of the FIRB approvals nationwide in the rural
category in 2009-10. The value of the proposed rural acquisitions nationwide was
$2.33 billion. But the Victorian figures do not reveal the full extent of the
foreign interest. Proposed agricultural purchases by foreign individuals and
private companies are only considered by FIRB when they exceed $231 million.
This effectively rules out almost all farm sales to private foreign buyers,
because in Australia only a tiny fraction of pastoral companies exceed this
value. For American private business investment in Australian agriculture the
threshold requiring a FIRB approval is a massive $1.005 billion. All proposed
purchases of agricultural assets by foreign governments and foreign
government-controlled companies must be approved by the FIRB, regardless of
value. Mr Shorten said Australia's foreign investment rules were "very strong
and put the national interest of the country before any other consideration,
while still generally welcoming foreign investment".

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

White House to Begin $10 Billion Farm Investment Fund

BYLINE: By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; DEALBOOK; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 620 words


Wall Street is looking for ways to invest in America's heartland, and the
government is ready to play matchmaker.

The White House Rural Council will announce plans on Thursday to start a $10
billion investment fund that will give pension funds and large investors the
opportunity to invest in agricultural projects. Those include wastewater
systems, energy projects and infrastructure development in rural America.

''We're the eHarmony.com of infrastructure and business investment,'' the
agriculture secretary, Tom Vilsack, said, referring to the online dating
service.

''We're going to be a connector,'' he added. ''This is a new role for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.''

The fund, called the Rural Infrastructure Opportunity Fund, will be backed by
CoBank, a cooperative bank and a member of the Farm Credit System, a
government-sponsored network of banks that lend to the agriculture industry.
CoBank has committed the first $10 billion to the fund.

Capitol Peak Asset Management, an investment firm, will manage the fund's
investments and the Agriculture Department will help find projects for the fund.
Investors will be able to make debt and equity investments in individual and
bundled projects. They will earn returns on their principal investments along
with interest.

The move comes as pension funds and institutional investors, faced with few
investment opportunities that yield high returns in the face of low interest
rates, have begun to shift large amounts of money into less traditional
investments that promise bigger returns like hedge funds and private equity
firms. Flows into the hedge fund industry from institutional investors are at
all-time highs. Faced with what he described as ''extraordinary'' demand from
local communities in rural America for capital, Mr. Vilsack last year enlisted
the help of Matthew McKenna, a former executive at PepsiCo, to help find a way
to attract Wall Street and large institutional investors. Through the process,
Mr. McKenna discovered that investors with big war chests were interested in
making investments in more than just one or two individual projects at a time.

As a result, the fund will offer investors the opportunity to put money into
bundled projects. One specific area where investment is needed is in California,
Mr. Vilsack said, where the state is facing one of its most severe droughts on
record.

''There is a business opportunity there because people will pay for water,'' he
added.

Since the 2008 financial crisis, large pools of pension money have flowed
directly into farmland and agricultural investments. Some Wall Street investors
are trying their hand at creating different ways to tap demand from both large
pensions funds and individual investors.

One group of investors has begun to buy farmland through real estate investment
trusts -- including the American Farmland Company, Farmland Partners and the
Gladstone Land Corporation -- that combine crops and land into an asset class
for ordinary investors to buy.

So strong is the demand from some corners of the financial world that
agricultural conferences once attended mostly by farmers and others in related
fields are now crowded with institutional investors, venture capitalists and
hedge fund managers.

Mr. Vilsack will announce the new Rural Infrastructure fund on Thursday at a
conference in Washington. Nearly 600 financial executives, investors and
government officials have convened for the White House's Rural Opportunity
Investment Conference. The list of speakers for the event includes Treasury
Secretary Jacob J. Lew and Ken Wilson, vice chairman of BlackRock, the world's
largest asset manager.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2014/07/24/white-house-to-begin-10-billion-farm-inve
stment-fund/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Tom Vilsack, the agriculture secretary, greeting Carlen Overby,
left, whose well in Farmersville, Calif., went dry. California would be an area
of investment. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JUAN VILLA/VISALIA TIMES DELTA, VIA ASSOCIATED
PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail Times

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

WIMMERA organisations will aim to entice

BYLINE: LAUREN HENRY

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 276 words


WIMMERA organisations will aim to entice more city dwellers to live in the
Wimmera, at a Regional Victoria Living Expo in Melbourne, starting on Friday.

The expo, at Melbourne Exhibition and Conference Centre, will feature arts,
cultural, music and dance groups from across regional Victoria until Sunday.

There will also be an inter-active seminar series where Wimmera people will be
able to spruik the advantages of the region to people from the city.

Horsham and Ararat rural city councils and West Wimmera, Hindmarsh, Yarriambiack
and Northern Grampians shire councils, plus various Wimmera organisations such
as Wimmera Health Care Group, Wimmera Uniting Care and WorkCo will be
represented at the expo.

Wimmera Development Association executive director Jo Bourke said businesses
with ongoing job vacancies were using the expo as a recruiting means.

"The councils are focusing on attracting people, promoting the livability and
opportunities for people and business investment,'' she said.

Ms Bourke said the expo was free entry and would coincide with the Melbourne
Home Show at the exhibition centre.

Member for Lowan Hugh Delahunty will also be at the expo, which organisers
expect will attract up to 10,000 people.

"For anyone considering a move, western Victoria has everything you need,'' he
said.

"The region, which boasts 25 per cent of Victoria's wetlands, offers a relaxed,
country lifestyle and is renowned for its national parks, spectacular
wilderness, historic wineries and country hospitality.

"It also offers an attractive range of lifestyle choices from urban inner city
living to peaceful rural blocks or affordable homes in smaller communities.''

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       April 10, 2003, Thursday Edition 1

Small victory as Chancellor tries to help entrepreneurs

BYLINE: By Rebekah Ashby Small Business Writer, The Journal

SECTION: NEWS BUDGET, Pg. 43

LENGTH: 452 words


   Chancellor Gordon Brown yesterday signalled a series of Budget measures which
he said would help small businesses in Britain.

North-East business leaders were impressed by a package which they hoped would
better help long-neglected entrepreneurs struggling through a tangle of red
tape.

But The Federation of Small Businesses dismissed tax freezes as uninspiring,
arguing that small businesses would see through the Chancellor's blend of
rehashed announcements and tax freezes.

The Chancellor said business experts would be involved in cutting further red
tape and new procedures introduced to make it easier for small firms to compete
for Government contracts.

Mr Brown also said he was publishing proposals for the creation of British Small
Business Investment Companies private-sector vehicles designed to inject new
capital into small and medium-sized firms.

Nick Horn, chairman of the Federation of Small Businesses in the North-East,
said: "The initiative to get rid of red tape should of course be broadly
welcomed but we want to see exactly what the measures are going to be.

"We have been saying for a number of years that attracting venture capital and
funding research has been a major problem for little businesses so it is good to
the see the tax breaks on offer to research companies."

Mr Brown also said he was freezing Corporation Tax, Small Business Corporation
Tax and Capital Gains Tax.

Dr Richard Roberts, Barclays head of SME research, said: "The Chancellor's
announcement of small business investment companies is a valuable recognition
that many firms need more than just debt finance to grow.

"Broadening the range of funding available to make equity investment in growing
businesses more available,may help entrepreneurs to expand and create jobs. The
challenge is to make such finance easy to access."

The Chancellor said yesterday that he would back up the cut in small business
tax by funding three tax reliefs and incentives to help companies in industrial
and rural areas.

By raising the qualifying threshold to the maximum possible under EU law, a
total of 3.7 million businesses will become eligible for 40pc investment
allowances.

From today, firms with turnovers of 56,000 or less will not have to register
for, or pay, VAT.

Dan Brophy, chief executive of Business Link Tyne , said: "We obviously welcome
the help that the Chancellor has extended to small businesses.

"The abolition and reform of regulations aimed at simplifying the process of
running a small business is hopefully a reflection that there is a genuine
understanding of the issues. Red tape proportionally costs small businesses a
great deal more than larger organisations."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             March 5, 1991 Tuesday

FURTHER CRASH IN INVESTMENT SEEN

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: RODGERS S

LENGTH: 523 words


Further crash in investment seen From SHANE RODGERS in Canberra BUSINESS
investment is set to crash further this year after experiencing its largest fall
in more than a decade in the December quarter. Statistics Bureau private capital
spending figures, released yesterday, continued the run of bad economic news in
recent weeks. They showed capital spending was down 11% (seasonally adjusted) in
the final three months of 1990 _ the biggest three month fall since 1979. The
bad news was compounded further with the release of the Australian Agriculture
and Resource Economics Bureau February commodity index which fell 9% in
February. On top of the lower investment spending in December, businesses also
downgraded their expected total investment in 1990-91 by 4% _ from $28.643
billion to $27.499 billion. They were even more pessimistic for 1991-92, tipping
only $22.612 billion in new capital spending during the year. Between the
September and December quarters last year, spending on buildings and structures
fell from $1.92 billion to $1.728 billion and spending on equipment, plant and
machinery was down from $3.697 billion to $3.293 billion. The falling investment
trend is further sobering news for the job market after job vacancy figures
released on the weekend pointed to a continuing fall in job availability. Rural
industries are continuing to be hit hard on the international market. The
Agricultural and Resource Economics Bureau rural commodity index for February
was down 18% on the previous month. This was due mainly to a 38% fall in wool
prices. The overall commodity index was down 9%, flattened by a 24% fall in oil
prices and a 6% drop in gold prices, but helped by small increases for wheat,
cotton, uranium and nickel. The rural index is now 35% lower than a year ago and
the total index 15% lower. The Opposition Treasury spokesman, Mr Peter Reith,
said the drop in investment in December was the third highest ever recorded.
""These figures couldn't be clearer. Business men and women in this country are
voting with closed chequebooks," he said. ""We are a long way from the end of
Keating's engineered recession." The housing industry warned yesterday against
undue optimism on the big jump in building approvals in January. The Housing
Industry Association national director, Dr Ron Silberberg, said HIA figures
still pointed to falling sales. He said home buyer confidence was fragile and
vulnerable to economic developments. As a result, monthly movements were likely
to be volatile. The Statistics Bureau estimated dwelling approvals rose 10.1% in
January after a 10.9% fall in December. Dr Silberberg said the HIA believed
there were significant falls in new home sales in January. ""New home sales
typically lead ABS dwelling approvals by two to three months," he said.
""Industry reports indicate that there has been a significant increase in the
number of new home sales and approvals falling over due to buyer cancellation."
The Construction and Housing Association said non-residential approvals were
continuing to decline, dampening total industry prospects.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    February 20, 2003 Thursday Final Edition

Budget's value depends on the view: Turning around B.C.'s moribund economy might
take years, but government strategy for economic renewal will pay off

SOURCE: Special to the Sun

BYLINE: Jock Finlayson Klein

SECTION: Editorial; Jock Finlayson Klein; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 945 words

Approximately midway through its self-imposed four year electoral mandate, the
Liberal government is on track to balance the books by 2004-05 and continues to
search for ways to restore some lustre to the province's economy.

While conditions in B.C. have fallen well short of an economic "boom," the
province out-performed expectations last year and is poised for stronger growth
in 2003 and 2004.

Last year's budget foresaw real gross domestic product inching ahead by just 0.6
per cent in 2002, but recent estimates point to growth of two per cent.
Forecasters see the B.C. economy gaining momentum in 2003-04, bolstered by a
more competitive tax system, an uptick in exports and business investment, and
rising household incomes.

Once current uncertainties relating to a possible war with Iraq and the softwood
lumber negotiations with the United States dissipate, B.C. can look forward to
real GDP growth in excess of three per cent in 2004 and beyond, considerably
better than the average of 2.2 per cent experienced from 1995 to 2002.

The new budget reaffirms the Liberal government's three-year fiscal plan
outlined last February. To eliminate today's record high $3.5-billion summary
accounts deficit by 2004-05, program spending will be trimmed by 4.3 per cent in
the next two years, while government revenues are predicted to climb by 10 per
cent now that the tax cuts unveiled in 2001 have been fully implemented.

The budget's spending projections do not include $1.3 billion in additional
federal health care transfers that B.C. will garner under the health accord with
the federal government reached earlier this month. These funds -- amounting to
$435 million in each of the next three years -- will be used to top off the
present provincial health budget of $10.2 billion.

A proper assessment of both the 2003 budget and the government's over-all fiscal
policy requires some context.

The unpleasant truth is that British Columbia has now lagged behind Canada in
raising the level of per capita GDP for eight consecutive years. Moreover, as
documented in the latest benchmarking report from the Progress Board, over the
decade 1992-2001, B.C. ranked at or near the bottom in Canada in the growth of
exports, business investment, productivity and disposable incomes. Adding insult
to injury, we have also become a "have-not" province entitled to receive
equalization payments from Ottawa. Contrary to what some appear to believe,
B.C.'s sorry economic record during the 1990s provides ample justification for
taking a different path.

The Campbell government's strategy for economic renewal appears to rest on three
pillars.

The first is establishing an affordable and efficient public sector, one in
which taxpayer costs are more closely aligned with B.C.'s diminished economic
circumstances. This is where the government has been at loggerheads with public
sector union leaders, who have yet to come to grips with the implications of
B.C.'s long period of economic decline.

A second priority is revitalizing the rural areas of the province. The new
budget puts much emphasis on opening up B.C.'s "heartlands" to economic growth.
Although the term is not defined, it refers to areas outside of Greater
Vancouver and Greater Victoria that remain heavily dependent on natural
resource-based industries to sustain their economies. To bolster these regions,
most of which have been struggling, the budget promises to step up investments
in transportation infrastructure, accelerate energy and mineral development,
forge more partnerships with First Nations, and continue with long-overdue
forest policy reforms.

All of these measures are essential to reinvigorating rural B.C. But whether
they can stem the out-migration of people from many communities beyond
southwestern B.C. is perhaps more debatable. Throughout North America, both
population growth and economic development are now increasingly concentrated in
large city-regions that are in competition with each other for skilled human
capital and high-value business activity. This dynamic adds to the challenges
facing rural communities.

The third pillar of the government's economic strategy is improving the business
climate. To this end, one can cite the sizable business and personal tax cuts
implemented in 2001-02, the restoration of open public sector contracting,
changes in labour and employment legislation, regulatory reform initiatives and
the new Environmental Assessment and Business Corporation Acts.

Still to come are a number of minor tax changes announced in this week's budget,
reforms to the Waste Management and Contaminated Sites legislation, further
revisions to the Labour Code, final details of the new energy policy, "working
forest" legislation and measures to enhance post-secondary research.

A review of the experiences of other jurisdictions with declining economies
suggests that achieving a turnaround takes time, often up to five years or
longer. Some of the economic benefits from the policy changes underway in
British Columbia probably won't be realized until considerably later in the
decade.

That may be cold comfort to the provincial government, but the new budget is a
welcome sign that it intends to stay the course.

Jock Finlayson is executive vice-president of the B.C. Business Council

- - -

CHANGE IN REAL GDP PER CAPITA, B.C. VERSUS CANADA

(annual percent change)

BC Canada

1995 -0.4% +1.7%

1996 -0.1% +0.5%

1997 +1.1% +3.1%

1998 +0.4% +3.2%

1999 +2.0% +4.5%

2000 +3.5% +3.6%

2001 -1.1% +0.5%

2002 +0.9% +2.2%

Source: For 1995 to 2001, B.C. Statistics. For 2002,

Business Council of B.C. estimate.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Column

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             March 2, 1991 Saturday

Normanville Retreat to beach or big-gum country

LENGTH: 234 words


TWO country retreats, ideal as holiday houses or business investments, have been
listed for sale in the Normanville area.

The first, a chalet or A-frame house, is on the coast at Second Valley. The
three-bedroom, low-maintenance house on Ocean View Drive features pine floors
and walls, built-in furniture, including a large double bed, and ocean views. It
has two observation decks, a sun-bathing area and ample water.

At $89,950, it is ideal for a holidays or as a rental/negative-gearing
opportunity for investors.

Inspection is by appointment.

The second house is at Hidden Valley, about 4km from Yankalilla. Secluded and
surrounded by 7.6ha of big-gum country, it is ideal for peaceful rural living.

The homestead is about 10 years old. Its high ceilings and external walls are
insulated. The main bedroom has a walk-in wardrobe, en suite and solid timber
panels.

Extensive landscaping and paving include a carport-patio area screened for
outdoor living. A large garage has room for several vehicles and a lock-up
storage section.

The fenced property has a house yard and four main paddocks, one with a large
dam. There are several water tanks for garden and stock use, an aviary, two
poultry sheds and stock yards.

The property is for sale by negotiation between $140,000 and $190,000.

Inquiries: Tony Travers, Professionals Normanville, ph (085) 58 2614.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: second valley holiday house; hidden valleyhomestead; LEFT: An
A-frame with beach views at Second Valley is idealfor a holiday house. BELOW: At
Hidden Valley there's ahomestead and property for full-time or holiday
countryliving.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             March 2, 1991 Saturday

Normanville Retreat to beach or big-gum country

LENGTH: 233 words


TWO country retreats, ideal as holiday houses or business investments, have been
listed for sale in the Normanville area.

The first, a chalet or A-frame house, is on the coast at Second Valley. The
three-bedroom, low-maintenance house on Ocean View Drive features pine floors
and walls, built-in furniture, including a large double bed, and ocean views. It
has two observation decks, a sun-bathing area and ample water.

At $89,950, it is ideal for a holidays or as a rental/negative-gearing
opportunity for investors.

Inspection is by appointment.

The second house is at Hidden Valley, about 4km from Yankalilla. Secluded and
surrounded by 7.6ha of big-gum country, it is ideal for peaceful rural living.

The homestead is about 10 years old. Its high ceilings and external walls are
insulated. The main bedroom has a walk-in wardrobe, en suite and solid timber
panels.

Extensive landscaping and paving include a carport-patio area screened for
outdoor living. A large garage has room for several vehicles and a lock-up
storage section.

The fenced property has a house yard and four main paddocks, one with a large
dam. There are several water tanks for garden and stock use, an aviary, two
poultry sheds and stock yards.

The property is for sale by negotiation between $140,000 and $190,000.

Inquiries: Tony Travers, Professionals Normanville, ph (085) 58 2614.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: second valley holiday house; hidden valleyhomestead; LEFT: An
A-frame with beach views at Second Valley is idealfor a holiday house. BELOW: At
Hidden Valley there's ahomestead and property for full-time or holiday
countryliving.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Edge Malaysia

                                  June 6, 2005

City & Country: Sarawak sizzles

LENGTH: 1184 words


The property sector in the state is set for exciting times ahead. Jennifer Gomez
reports.

There is an air of confidence among many property players - from the "big boys"
to the smaller, privately owned set-ups - in Malaysia's largest state, Sarawak.
Most say they were hardly affected by the 1997/98 Asian financial crisis. In
Peninsular Malaysia in contrast, some developers are still recovering their
footing.

On future prospects, a special report on the Sarawak property market by CH
Williams Talhar Wong & Yeo suggests that the outlook for Sarawak is bright. It
expects strong long-term demand for housing in major towns and cities, thanks to
strong population growth, increase in the number of households, higher household
incomes, rural-urban migration and easy credit facilitated by cheap
end-financing costs. The report was commissioned by one of the larger developers
in Sarawak, Naim Cendera Holdings Bhd (NCHB).

Kuching is seeing the most activity because of its status as the capital and as
a centre of attraction for business and investment and rural migration. Miri,
which was elevated from town to city status last month, is also set to see
dramatic growth in the property sector. Its recent designation as Shell Group's
Asia-Pacific exploration hub and Shell Malaysia's upstream base is set to spur
the economy of the city.

Land issues

Property development activities in Sarawak have generally been restricted to
small-scale projects. "Even in Kuching, project development sizes typically
range from five to 20 acres, and at any launch, developers would only put up
between 20 and 40 units on the market," Henry Butcher Malaysia (Sarawak) Sdn
Bhd's director, Chieng Yu Tang, tells City & Country.

"The main reason projects have been small is the difficulty in obtaining large
tracts of land due to the fragmented nature of land in Sarawak. Thus, trying to
amass large tracts will not only take a long time, but will also escalate costs.
So, developers prefer to put up smallish projects and private developers have
mainly concentrated on medium-cost housing and upwards because anything less
would not be financially viable, given the small tracts," he adds.

Then, there is the issue of limited availability of what is classified as
mixed-zone versus native-area land. The latter is similar to Malay reserve land.
Rahim & Co Chartered Surveyors (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd's managing director, Donald
Lam, explains: "Developers prefer land classified as mixed zone because there is
no restriction on to whom they can sell their properties. In the case of
native-area land, they can only sell to Sarawak natives. The Interpretation
Ordinance of Sarawak defines a native as a citizen of Malaysia of any race which
is considered to be indigenous to Sarawak."

Nevertheless, these constraints appear to have benefited developers instead of
being a hindrance to their activities. Another reason developers were able to
ride out the tough times was that most family-owned development companies (some
of which have grown to become listed entities) have either low or no gearing at
all. "The take-up softened, but there was no real drop in prices, neither were
there unsold units nor a scenario where developers could not proceed with
projects," says one developer.

Most land in the state is leasehold, on 60 or 99-year terms. So, leasehold
status is more acceptable among developers and buyers. But Chieng thinks the
leasehold status is becoming an issue now, as quite a few leases are up for
renewal. "Even though premiums are still low, owners don't know if the
government would renew the policy," he adds. The property development sector is
tightly controlled in Sarawak, where all development approvals come from the
state planning department. "This is good because when times are good, [the
department] doesn't give out too many approvals. This controls the supply of
housing and prevents any boom-and-bust cycle," says one developer.

Supply of homes

Due to the smallish nature of development projects, there is an unmistakable
shortage of affordably priced homes for average income-earners, who would
typically look to buy houses in the RM150,000 to RM250,000 bracket. "There is
not enough supply of homes in this bracket due to high land prices, and
developers don't build such units because the profit margins are lower. This is
also why these types of houses are located further from the city," explains
Chieng.

He adds that developers have instead concentrated on building 2-storey
semi-detached homes in Kuching, where values range from RM350,000 to RM500,000
per unit, depending on their proximity to the city centre. "Over the last two
years, many developers concentrated on 2-storey semidees and upwards because of
the good profit margins. But there has been a softening of sales of these units
since the second half of last year. So now, they are concentrating on 2-storey
terraced homes closer to Kuching, and these can go from RM250,000 [about 10km
away] to RM330,000 nearer to the city," says Chieng.

While most private developers are sticking to small projects, others have been
successful in getting sizeable state-alienated tracts. One of them is a joint
venture between Cahaya Mata Sarawak Bhd and the Employees Provident Fund to
undertake the 5,000-acre Bandar Baru Samariang, the largest development taking
shape in the state.

Another large project coming up along the Kota Samarahan corridor in Kuching is
the 343-acre Desa Ilmu by NCHB. The company also has an ongoing 2,800-acre
development in Miri. Getting state-alienated land is one way of getting huge
tracts of land. So, some developers with financial muscle take an active role in
the construction of public infrastructure and utilities in Sarawak. "This seems
to be the best way of getting state land in order to expand our development
scale, which otherwise would have been difficult, given that land is
fragmented," says one developer.

Kuching is expanding its city limits southwards to the international airport and
southeast towards Kota Samarahan. Many developers have congregated in Kota
Samarahan, where one of the main impetus for growth is the presence of education
establishments like Universiti Malaysia Sarawak, where the student population of
5,000 is expected to double in five years; Universiti Teknologi Mara; and a
teachers' training college. The Sarawak International Medical Centre is also
coming up in the area.

"At the moment, new development has reached the 17th mile area towards Sipuran
town centre. Development is also heading towards Batu Kawa, which is about 15km
to 20km from the city area.

Meanwhile, Rahim & Co's Lam says developable land is much sought-after and in
some cases, landowners ask for high prices. "Along the Kuching-Serian road,
between the 10th and 17th mile, the asking prices range from RM450,000 to
RM550,000 per acre. About 5km to 6km from the city centre, agricultural land is
going for RM800,000 to RM900,000 per acre [before conversion]. In Samarahan,
agricultural land values are about RM300,000 to RM350,000 per acre," he adds.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 The Edge Communications Sdn Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                February 2, 2017

                         Islami Bank Bangladesh Limited

                        Islami BK Tower, 40 Dilkusha C/A
                                   Dhaka 1000
                                   Bangladesh

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Islami Bank Bangladesh Limited (IBBL) is a commercial banking and investment
schemes provider. The bank offers deposit products such as current and savings
accounts, special notice accounts, Hajj savings accounts, term deposits, savings
bond accounts, Waqf cash deposit accounts, foreign currency deposit accounts,
farmer's savings accounts, and monthly profit deposit accounts. It also provides
finance for the purchase of household durables, cars, real estate properties and
agricultural implements. The bank also offers investment support to doctors,
MSMEs ,women and entrepreneurs..IBBL provides locker services, online banking,
ATM services, offshore banking services, remittance card services and foreign
exchange services. It has presence across Bangladesh. IBBL is headquartered in
Dhaka, Bangladesh.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



IBBL provides a broad range of commercial banking products and investment
services across Bangladesh. The bank provides general banking, investment,
foreign exchange and foreign remittance services. As of December 2014, IBBL
operated through a network of 294 branches and 410 ATM booths in Bangladesh.

The bank classifies its offerings into six categories: Deposit Products,
Investment Products, Rural Development Scheme, NRB Services, SME Services, and
Offshore Banking Units (OBU).

Through Deposit Products category, the bank offers two types of accounts:
Al-Wadeah Accounts and Mudaraba Accounts. Its Mudaraba Accounts include
Al-Wadeah Current Accounts (AWCA), Mudaraba Savings Accounts (MSA), Mudaraba
Term Deposit Accounts (MTDR), Mudaraba Special Notice Account (MSNA), Mudaraba
Hajj Savings Account (MHSA), Mudaraba Special Savings (Pension) Accounts (MSSA),
Mudaraba Savings Bonds (MSB), Mudaraba Monthly Profit Deposit Accounts (MMPDA),
Mudaraba Muhor Savings Accounts (MMSA), Mudaraba Waqf Cash Deposit Accounts
(MWCDA), Mudaraba NRB Savings Bond (MNSB) Accounts, Mudaraba Foreign Currency
Deposit Accounts (MFCD), Students Mudaraba Savings Accounts (SMSA) and Mudaraba
Farmers Savings Accounts (MFSA).

The bank's Investment Products category offers a range of investment schemes
such as household durable scheme, real estate investment scheme, transport
investment scheme, car investment scheme, investment scheme for doctors, small
business investment scheme, agricultural implement investment scheme, women
entrepreneurs' investment scheme, and micro industries investment scheme.

Under Rural Development Scheme category, the bank offers finance for the
investment requirements of agriculture and rural sectors. The bank's NRB
Services category offers non-resident Bangladeshi entrepreneurs services
including remittance card service, investment scheme for foreign expatriate and
Mudaraba NRB savings bond (MNSB) scheme. The SME Services category provides
finance to small and medium-sized enterprises in the areas of manufacturing,
trading, telecommunication, transportation, and information technology.

Through Offshore Banking Units (OBU) category, the bank provides investment
services principally to foreign owned companies in domestic and international
markets. Its investment products include bill financing, import finance, export
finance, short term Murabaha and project finance. In addition, it offers deposit
products including Al-Wadiah current accounts and import finance. Furthermore,
the bank offers locker services, online banking, SMS banking, internet banking,
ATM services, remittance card services and foreign exchange services.

The bank operates through ten reportable divisions: Head Office Controlled
Branches, Dhaka Central Zone, Dhaka South Zone, Dhaka North Zone, Khulna Zone,
Bogra Zone, Rajshahi Zone, Chittagong South Zone, Chittagong North Zone, and
Common.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *












LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 11, 1999 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Bush craft wasted in tax debate

BYLINE: Steve Lewis

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 779 words


Don't expect Canberra to bend to the farming community's demands on business
tax, warns Steve Lewis.

Ian Donges is a crafty political operator, a battler for the bush whose views
are listened to in Canberra. As president of the National Farmers Federation, he
wields political clout in the national capital. A week ago, he wrote to all
federal Coalition MPs. The subject: business tax reform.

His letter delivered a blunt message to a Government which is already deeply
concerned at the impact that economic reforms have had on the bush. The mauling
which Jeff Kennett received from regional Victoria has instilled in John Howard
a steely determination to prevent a similar electoral backlash.

The NFF has made business tax the latest policy battleground. "NFF is concerned
that the new reforms do not significantly simplify the tax system for many
businesses, and could substantially increase the compliance costs for farmers
and small business," Donges wrote.

"The net result of many of the changes will be to favour large business,
especially the service sector, at the expense of family businesses, particularly
those in regional Australia.

"Many of the recommendations in the Ralph report are completely unacceptable to
NFF and its constituents, and defy the Ralph review's original intention to
encourage business investment and growth."

Donges outlined 11 proposals to make the package fairer for "farm families".
Over the next few weeks, the NFF leadership will meet with a succession of
government ministers to outline their concerns about business tax. But if it's
expecting the Government to yield to the bush this time, it may be disappointed.

The message from Canberra is that the Government has looked after regional
Australia through the tax reform package, firstly with the GST (and its big cuts
in diesel fuel costs) and, more recently, the Ralph package.

And there is an over-riding reason discussed in Cabinet this week as to why the
Government has to maintain a hard line: the Ralph reforms must remain revenue
neutral. That constraint, alone, precludes major changes.

But the farmers' group sees it differently and is warning that business tax may
become an electoral liability if left untouched. It is not alone in sounding the
warning bells.

Yesterday, Peter Reith met with the Government's Small Business Consultative
Committee. The minister in charge of small business heard first-hand the
concerns of accounting and tax professionals about some aspects of the Ralph
package.

The SBCC was established to provide the Government with feedback on tax reform.
During its meeting with Reith, the SBCC raised concerns over a number of
measures which it feels could penalise small business operators.

These include: the $1 million threshold for small business to qualify for the
Simplified Tax System (the concern is that this figure is too low); a number of
anti-avoidance rules; capital gains tax reforms (particular concerns over a
number of definitional issues).

No guarantees were given by Reith, but the sub-text from the meeting was: The
Government has done a good job for small business, and now is not the time to be
starting to unravel the package. Particularly as the Australian Democrats and
the Opposition are homing in on how the Ralph package will be funded.

Two days ago, the Democrats' leader, Meg Lees, raised the fiscal high-jump a few
notches, raising concerns about six "questionable" revenue items in the Ralph
package.

The Lees message was: We don't think the business tax reforms, as they stand,
pay for themselves. In fact, we think there could be a shortfall of about $2
billion a year.

Those concerns will be explored in detail over the next two days, when the
Senate inquiry into the Ralph package hears evidence from a number of overseas
and Australian experts who have been called to give evidence on the underlying
economic assumptions of the package.

The Government believes it can satisfy the Democrats and Labor on the crucial
issue of funding.

But it also recognises that it cannot afford, in any way, to start making
fundamental changes to the business tax package. During the next few weeks, the
Government will consult business groups on the Ralph package before a final
decision is taken by Cabinet.

That should allow the Government to announce its stage two reforms (dealing with
a range of anti-avoidance and other issues) at about the same time the Senate
inquiry is handing down its findings on the first stage of the business tax
package.

As for Ian Donges, he will get a polite hearing from the Government. But he will
be disappointed if he expects Canberra to bend to the farmers' demands. The
politics of the Senate won't allow it.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1999 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Time

                                  July 6, 2016

Council fills shortfall

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 454  words


THE region's peak tourism industry body has survived the withdrawal of a key
member after Horsham Rural City Council resolved to increase its funding.

The council voted this week in favour of raising the amount it pays to Grampians
Tourism to offset the decision by Pyrenees Shire to walk away.

Grampians Tourism was established in 2009 with the support of the Ararat,
Northern Grampians, Horsham, Southern Grampians and Pyrenees councils.

Its primary role is to promote the region as a desirable tourism destination to
potential state, national and international visitors.

However, the revelation that Pyreness Shire would be leaving Grampians Tourism
to join Ballarat Tourism cast doubts over the organisation's future.

On Monday night, Horsham councillors voted in favour of increasing the council's
annual contribution from $35,000 to almost $41,800.

Councillors acknowledged that all spending had to be justified following the
introduction of rate capping by the state government.

However, the economic activity and jobs in Horsham supported by tourism were
judged to be worth the increased cost of membership to Grampians Tourism.

Cr David Grimble said it was important to support efforts to boost tourism in
the Grampians because of the economic benefit to Horsham.

'This report highlights why we should be stepping up to the plate and supporting
Grampians Tourism,' he said.

However, Cr Grimble also said that Grampians Tourism should explore alternate
sources of revenue to make it less dependent on councils.

Grampians Tourism's figures projected that Horsham Rural City received almost 30
per cent of the visitors that traveled to the Grampians.

Horsham had the second highest visitor share after Northern Grampians, which had
almost 31 per cent.

Cr Tony Phelan also supported the motion.

'I think it is important to recognise that the Grampians are fundamental to
tourism in our region,' he said.

'There is an implication for jobs.

'You can see that the prediction for direct revenue for Horsham Rural City is
about $79 million. The employment figure is 497.'

Cr Robin Barber said he was happy to support the motion but asked Horsham
council chief executive Peter Brown to clarify how Grampians Tourism measured
its performance.

'There are quite a number of items listed on the goals: increased visitor
numbers and revenue, business investment,' Cr Barber said.

Mr Brown said Grampians Tourism's key measure was maintaining or increase its
share of time spent by tourists in Victoria.

The new memorandum of understanding commits Horsham council and Grampians
Tourism to pursue common goals around increasing visitor numbers, and the time
and money they spend in the region. It will be reviewed in 2017 after the next
council elections.

LOAD-DATE: July 07, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Investing in the livestock market

BYLINE: Peter Chiykowski, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. H4

LENGTH: 448 words


ENTREPRENEURS IN DEVELOPING COMMUNITIES SAVE FOR THE FUTURE

Daisy Barengetuny is beaming as she holds up her goat for the visitors who have
come to see her small shop in East Africa's Maasai Mara. In just three years the
young entrepreneur, now 23, built her business from the ground up. The scrappy
little animal filling her arms was an important part of her family's journey to
economic independence.

"I want to give my daughter the education I never had," says Daisy.

With seven brothers and sisters and a family too poor to send her to high
school, Daisy turned to Free The Children to gain business and investment
smarts. She saved money with local savings and loan groups until she had enough
to purchase a small shop, and then a herd of goats.

"I saw that life is hard. But if you work hard, you can end up successful."

In rural communities in East Africa and around the world, goats work like bank
accounts. You buy one when you have money saved, sell or drink its milk as
interest, then sell it later at an increased value. With a goat and financial
literacy training, a woman can save for school fees, medicine, home
improvements, emergency funds or seed money for small businesses.

A goat is financial independence on four legs, but they aren't the only tools
available to families living in Free The Children's partner communities. The
international charity adapts its alternative income programs to match local
skill sets, economic conditions and geography.

In the rolling foothills of the Andes, 14-year-old Fanny Baltazar Carcia Aulla
raises sheep to pay for clothes and bus fare for school. In the dusty hills of
India's desert state of Rajasthan, 45-yearold Khuman Singh raises buffalo to
send his 10 daughters and three sons to school.

These entrepreneurs span three continents and three decades of age difference,
but they have one thing in common: they are fiercely proud of their work. They
smile the moment a visitor to the community asks them about their flocks.

When it comes down to it, goats, sheep and buffalo are more than just pieces of
property. They're status symbols- proof that their owners have the agricultural
skill and financial independence to provide for their families. It's like having
a Ferrari in the garage, only the Ferrari doesn't put food on the table week
after week.

Right now Daisy is paying for her younger sisters to attend high school and
saving to send her three-year-old daughter all the way to college. Goats were
her first measure of progress. Today, she also owns cows and three acres of corn
fields. At age 23, she just might be her community's first hotshot livestock
broker. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Women in Rajasthan, India, proudly display their goats-animals that
allow them to save for their families' future.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Islamabad Safe City Project to be launched in September:IGP

SECTION: Vol. XXXVIII No. 166

LENGTH: 449  words


Safe City Project will be formally launched this September to make Federal
Capital more safe, secured and business and investment friendly city, said Tahir
Alam Khan, Inspector General Police.

He said around 1890 security cameras would be installed in the federal capital
with face recognition and vehicle numbers reading features to nab any suspect
person.

Addressing business community here at Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and
Industry, the IGP said "After installation of these cameras, many police
check-points will be removed. The check points will only work in red zone
areas".

He said a survey of urban areas had been carried out in Islamabad in
collaboration with NADRA and in the next phase, survey of rural areas would be
done to develop a database of all citizens.

This survey, he said, would help in controlling crimes and ensure security and
safety.

He said 99 Field Incharges have been deployed in Islamabad to monitor security
situation while 113 police officials have been deployed in various markets to
further improve security situation.

However, he added that more police force would be increased for security of
markets.

He said Islamabad Police have to provide security to VIPs, diplomats and other
important dignitaries. Moreover, protests in the city, increase challenges for
Islamabad Police, he added.

He announced a Committee comprising representatives of Police and ICCI to
discuss and resolve problems of business community.

He nominated Jamil Hashmi SSP and SSP 15 from Police for said Committee and
asked ICCI to nominate its members so that Committee could start working.

He said in collaboration with ICCI, Reconciliation Committees will be reshuffled
and business community will be given proper representation in such Committees.

He said 3 years consistent members of ICCI will be issued special cards so that
they are stopped at police check points and be treated properly.

Highlighting the performance of Islamabad Police, he said as compared to the
period from January to May 2014, murders incidents have decreased by 28 percent,
robberies by 44 percent, general thefts by 31 percent, burglaries by 32 percent,
car thefts by 26 percent and motor cycles theft by 37 percentd from January to
May 2015.

In his welcome address, Muzzamil Hussain Sabri, President, Islamabad Chamber of
Commerce and Industry highlighted various security related issues of business
community.

ICCI Group leader Abdul Rauf Alam called for additional allocations for Police.

Tariq Sadiq, Mian Akram Farid, Mohammad Ejaz Abbasi, Khalid Malik, Malik Sohail
Hussain, Sarfraz Haider, Ch. Riasat, Ch. Irfan, Khalid Mian and representatives
of various markets also highlighted issues of trade and industry.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Islamabad Safe City Project to be launched in September:IGP

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Safe City Project will be formally
launched this September to make Federal Capital more safe, secured
and business and investment friendly city, said Tahir Alam
Khan, Inspector General Police.
      He said around 1890 security cameras would be installed in
the federal capital with face recognition and vehicle numbers
reading features to nab any suspect person.


      Addressing business community here at Islamabad Chamber of
Commerce and Industry, the IGP said "After installation of these
cameras, many police check-points will be removed. The check points
will only work in red zone areas".
      He said a survey of urban areas had been carried out in
Islamabad in collaboration with NADRA and in the next phase, survey
of rural areas would be done to develop a database of all citizens.
      This survey, he said, would help in controlling crimes and
ensure security and safety.
      He said 99 Field Incharges have been deployed in Islamabad
to monitor security situation while 113 police officials have been
deployed in various markets to further improve security situation.
      However, he added that more police force would be increased
for security of markets.
      He said Islamabad Police have to provide security to VIPs,
diplomats and other important dignitaries. Moreover, protests
in the city, increase challenges for Islamabad Police, he added.
      He announced a Committee comprising representatives of Police
and ICCI to discuss and resolve problems of business community.
      He nominated Jamil Hashmi SSP and SSP 15 from Police for
said Committee and asked ICCI to nominate its members so that
Committee could start working.
      He said in collaboration with ICCI, Reconciliation Committees
will be reshuffled and business community will be given proper representation in
such Committees.
      He said 3 years consistent members of ICCI will be issued
special cards so that they are stopped at police check points
and be treated properly.
      Highlighting the performance of Islamabad Police, he said
as compared to the period from January to May 2014, murders incidents
have decreased by 28 percent, robberies by 44 percent, general
thefts by 31 percent, burglaries by 32 percent, car thefts by 26
percent and motor cycles theft by 37 percentd from January to May
2015.
      In his welcome address, Muzzamil Hussain Sabri, President,
Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry highlighted various
security related issues of business community.
      ICCI Group leader Abdul Rauf Alam called for additional
allocations for Police.
      Tariq Sadiq, Mian Akram Farid, Muhammad Ejaz Abbasi, Khalid
Malik, Malik Sohail Hussain, Sarfraz Haider, Ch. Riasat, Ch. Irfan,
Khalid Mian and representatives of various markets also highlighted
issues of trade and industry.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Gap between PNG's rich and poor grows

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 510 words


WHILE Papua New Guinea (PNG) has maintained its position as one of the fastest
growing economies in Asia and the Pacific in 2012, the gap between rich and poor
is increasing.

"Remote and rural communities in PNG remain cut off from economic opportunities
due to poor roads and lack of reliable, safe shipping services, as the gap
between rich and poor grows wider," said Xianbin Yao, Director General of the
Asian Development Bank's (ADB) Pacific Department at a special year end ADB
event in Port Moresby.

"Economic growth must be accompanied by a narrowing of inequality to ensure
future prosperity in PNG."

The ADB event provided updates on ADB projects and programs in Papua New Guinea
and discussed potential challenges and opportunities that will be faced by the
PNG Government and development partners in 2013. "ADB in partnership with the
Government of Papua New Guinea is rehabilitating critical roads and bridges to
help promote the safe and efficient movement of people and goods around the
country which will result in improved service delivery," said Marcelo Minc,
Country Director of ADB's Papua New Guinea Resident Mission.

Openness to trade will also be a key ingredient in PNG's future prosperity, the
forum was told.

By connecting PNG's local producers to domestic, regional, and global markets,
trade will help fight poverty, boost the economy, raise living standards and
improve access to basic services.

The forum heard that PNG's private sector has more than doubled over the past
seven years, largely due to the combination of sensible monetary and fiscal
policies and structural reforms in financial services, telecommunications and
aviation to boost business investment and encourage economic diversification.

The recently released 2013 National Budget foreshadows a significant scaling up
of funding to priority sectors of health, education, law and order, and
infrastructure.

In line with its current PNG Country Partnership Strategy (CPS), ADB aims to
work together with the PNG Government to implement its planned infrastructure
investments (including support for road, seaport, and airport rehabilitation and
improvement; community water transport; and renewable power generation), private
sector development and regional cooperation. The CPS also commits ADB to helping
the Government deliver rural primary health services.

ADB and the Government of Australia through the Microfinance Expansion Project
is strengthening industry regulation and increase the capacity of Nationwide
Microbank to deliver a wider range of financial services and products to rural
areas, with a focus on lending to micro and small enterprises, and especially to
women, who struggle to access credit and income-generating opportunities.

ADB, based in Manila, is dedicated to reducing poverty in Asia and the Pacific
through inclusive economic growth, environmentally sustainable growth, and
regional integration.

Established in 1966, it is owned by 67 members - 48 from the region. In 2011,
ADB approvals including co-financing totaled $21.7 billion.

Source: PACNEWS

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

McIlveen welcomes Treasury statement on ongoing CAP support

LENGTH: 519  words


Farm Minister Michelle McIlveen has welcomed a statement from the Treasury
giving a firm commitment to maintain current levels of CAP support to farmers
out to 2020.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond MP, said the Government will honour
payments to farmers up to 2020 and also scientists, university researchers and
infrastructure projects previously funded by the EU.

Minister McIlveen said the move had removed much uncertainty and creates time in
which to develop a new approach to domestic agricultural support.

She added: "I know that some will ask what comes beyond 2020, but that was a
question we were facing within the EU anyway.  At least we now have an
opportunity to shape a support regime that is more suited to our needs and one
that is not over-burdened with unnecessary bureaucracy.  We can now turn our
attention to addressing this particular issue, and this important opportunity.

"We will continue to move forward with our plans to deliver our Rural
Development Programme, including the forthcoming opening of the Farm Business
Investment Scheme and the continued operation of the Business Discussion Groups
and Family Farm Key Skills, and the roll out of the Leader programme.

"A well-funded and properly targeted agri-environment measure has to be an
important component of our domestic agricultural agenda moving forward, and I
will be fighting hard to secure that outcome.  Again, we now have the
opportunity to develop an approach that meets our needs and is not burdened with
unnecessary bureaucracy. This must now be our focus moving forward and I am
confident we can achieve a good outcome on this."

The Minister concluded: "Overall, the announcement by Treasury is the first
tangible step on our journey towards EU exit post the referendum as far as
agriculture is concerned.  This is a positive step and we must now turn our
attention to the opportunities that lie ahead"

The announcement from the Treasury has also been welcomed by Ulster Unionist
peer Lord Kilclooney, who hailed it has good news for Ulster farmers and many
others in Northern Ireland.

He added: "It is the kind of assurance which many required and is really what
many of us expected. It is a useful contribution to the testing period as the UK
proceeds towards exit from the EU in two or three years' time. With a gross
saving of £20 billion per year the Treasury was always considered to be able to
give such financial support after the UK left the EU.

"The recent letter by the First Minister and Deputy First Minister about the
impact of Brexit to the Prime Minister was a timely and well balanced
contribution to the issues in Northern Ireland which will require to be
addressed.

"In addition to the future support for our agriculture industry after 2020 we
also need to have an increase in the Block Grant from the Treasury to Stormont
to replace the EU Social Fund and Regional Development Fund assistance which
previously came from Brussels. With a gross saving of £20 billion per annum this
reallocation of funds to Stormont as well as Scotland and Wales should be a real
possibility," Lord Kilclooney added.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

Unique program to bring business to Caribou

BYLINE: Jen Lynds BDN Staff

LENGTH: 400 words


CARIBOU, Maine -- A grant secured by the Northern Maine Development Commission
will fund training sessions geared toward helping potential entrepreneurs plan
and carry out business ventures.


The money awarded to NMDC will allow the economic development group to offer an
11-session training program for selected entrepreneurs. After the sessions,
private investors in Caribou may select the most promising plan or plans and
provide backing for the ventures.


The NMDC was granted $50,000 from the U.S Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program and a matching $50,000 from the Northern Maine Finance
Corporation.


The news was announced Friday by Duane Walton, director of business finance at
NMDC.


Walton said that NMDC officials will pick submissions that "show the greatest
interest in being an entrepreneur, with entrepreneurial spirit, and wanting to
come to Caribou.


"At the end they [the participants selected] will have a business model for a
business type they have researched and then present that to the investors," he
said.


The plan was supported by Caribou City Manager Steven Buck, who lauded it as a
"new and unique approach" toward business investment for people who want to set
up shop in Caribou.


"There are numerous business opportunities within our region," he said. "There
are opportunities in information technology using our existing and recently
enhanced infrastructure, light industrial and commercial enterprises to utilize
our existing capacities, and any number of niche markets that are yet to be
tapped. The best business opportunities are those that the entrepreneur has
invested the time [in] to fully develop the business model for success."


Walton said that he felt that a manufacturing business would be a workable idea,
as would retail.


"The key to the whole thing is to find out what's needed in Caribou and that's
part of the process," Walton said.


He added that he was hopeful that the program would entice people who had left
the region to come home and open a business.


Applications and a brochure, which outlines the program, are available on the
Northern Maine Development Commission website www.nmdc.org. The application
deadline is July 31. Selection of the eligible participants will be completed by
Aug. 15 and the entrepreneur/business plan training sessions will begin the week
after Labor Day. The plan is to complete all phases of the program by Dec. 1.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                           November 8, 2007 Thursday

If you pay peanuts you get monkeys it seems

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1142 words


Isee that yet another report has come out, this time from Devon County Council
showing that the Torridge district is falling below the national average in
terms of skills levels, salaries and business investment. In fact, Torridge
comes in at 407 out of 408 UK districts in terms of pay.

Parts of North Devon are not much better.  It is an ironic fact that another
survey recently listed the inhabitants of West Devon as some of the happiest in
the country, with their lot.   Thus, within the same widespread parliamentary
constituency, we can find the cheerful yuppies of Tavistock and the genuinely
deprived rural  poor in Holsworthy's area.

I tend to bang on about similar themes week in and week out, but I will just say
this again:  the skills levels are deeply affected by the salary factor.   I am
amazed sometimes by the low wages offered by some local employers for
responsible jobs.

The old cliché rings true: if you pay peanuts you get monkeys - or at least,
people who are not highly motivated.

I can remember some years ago applying for a job with a national supermarket
chain at its local branch.  To my disappointment I found that my salary was
going to be somewhat smaller than someone doing the same job at their Exeter
outlet. Needless to say, the prices charged for their goods this end of the
country were much higher than in the south east.  Transport costs were cited as
a reason, but quite how their staff were meant to survive, I am not sure.

The fact was, that at that time, I could get more money driving the choo-choo
train at Pixieland in Kilkhampton and when I pointed this out, they kindly
suggested that I could do days for Pixieland and nights for them.  Obviously
they felt three or four hours sleep a night was quite enough for local peasants
to get by on.

I fear that this Dickensian attitude to local labour has far from vanished and
many people I know continue having to struggle with long hours and more than one
job, just to make ends meet.  Also, I do not have to point out that the cost of
living around here is actually higher than in the cities!  Discuss - as the exam
papers used to say.

I see that local authorities are supposedly looking into these problems.  They
will probably call in some graduates from elsewhere to conduct another expensive
and depressing survey,  but I do suggest they just speak directly to a few
locals - after all, we are much cheaper to run.  Any of the local graduates we
do produce (and there are lots - did I mention my own two daughters for a
start?) are usually forced to move elsewhere to find a worthwhile job and a
house that they can afford.  It all seems a bit of a vicious circle.

More seriously, I do hope that Devon's Action Programme for Regeneration
succeeds in its purposes and I hope it can be sustained for long enough to
maintain any such success.  Too many initiatives over the years have been too
short lived and under-funded to make much impact on these grim problems; and as
we all know, nobody votes for Gordon around here so we are of no interest to the
National Government, whatsoever.

BY the time this gets to print, another firework night will have been and gone,
without too much damage and mayhem, I hope.

However, I am afraid that I cannot let this superannuated "celebration" of the
defeat of a 17th Century terrorist plot go by without my own annual rant.  I
cannot believe that our own dear "Nanny" state still allows this ritual descent
into dangerous anarchy every year.  Despite tough new measures on retail dates
and raised age limits for purchasers, the night skies of autumn have been rent
by the usual explosions for weeks.

Irresponsible nit-wits are still getting their hands on fireworks and they are
still damaging themselves, property, animals and innocent people.  The fire
service and other emergency personnel detest this stupid festival when children
are so often maimed for life both by ill-controlled bonfires and by fireworks.
Is it not time to draw a line under it forever?  Organised displays by local
groups have become highly expensive to run and insure - it must be appropriate
now to restrict fireworks to the massive formal displays which are run and
regulated by the authorities themselves on a few, rare occasions, each year.

If the public is restricted on smoking, drinking, hunting and you name it, is it
too much to ask that a genuinely dangerous, silly and unnecessary bad old custom
be abolished?  I do not think so; it is not worth risking one more injured child
for this noisy nonsense.

IN among the usual run of complaints I encounter regularly from the public came
a new one last week.

Vandalised "dog bins" - the contents of which have been removed and spread over
one of Holsworthy's footpaths and, even worse, neighbouring gardens.  Obviously
we are dealing with some deeply stupid children here.  One of the many reasons
responsible dog owners collect their animals' droppings and  place them in the
bins provided is because they constitute a potential health risk, particularly
to younger children.

Now, I know that it is usually useless appealing to the better nature of the
families who seem to produce these delinquents because they do not appear to
care about their adverse impact on other people for an instant,  but I do wonder
if they are aware of these health risks to their own offspring?

Extremely nasty consequences can ensue, even blindness if someone is unlucky
and/or careless.  Nobody has any right to be ignorant of these dangers and if
common sense and decency are not enough to restrain such idiots, perhaps a sense
of self preservation may eventually kick in.  But what kind of society are we
creating for ourselves where just basic common sense is so blatantly lacking?

THE new shopping centre in Plymouth has received much publicity in the last year
or so - a bit mixed on the architectural side - but generally favourable for the
city and its declared regeneration.

I finally succumbed and decided to visit last week.    Jen and I caught the one
bus available for this purpose in Holsworthy which comes through on a Saturday
morning (public transport - is there any in Devon? - the theme for my new
thesis) and meanders slowly south.   Now, whatever the debatable attractions of
the Drake's Circus shopping centre, you would think Plymouth might want to make
a good first impression on any visitors to its realm - but that clearly is not
the case!

The Bretonside bus station remains the ghastly stink hole it always was - and a
deeply unappetising way to enter the city centre.  To be fair, I have always
found Exeter's bus station equally sordid.

I offer a free tip to all city fathers, everywhere - clean these places up if
you seriously want people to use public transport. We then returned to
Holsworthy and our own little bus stop - yuk - enough said, we all have a job to
do on this front, I think.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday

OK House places one-year moratorium on tax loophole

BYLINE: Kim Roberts

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 339  words


Following much debate and procedural wrangling, the state House of
Representatives voted Monday to close a controversial tax credit loophole that
some claim has been abused to the tune of $66 million. </p>

Legislators had placed a moratorium on previous versions of Senate Bill 1693,
set to expire June 1. After several procedural maneuvers, the House approved an
amendment by state Rep. Fred Morgan, R-Oklahoma City, which extended the
moratorium until June 1, 2007. </p>

Several legislators pushed for the amendment, claiming it was unlikely a
solution to close the loophole would be found before the June 1, 2006 deadline.
</p>

The bill's author, state Rep. Odilia Dank, R-Oklahoma City, was initially
opposed to extending the moratorium, saying that discussions were occurring that
would close the loophole before June 1. </p>

Dank was also unable to explain why she had replaced state Rep. John Carey,
D-Durant, the bill's original House author. </p>

State Rep. Mike Reynolds, R-Oklahoma City, said he had some problems with the
lack of openness involving the bill, but he did support the amendment. </p>

"We need to make sure we have plenty of time to fix it," Reynolds said. </p>

The loophole stems from two laws enacted over a decade ago. The Small Business
Capital Formation Incentive Act and the Rural Venture Capital Formation
Incentive Act created a 30-percent tax credit for rural company investments and
a 20-percent tax credit for small business investments. </p>

The loophole was discovered in 2005 when the amount of businesses using the
program skyrocketed, jumping from $2 million to about $66 million. Some
companies had discovered they could apply the borrowed funds from the state to
the tax credit program, allowing them to recoup their tax liability cost by two
or three times over. In effect, these companies could avoid paying income taxes
for 10 years. </p>

Monday's vote provides the Legislature one more year to permanently close the
loophole. </p>

The measure passed 100-0 and will now move to the Senate. </p>

</p>

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 13, 1998 Monday

SR Telecom

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; INVESTMENT NEWS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 94 words


Standard & Poor's Corp. has assigned a double-B-minus corporate credit rating to
SR Telecom Inc. It also assigned a double-B-minus rating to the company's
proposed $75-million of senior unsecured debentures. The outlook is "stable," it
said.

The ratings take into account SR Telecom's "relatively limited" product
diversity, its exposure to developing countries and the financial strength of
its closest competitors, the New York rating agency said.

SR Telecom of Montreal designs, makes and markets microwave products for
telephone systems in rural and remote areas.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               September 22, 1997

SMALL-TIMERS, BIG IDEAS: FAMILY'S BANK BREAKS MOLD

BYLINE: MATT ROUSH  CRAIN'S DETROIT BUSINESS

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 2183 words


The Ranzini family owns and runs a small Ann Arbor community bank, but they sure
don't seem to fit the mold of small-time bankers.

Instead, the Ranzinis seem intent on building their University Bancorp Inc. into
a wide-ranging financial empire that industry analysts call highly unusual.

The numbers at University Bancorp (Nasdaq: UNIB) are unusual, too.

As of June 30, University Bancorp had $62.6 million in assets, of which just
$28.5 million was in loans. That's an unconventional balance sheet for a bank,
but it's less unconventional than it was last Dec. 31, when University had $78.4
million in assets but only $20.7 million in loans.

By contrast, Bank of Ann Arbor - a community bank that opened in January 1996,
within a month of University - had $51.2 million in assets with $41.3 million in
loans as of June 30.

Besides the bank, University also has a significant minority stake in Michigan
BIDCO and owns a couple of mortgage companies. BIDCOs, a creation of Michigan
law, make loans that are too risky for banks.

University also used the BIDCO to bankroll the Northern Michigan Foundation,
which will invest in economic development in northern Michigan using a $2
million federal loan. The loan carries 1 percent interest over 30 years and has
been made through the U.S. Rural Development Services, the former rural
development program of the federal Farmers Home Administration.

University and the Ranzinis have pursued other aggressive financial plans,
including buying pools of distressed loans from failed thrifts and making
personal investments in some of the deals the BIDCO has done. University also
started, but then abandoned, a purchase attempt at a Maryland thrift.

''These things are quite unusual, especially for a bank their size,'' said Tony
Howard, research director for Detroit brokers First of Michigan Corp. ''They're
not your typical bank. But over the past year, they've tried to become more like
a typical community bank.''

University is raising $15 million to create a small-business investment
corporation, a privately owned investment capital firm licensed and regulated by
the U.S. Small Business Administration.

Early investors in the SBIC include the Sault Ste. Marie Tribe of Chippewa
Indians and North Country Bank & Trust in Manistique in the Upper Peninsula,
said University Bancorp's 32-year-old president and CEO, Stephen Ranzini, whose
family controls 70 percent of University stock.

''We've committed to investing a million dollars in the venture over three
years,'' said Stewart Brannen, director of business development for the Sault
Ste. Marie Tribe's Economic Development Commission. ''Steve (Ranzini) and his
father are very astute investors, and we've tried to establish a close and
ongoing relationship with them.''

As the locations of those investors might indicate, the Ranzinis' Michigan
banking roots are in the U.P., where they bought a bank in tiny Newberry nine
years ago.

University technically still is based in Sault Ste. Marie, though its executive
offices have been on Maiden Lane just east of downtown Ann Arbor since Feb. 6,
1996. Ranzini says an official switch of headquarters cities is coming soon.

Building a bank

Ranzini said University Bancorp now is concentrating on building its Ann Arbor
banking franchise. Its marketing plans pitch the institution to women,
minorities and union members, all of whom are represented on the bank's board.
The Ranzini family, however, maintains tight control of the holding company's
board, with five of its nine seats.

''We're reaching out to a wider part of the community than the other start-up
bank in town,'' said Ranzini, referring to Bank of Ann Arbor, whose executives
declined to comment on University Bank. ''We're also marketing pretty heavily to
nonprofits, since Ann Arbor has a large nonprofit component.''

A third community bank did comment on its competition. Richard Dorner, president
of the Ann Arbor Commerce Bank, said he thought there was enough growth and
business in Ann Arbor for all three community banks. ''We started out with just
our capital and built on that,'' Dorner said. ''They (University) started out on
a different level and built upon a different base and a different strategy.''

So far, University Bancorp hasn't posted much profit, but by the end of last
year, it had grabbed a 1 percent share of the Ann Arbor deposit market, and
Ranzini estimated its June 30 figure at about 1.4 percent, or $31.5 million in
new deposits attracted in the Ann Arbor area. And its filings with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission say its borrowers are now ''geographically
concentrated in Ann Arbor.''

University Bancorp posted net income of $125,000 in the first quarter, its first
profit since moving its bank to Ann Arbor. But the company lost $326,513 in the
second quarter.

Reasons for the loss, according to University Bancorp's SEC filing for the
second quarter:

A $194,000 one-time special loan loss provision, required by federal bank
examiners and attributed to University's loan growth, rather than specific loan
problems.

A $145,000 one-time additional profit-sharing expense at a University
subsidiary, Farmington Hills-based mortgage banker Varsity Mortgage L.L.C.,
related to a rewrite of University's agreement with Varsity Mortgage management
that removes a cap on University's potential profits in the subsidiary.

A $210,000 accrual in bonuses due University Bank president Mark Ouimet,
stemming from faster-than-expected meeting of Ouimet's bonus requirements in
terms of University's growth.

Despite the second-quarter disappointment, University through six months cut its
losses to $201,879 from $421,974 in the first half of 1996.

University posted $1.8 million in net income in 1994, its last year in the U.P.
It then lost $295,000 in 1995 and $537,000 in 1996, with most of the losses
related to the move to Ann Arbor.

Losses are certainly expected at a startup bank, and Stephen Ranzini said
University Bank should be viewed as a start-up, since its move to Ann Arbor last
year. That's because it sold almost all of its loans and all three of its
branches in the U.P. in late 1994. The industry rule of thumb is that start-up
banks usually don't make profits until their third year of operation.

From N.J. to the U.P.

But how did a New Jersey real estate developer family wind up banking in the
Upper Peninsula, anyway?

Stephen Ranzini, son of New Jersey real estate attorney and developer Joseph
Ranzini, graduated from Yale University in 1986. Shortly after his graduation,
he was quoted in The New York Times as one of a handful of whiz-kid students
whom major universities were allowing to manage a portion of their endowment
funds.

Ranzini said he's been interested in managing money as long as he can remember.
''At 12, when other kids were reading the sports section, I read the stock
tables,'' he said.

An economic history major, Ranzini also worked as an intern at Baltimore's T.
Rowe Price Associates, where he did research on bank and thrift holding
companies. After graduation, he used that experience to get a job as an analyst
at Stamford, Conn.-based General Host Corp., which owns Detroit's Frank's
Nursery & Crafts Inc.

But that job lasted less than three years before Ranzini persuaded his father to
put part of the family fortune into a bank. The Ranzinis said they studied
dozens of potential targets.

Ranzini said he found a three-line ad in The Wall Street Journal advertising a
bank for sale with a return address of Jupiter Island, Fla. The bank turned out
to be the Newberry State Bank in the eastern Upper Peninsula town of the same
name.

The purchase came at the equivalent of $1.55 a share, taking subsequent stock
splits into account. The bank sold roughly 25 percent of the institution in an
initial public offering in 1990 at the equivalent price of $2. After trading as
high as $8.50 a share late last year and at $8 in the spring, the stock last
week was at $5.25, although it doesn't trade much. Only 400 shares changed hands
in the entire month of July and 800 shares in the month of August. An unusually
heavy trading day came Sept. 9, when 6,400 shares changed hands.

When purchased, Newberry State Bank had a single office with $28 million in
assets. Ranzini established a branch in Sault Ste. Marie and took the bank to
$62 million in assets over about five years.

Former U.P. competitors and community observers call the Ranzinis ambitious and
driven.

''I worked on a number of projects with Joe and Steve (Ranzini) and have nothing
but respect for them,'' said Bud Mansfield, executive director of the Sault Area
Chamber of Commerce.

And Sault Ste. Marie competitor Willard ''Frenchie'' LaJoie, chairman and CEO of
Central Savings Bank, which has $102 million in assets, said Stephen Ranzini
''does a lot of homework, and my impression is that he's a quick learner. ... I
think they just wanted to move on to a bigger market area. There's no limit to
their ambition.''

The BIDCO

The Ranzinis also got involved in economic development in northern Michigan
through Northern Michigan BIDCO, chartered in 1993.

Today, the renamed Michigan BIDCO has offices in Sault Ste. Marie, Traverse
City, Lansing and Ann Arbor. It has made $13 million in investments over its
lifetime in everything from the ABC-TV affiliate in Traverse City to a paper
mill in Menominee, and it has current assets of about $6.5 million. University
Bancorp's share of the BIDCO's income: $50,301 in 1996, down from $94,538 in
1995 and $174,942 in 1994.

Ranzini said the BIDCO's income is falling because it now is fully invested and
is not generating fee income from new deals. He said income is expected to rise
as its borrowers pay off loans.

University Bancorp now owns 41 percent of the BIDCO, but the BIDCO also has $3
million in bonds outstanding that are convertible to stock. If all those bonds
are converted to stock, the bank's share of the BIDCO will shrink to 16 percent.
Stephen Ranzini and his family own $693,000 of the bonds, which if converted
would amount to 20 percent of the BIDCO's stock.

Ranzini said Michigan BIDCO has offered participations in deals to its board
members and bondholders for a simple reason: to get deals done.

''We totally disclose all of these investments,'' Ranzini said. ''The story is,
we have a lending limit of $500,000, and when a project needs a loan of
$800,000, what do you do? What we did was go to the shareholders and the
bondholders of the BIDCO to get some additional financing.''

State Financial Institutions Bureau Commissioner Patrick McQueen said he didn't
know of other Michigan BIDCOs whose board members take part in deals alongside
the BIDCO.

''There's nothing inappropriate about these interrelationships, but they've got
to be disclosed when they're voted on in a board meeting or something like
that,'' McQueen said. ''They would have to be dealt with very carefully. Board
members could not vote on their own loan transactions, for instance. That would
be a clear conflict of interest.''

The Sault Ste. Marie Tribe's Brannen praised the BIDCO for providing financing
that has leveraged $270 million in private investment, preserving 310 jobs and
creating 415 new jobs in northern Michigan. Brannen sits on the BIDCO's board,
since the tribe also owns an undisclosed stake of the BIDCO's stock.

''We think the BIDCO has done quite well,'' Brannen said.

From the U.P. to A2

The move to Ann Arbor came in late 1994, when Stephen Ranzini said he got an
offer too good to pass up - $3.5 million above book value to sell the two U.P.
branches, their deposits and most of their loans to North Country State Bank &
Trust of Manistique.

The Ranzinis kept their state banking charter, however, and decided to reopen in
Ann Arbor because of the potential for growth.

University bought its current home on Maiden Lane, two blocks from the
University of Michigan Hospitals, from a credit union that was building a new
headquarters. It paid $570,000 for the 9,000-square-foot building.

University Bank also entered the crowded Detroit-area mortgage banking market by
establishing subsidiaries Varsity Funding L.L.C. in late 1995 and Varsity
Mortgage L.L.C. in early 1996. Both Farmington Hills-based companies are
subsidiaries of University Bank. Varsity Funding competes in the ''subprime''
mortgage market of bruised-credit borrowers, while Varsity Mortgage works in
so-called A mortgages. Varsity Funding buys $2 million a month in mortgages from
brokers and resells them, Ranzini said; Varsity Mortgage buys about $30 million
a month in volume. The companies posted $202,000 in pretax income in 1996 and
$213,000 in the first quarter of 1997, according to University Bancorp's filings
with the SEC.

Also in late 1995, University Bank bought 80 percent of Midwest Loan Services
Inc., a Houghton mortgage-servicing firm that posted pretax operating income of
just $2,000 in 1996, but $48,000 in the first quarter of 1997, according to SEC
filings.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: START-UP? Stephen Ranzini, president and CEO of University Bancorp,
says the bank should be viewed as a start-up, since it moved to Ann Arbor last
year. University Bancorp sold almost all of its loans and all of its branches in
the Upper Peninsula in late 1994.

                    Copyright 1997 Crain Communications Inc.


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

New minister sets out her priorities

LENGTH: 840  words


The Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) will play
an important role in promoting Northern Ireland's agri-food and fisheries
industries and in protecting its environment, according to newly-appointed
Minister, Michelle McIlveen.

Welcoming her new role, Miss McIlveen said: "The new Department has wide ranging
responsibilities which impact all our citizens. I am very much looking forward
to the challenges and opportunities it will bring.

"I want to ensure that DAERA helps to strengthen Northern Ireland's economy by
sustainably growing our agri-food and fisheries industries.

"We must capitalise and deliver on the significant opportunities offered through
initiatives such as Going for Growth' and the Year of Food and Drink 2016'."

She added: "I am aware of the significant challenges that face our agri-food
industry and will give full attention to addressing these difficulties.

"I will also work with the Economy Minister Simon Hamilton to help open new
market opportunities for our local industry." "The creation of DAERA and the new
Assembly mandate also provide the opportunity to address challenges around the
protection and improvement of our natural environment, and in the years ahead,
we must enhance water quality, conserve habitats and species, and support
improvements in recycling and resource management."

Meanwhile, The Ulster Farmers' Union has welcomed the appointment of Michelle
McIlveen. The organisation's president, Barclay Bell says he looks forward to
working with the new minister, stressing that she will be in charge of an
industry that shapes the Northern Ireland countryside, which is a key driver of
the local economy.

He added: "Michelle McIlveen takes on the agriculture brief at a time when the
industry is under extreme financial pressure.  This makes the job a big
challenge. But at the same time there is considerable scope for a new minister
to deliver."

The key issues the UFU will be pursuing were set out in its manifesto before the
election.  These include securing more fairness along the food supply chain,
driving the Going for Growth strategy, easing the path of young people into the
industry, opening new markets and ensuring the direct CAP payments farmers rely
on reach them speedily.

"The income crisis will be at the heart of our initial discussions," commented
the Union president.

"There are issues which the minister can deliver on very quickly. These include
faster implementation of the rural development programme, including the farm
business investment and agri-environment schemes; better access to finance for
the farming industry, payment of the Emergency Assistance scheme to those
farmers affected by last winter's flooding, the signing off of the delayed
environmental prosperity agreement, and active consideration of easing cash flow
pressures by a possible early release of direct CAP payments."

Barclay Bell suggested that an easy red tape cutting decision for the new
minister would be the abolition of the Agricultural Wages Board which, he
believes, has become even more unnecessary following the recent introduction of
the National Living Wage.

"Speedy action on issues like these will boost farmer confidence in the new
minister," said the UFU president.

Michelle McIIveen is Assembly Member for Strangford. She was re-elected to the
NI Assembly in May 2016, having served previous terms from 2007-2011 and
2011-2014.  She was previously a Junior Minister in the Office of First and
Deputy First Minister before taking up the post of Minister in the former
Department of Regional Development. She was also a previous Chair of the
Assembly's Culture, Arts and Leisure and Education Committees.

DUP MEP Diane Dodds has welcomed the appointment of her party colleague as the
new minister.

She said: "Michelle has demonstrated through previous roles in the Executive an
unwavering commitment to tackling issues of importance for people right across
our Province. This I feel was evidenced in her assured performance in the
Department of Regional Development at a time of substantive challenge and
constraint.

"Agriculture is currently facing unprecedented challenges across a number of
sectors but we as a party are committed to do what we can for the sector.
Michelle's appointment adds a crucial element to this party's input into
agriculture policy at home, Westminster and Europe and I look forward to working
with Michelle on these issues."

Meanwhile Upper Bann MP David Simpson (DEFRA Committee Member) said the
appointment of Michelle to this office has paid tribute to the work that she has
done in the Northern Ireland Executive in recent months.

"It is unfortunate that previous DARD ministers did not acquire a stronger
relationship with DEFRA in Westminster, however I trust that I can help
facilitate a fresh, stronger partnership between DAERA and DEFRA. Many of the
challenges facing farmers in Northern Ireland fall within the Westminster remit
and I look forward to relaying these barriers to our new Minister in the coming
days."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

GYEDC presents ways to improve bottom line

BYLINE: Mara Knaub, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 875 words


July 11--Businesses can still improve their bottom line even tough economic
times -- with a little help.

That's the message shared at the Greater Yuma Economic Development Corp.
Quarterly Investor Luncheon on Tuesday.

"Crisis brings opportunity," according to Keith Watkins, senior vice president
of business attraction at the Arizona Commerce Authority.

Through the 2012 Business Retention and Expansion Survey, the GYEDC asked local
businesses what holds them back from growing. The survey revealed a need for
information on business incentives, workforce training funds, low-interest
loans, research and development tax credits, employee tax credits and government
contract procurement, said Doug Nicholls, GYEDC chairman.

With the theme "What's in It for You? Innovative Ways to Improve Your Bottom
Line," a variety of speakers shared such information with those in attendance.

Watkins noted that the ACA, formerly the Arizona Department of Commerce, has
been re-created as a streamlined organization with a focus on job creation. And
not just any jobs, he pointed out. The organization's key focus is on "quality"
jobs.

"We don't want to be exempting jobs that are less than the median county wage,"
Watkins said, adding that in Yuma County, that is an annual wage of $25,210.

The incentives are different for rural areas. "We're trying to give rural areas
a leg up," he said.

Watkins noted that incentives are also available for existing business, not just
startups.

The most popular is the job training reimbursement grant, which ranges from
$5,000 to $8,000 per employee. But, "there's no free lunch here," Watkins said,
noting that companies first have to invest the money, then they're reimbursed.

He invited companies with job growth on the horizon to contact the ACA. The
organization also works closely with the Yuma Private Industry Council (YPIC).

Another available incentive is the low-interest loans program. "It's like an
80/20 mortgage. We would be the 20, the secondary lender," Watkins explained.

"The one drive for this loan is jobs. We're not bankers, that's not what we do."

The program aims to help businesses "get over a hump" by giving them loans for
working capital, inventory and/or improvements. It's for small businesses with
under 500 employees. However, this program can't be used with another Small
Business Administration loan.

The Quality Jobs Tax Credit Program encourages business investment and job
creation. In rural areas, the program provides tax credits to employers who
create a minimum of five new "quality" jobs and make a minimum capital
investment of $1 million. The program offers up to $9,000 of Arizona income or
premium tax credits spread over a three-year period for each job.

A qualified job is a new full-time and permanent position that pays 100 percent
of the median county wage and the company offers to pay 65 percent of health
insurance costs of the employee.

Any company making the minimum capital investment in Arizona and creating the
minimum new quality jobs can apply.

"We're very concerned and focused on rural areas," Watkins said.

He encouraged Yuma County business owners to get in touch with GYEDC "and let us
know how to help you."

Terry Frydenlund, president and CEO of 1st Bank Yuma, wanted to put a rumor to
rest. The rumor -- "banks are not lending" -- is a lie, he said.

While some banks might not be lending, certainly some banks are, he said. "My
advice is seek those banks that are lending."

Another false rumor is that "a bank is a bank is a bank." He noted that banks
have different business models, and business owners should look for a bank that
best suits their needs.

Another pointer he shared is that most banks are cash flow lenders, meaning they
understand that the loan payment will be paid with the money the company makes.

Frydenlund also offered these tips when approaching a bank for a loan.

--Be prepared. Understand what you need and why you need it. Don't ask, "How
much can I borrow?"

--Be honest. "If it's good, it's good. If it's bad, it's bad. We will find out
if you lied. Just be honest. It's a tough economy. Not every business is
prospering in this economy."

--Have a plan. Understand how you will repay the loan. "Yuma is extremely lucky
in that we have resources available," including the Small Business Development
Center (SBDC) and knowledgeable lawyers and accountants.

--Be open-minded and willing to negotiate the terms of a loan.

--Finally, pay your loan. "You don't want me at your doorstep collecting."

In conclusion, Frydenlund suggested that businesses view their bank as a
partner.

In addition, he said, bankers should offer advice on how to get into position to
get a loan. If not, a business owner might look for another bank.

"Understand the bank's business model. If they're not interested, move on to the
next deal," he said.

The final two speakers, Mercedes Mendivil of YPIC and James Vickers of the SBDC
Procurement Technical Assistance Center, will be covered in an upcoming edition
of the Yuma Sun.

Mara Knaub can be reached at mknaub@yumasun.com or 539-6856. Find her on
Facebook at Facebook.com/YSMaraKnaub or on Twitter at @YSMaraKnaub.

___ (c)2012 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120711-YZ-GYEDC-presents-ways-to-improve-bottom-line-0711-20120711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2012 The Sun


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Daily Independent (Nigeria)

                             August 19, 2016 Friday

We Are Determined To Modernise BOA- Danju

LENGTH: 540  words


Prof Danbala , Managing Director and Chief Executive officer of Bank of
Agriculture (BOA), has said his administration is determined to modernize the
bank so that it will provide the services that are needed.

He said the bank's restructuring programme would affect the farmers tremendously
because with more resources the bank will support farmers from the input stage
when they want to buy fertilizers, seeds, agro-chemicals as well as support them
with extension services.

further said the bank is planning big for farmers especially small farmers who
for long time have not been supported as much and that is why the bank is
looking for the recapitalization so that it can support farmers the more in the
rural areas across the length and breadth of the country.

"Our restructuring programme will affect farmers tremendously because with more
resources we are going to support farmers from the input stage when they want to
buy fertilizers seeds agro chemical as we as support them with extension
services, so this is very important for farmers.

"We are planning big for farmers especially small farmers who for long time have
not been supported as much and that is why we are looking for the
recapitalization of the bank so that we can support farmers the more in the
rural area across the length and breadth of the country" he said.

However, he said the Federal Ministry Of Agriculture and Rural Development in
conjunction with the bank is considering single digit interest rate for farmers
as well as other incentives to ensure massive investment in agriculture.

He said a situation where farmers in other countries are been offered between
two to four per cent where we are charging 14 per cent, taking into
consideration administrative charges among other charges, is not conducive for
investments in agriculture.

said the bank is exploring the concept of land bank, which has been tried
particularly in China and other countries with much success, stressing that this
initiative is to make it possible for people to have access to land especially
for commercial agriculture.

"This initiative is to ensure that people have access to land especially
commercial land for agriculture and also to utilise the vast unutilised land
that would be available through the land bank initiative. We will be asking
state governments to give us like 50,000 hectares so that we can lease out for
agricultural development and on profit basis," said.

Speaking further he said there is easy access to the bank, that the bank is in
all the state capital which farmers can walk into and get basic information
about how to access their products, adding that his administration is determined
to restructure the bank and that it is getting the necessary support from the
current administration.

"We have issued directives to farmers, groups of farmers and associations to
form agricultural cooperatives. We also have collaborations with state
governments, with ministries, agencies as well as international partners like
World Bank, Africa Development Bank and several bi-lateral developmental
institutions with a view to bring in more investment to support agro-business
investment".

Seyi Taiwo-Oguntuase

Lagos

http://imgs.syndigate.info/633/1803/50/147169668928.jpg

Danju

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1803


                       Copyright 2016 Daily Independent.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                                January 13, 2015

Ongwediva to Focus On Land Delivery

BYLINE: Regina Simasiku

LENGTH: 424 words


Land delivery will be one of the main focus areas for Ongwediva Town Council
this year, council spokesperson Andreas Uutoni says.

Last Friday, Uutoni said the council would streamline its operations to enhance
service delivery to meet increasing demand for improved services.

The council strongly believes that if the issue of land is addressed, the rest
would automatically follow. "The rehabilitation of our oxidation ponds is also
our number one priority in order to cater for the increase in investment in
household, businesses and industries," said Uutoni.

He said the town council would work with the community and investors in an
effort to enhance effective and efficient service delivery.

Uutoni highlighted some of the council's challenges in 2014, a year that was
characterised by an increased demand for improved service delivery and land
allocation.

"Residents no longer want to hear the word 'wait' for services or land
allocations. We have observed an increase in economic activities as a result of
the opening of the two major shopping malls in the region, the Oshana Regional
Mall and Maroela Mall," said Uutoni.

He added that the rise in demand for serviced land is because of an increase in
the rate of urbanisation of the town, as well as increased business investment,
which in turn has attracted job seekers against the backdrop of limited
available serviced land.

The council is also limited in its quest to service land because of insufficient
finances to compensate households from whom the council is buying land.
Households own the land for cultivation and have to give it up to the town
council as the town boundaries widen to include rural areas previously out of
the town boundaries.

Uutoni, however, noted that last year the town council made major inroads in the
provision of services such as water, sewer connections and electricity to
low-income areas.

"We have observed increased registration in land ownership, especially in the
extensions which were in existence before proclamation of Ongwediva as a town
when council offered to purchase residents' land at a subsidised price of N$5.50
per square metre," he added.

He said the council also managed to lay the foundations for mass land delivery
to the residents that will continue in 2015.

The council has successfully compensated and relocated 150 households from
flood-prone areas especially Extension 17 to the higher land at Oshiko
extension.

"In terms of effective and efficient service delivery, we have drastically
reduced water interruption around town," said Uutoni.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             June 11, 1988 Saturday

CHALLENGE MERCANTILE SELLS BRANCHES

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: WONKA T

LENGTH: 200 words


Challenge Mercantile sells branches CHALLENGE Mercantile Ltd has sold its
remaining livestock agency and rural real estate branches in Victoria and
southern New South Wales. The seven branches have been purchased for an
undisclosed amount by Victorian Oatgrowers Pool and Marketing Ltd. The sale
follows Challenge Mercantile's March closure of rural operations in Queensland.
A company spokesman said at the time the sale was part of a rationalisation plan
designed to improve the company's liquidity by reducing group borrowings.
Challenge Mercantile operates wholly-owned Queensland-based subsidiary Mac
Allister and Associates and an agronomics division supplying horticultural
products. MacAllister and Associates, a property developer, was involved in the
developement of the Myer Centre as well as the Lennon's Broadbeach
redevelopement on the Gold Coast. The company secretary Bruce Peucker said
Challenge Mercantile would be looking for business investments throughout
Australia and might expand its Queensland operations at a future date. The
company is active in the export of live sheep and moved more than one million
sheep through its Victorian and Adelaide offices this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            February 11, 2011 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 406 words


NEW super-fast' broadband could arrive in Accrington by 2014 to help boost the
area's economy.

Lancashire council chiefs have drawn up plans to build the network throughout
Lancashire as part of a 10-year strategy to add  £3bn to the region's economy
and create up to 40,000 new jobs.

It is hoped the internet new speeds will help stimulate activity in rural areas,
increase business and attract investment into the valley from both UK-based and
international companies.

The council is currently searching for a private company to partner them to
deliver the project and improve the county's relatively poor coverage.

According to broadband comparison website, Top10.com, the current average
download speed for the UK is 6.21mbps and in Lancashire it is slightly lower at
6.14mbps (megabytes per second).

The average download speed in Accrington is higher then both the UK and
Lancashire averages at 6.642mbps and is also an improvement on 2009 figures,
where the average speed was 5.138mbps.

It also compares favourably to neighbouring Rossendale, which is currently
lagging behind at only 4.882mbps.

Lancashire County Council leader Geoff Driver said: We want to open up
opportunities for businesses in Lancashire, by establishing a super-fast
broadband network.

It is important for the county council to encourage business, create jobs and
develop a sustainable and growing economy. This will help people, especially in
rural or deprived areas, to connect in new ways with the rest of Lancashire and
the wider world.

Hyndburn council leader Peter Britcliffe welcomed the news saying: Lancashire
County Council's proposals to install superfast broadband infrastructure can
only be welcomed.

Business investment decisions are increasingly being based on connectivity which
includes access to international markets, the motorway network and broadband.

Alex Buttle, director of broadband comparison website Top10.com, said:
Super-fast broadband throughout Lancashire would make a huge difference to
people and businesses.

Online productivity is heavily linked to speed of connection and slow broadband
speeds will undoubtedly be costing the local economy dearly and giving the
competitive edge to faster counties and regions.

By bringing Lancashire's average broadband up to the UK national average
broadband speed of just over 6Mb, residents and businesses will surely benefit
immeasurably.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES...Lancashire Council leader Geoff Driver

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                       February 10, 2000, Thursday, FINAL

China's peasants force to deal with: Top leaders in Beijing are aware citizens
in rural regions are a growing threat to power base.

BYLINE: Jonathan Manthorpe

SECTION: Business; F3

LENGTH: 828 words


Last year in China, there were more than 2,000 outbreaks of violent protest in
rural areas, or more than five a day.

All came from outrage among farming people at their heavy tax burdens and the
rampant corruption of local Communist Party officials.

Even that was just the sharp tip of a huge iceberg of rural discontent in
China's poverty-stricken hinterland.

Internal Communist Party documents say peaceful protests -- such things as
sit-ins at party offices and the sending of petitions to Beijing -- numbered
several million.

With at least 150 million million rural unemployed people - - and estimates run
as high as 200 million -- leaders in Beijing have concluded the greatest threat
to their grip on power may not be the now- crushed Falun Gong meditation
movement or pro-democracy dissidents.

Instead, they are turning worried eyes on China's seething 900 million-strong
rural peasantry.

The concern is pressing because rural China, with incomes lagging far behind the
industrial regions and the Gold Coast trading cities, is likely to be worst hit
when the country joins the World Trade Organization.

Provincial leaders have for months been warning Beijing that the dropping of
tariff barriers against cheap food imports will likely wreak havoc in many rural
areas.

After looking at last year's tally of unrest among farmers, Beijing is taking
serious notice.

So, last weekend, the Lunar New Year holiday, found Prime Minister Zhu Rongji
far from family feasts in the capital's Zhongnanhai leadership compound.

Instead, Zhu was stomping the backwoods trails of western Guizhou province, one
of the country's poorest, urging the peasantry not to lose faith in Beijing and
trying to convince them their lives would improve.

Zhu's tour was to highlight an infrastructure investment program called ''Remake
the West Campaign'' which he has pushed and promoted.

Full details have not been released, but Beijing is understood to be budgeting
the equivalent of hundreds of billions of dollars for scores of road, rail,
hydro-electric, water conservation and land improvement schemes in the coming
five or six years.

At the same time, Beijing plans to encourage industrial and business investment
by allowing the 11 western provinces to offer the same kind of tax-holiday
inducements available to the coastal regions for more than 20 years.

It is an interesting development that even in a repressive one-party state the
premier, backed volubly by President Jiang Zemin, finds it necessary to hit the
hustings and tell the West that Beijing really does care.

China's West has always been another world. Frustrated westerners still bitterly
use that age- old saying ''The mountains are high and the emperor is far away.''

Until the coming of the Communist government 50 years ago, this saying carried
some comfort. The West was untroubled by the tossing and turning of imperial
politics.

The last half century has brought, from China's effete heartland, armies of
eastern administrators who find the local dialects incomprehensible, the manners
coarse and the food worse.

That is just in provinces in which ethnic Han Chinese are the dominant
population. In other places there is a sharp racial divide between the rulers
and the ruled.

The majority population of Yunnan, in the far southwest, is a melange of
southeast Asian and Himalayan peoples. Most Yunnanese are closer to Bangkok in
spirit and geography than they are to Beijing.

Tibet is a story unto itself.

Xinjiang province, in the far northwest, is the home of Muslim Turkic peoples
and even official Beijing documents refer to it as a colony. Beijing is battling
a persistent separatist insurrection there.

Many western rural families have seen benefits from the shift to a market
economy which started in 1978. At that time, per capita incomes were reckoned to
be about 200 yuan ($40 Cdn) a year among rural westerners.

Now they are about 1,200 yuan ($140 Cdn), although much of the value of that
increase has been swallowed by inflation. That income is still only a third of
what a coastal region farmer expects to make.

The de-collectivization of agriculture threw at least 100 million people out of
work countrywide and the West has more than its fair share of these people.

In Sichuan, the political heart of the West and with about 120 million people
the country's most populous province, about five million people leave each year
for the coast looking for work.

Great efforts have been made, largely by local people, to start small- village
and township manufacturing enterprises once this was allowed.

Some are successful, but many have foundered through corruption, taxation or
inexperience.

With few exceptions the self-appointed managers of these enterprises are the
local party secretaries, who take first dip into whatever profits are made.

Jonathan Manthorpe can be reached at jmanthorpe@pacpress. southam.ca


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Brechin Advertiser

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

NFU Scotland to host Angus husting

LENGTH: 342  words


NFU Scotland is hosting a husting meeting in Angus next week, ahead of the
General Election in May.

The Union launched its General Election manifesto on March 25, detailing the key
issues the Union would like to see UK politicians acting on now to secure the
vibrancy of the Scottish farming industry for the future.

The husting meeting is due to take place at the Finavon Hotel, Forfar on
Tuesday, April 14. The event starts at 7 p.m. and is open to everyone with an
interest in agriculture who lives and works in the local area and will be an
opportunity to put questions to candidates from all the main political parties.

This is part of a series of meetings to be held across the country over the next
five weeks.

In particular, NFUS is calling upon the team of politicians who will be elected
on May 7 to support Scottish farmers by promoting Scotland's larder at home and
abroad, which will also be key over the next five years. The Union is also
calling upon UK politicians to consider a more co-ordinated approach to export
promotion and fairness in the supply chain.

The Union urges for the undertaking an urgent review of the UK Government's
decision on CAP convergence monies; as well as looking more closely at what tax
levers could be employed to incentivise best practice in land ownership and
business investment in Scotland.

Regional Manager for East Central Kate Maitland, commented: "The General
Election on May 7 is likely to be historic, with a number of new political
parties and ideas emerging on to the main stage.

"The event will be a valuable opportunity to put questions to the panel on many
of the key issues currently facing Scottish farmers - how we can promote
Scotland's fantastic produce at home and abroad, Scotland's future in the EU,
and indeed in the UK.

"Following the fantastic engagement of the rural community in last year's
referendum on independence, NFUS urges all members and those living and working
in rural Scotland to use this opportunity to quiz candidates on what their
vision is for the future of our sector."

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SABR


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Cameras with face recognition and vehicle number reading capacity to be
installed in Islamabad: IG Police

LENGTH: 567  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


slamabad Safe City Project is set to be launched this September in order to make
Islamabad a safe and secure city. The enhanced policing methods will make the
federal capital conducive to business and investment, Inspector Genral Police
(IGP) Tahir ALam Khan said. As per the plan, around 1890 security cameras with
face recognition and vehicle number reading capacity will be installed in the
city to help the Police nab suspected terrorists and criminals. After
installation of these cameras, many police check points will be removed and
check points will be kept only in red zone areas.

Tahir Alam, while addressing business community at Islamabad Chamber of Commerce
and Industry, said that a survey of urban areas has been with the help of NADRA
in the capital. It is going to be followed by a survey of rural areas whereby,
all citizens residing in villages adjoining the capital will database of all
citizens. This survey will help in controlling crimes and establishing peace. He
said

IG said that 99 field officers have been deployed in Islamabad to monitor
security situation while 113 others are keeping a close check over various
markets to improve security situation. He added that police force will be
increased for enhancing vigilance in markets. Tahir Alam said that Islamabad
Police had to constantly stay alert to provide security ty VIPs, diplomats and
other important dignitaries. He also remarked that the growing trend of protests
in Islamabad have increased challenges for Islamabad Police.

IG Tahir announced a Committee comprising representatives of Police and ICCI to
discuss and resolve problems of business community. He nominated Senior
Superintendent of Police (SSP).Jamil Hashmi and 15 other officers as committee
members: he also asked ICCI to nominate its members so that committee could
start functioning at the earliest. He said that the reconciliation committees
will be reshuffled and business community will be given proper representation in
them He further added that members who had been serving the committee for over
three years would be issued special cards so that they could not be stopped at
police check points and be given preferential treatment. Tahir Alam said that
except in cases involving terrorism, dacoities and thefts, ICCI and concerned
market union will be taken on-board before initiating action against any trader.
Lauding the performance of Islamabad Police, he drew attention to the phenomenal
decrease in crime across the federal capital. Compared to the same period last
year, murders, robberies, general thefts, burglaries, and automobile thefts
across the capital have decreased by a third from January to May 2015.

In his welcome address, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce President Muzzamil Hussain
Sabri highlighted various security related issues of business community; he said
security threats have increased for business centres including Centaurus and
police should ensure better security arrangements for markets. He said Citizen
Police Liaison Committee should be revived and reconciliation committees should
be reshuffled with proper representation of business community. This arrangement
will help in resolving 70 percent problems facing the trade and industry.

ICCI Group leader Abdul Rauf Alam stressed upon the importance of increased
allocation for modernising Islamabad Police and bringing it at par with
international standards.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Cameras with face recognition and vehicle number reading capacity to be
installed in Islamabad: IG Police

LENGTH: 567  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


slamabad Safe City Project is set to be launched this September in order to make
Islamabad a safe and secure city. The enhanced policing methods will make the
federal capital conducive to business and investment, Inspector Genral Police
(IGP) Tahir ALam Khan said. As per the plan, around 1890 security cameras with
face recognition and vehicle number reading capacity will be installed in the
city to help the Police nab suspected terrorists and criminals. After
installation of these cameras, many police check points will be removed and
check points will be kept only in red zone areas.

Tahir Alam, while addressing business community at Islamabad Chamber of Commerce
and Industry, said that a survey of urban areas has been with the help of NADRA
in the capital. It is going to be followed by a survey of rural areas whereby,
all citizens residing in villages adjoining the capital will database of all
citizens. This survey will help in controlling crimes and establishing peace. He
said

IG said that 99 field officers have been deployed in Islamabad to monitor
security situation while 113 others are keeping a close check over various
markets to improve security situation. He added that police force will be
increased for enhancing vigilance in markets. Tahir Alam said that Islamabad
Police had to constantly stay alert to provide security ty VIPs, diplomats and
other important dignitaries. He also remarked that the growing trend of protests
in Islamabad have increased challenges for Islamabad Police.

IG Tahir announced a Committee comprising representatives of Police and ICCI to
discuss and resolve problems of business community. He nominated Senior
Superintendent of Police (SSP).Jamil Hashmi and 15 other officers as committee
members: he also asked ICCI to nominate its members so that committee could
start functioning at the earliest. He said that the reconciliation committees
will be reshuffled and business community will be given proper representation in
them He further added that members who had been serving the committee for over
three years would be issued special cards so that they could not be stopped at
police check points and be given preferential treatment. Tahir Alam said that
except in cases involving terrorism, dacoities and thefts, ICCI and concerned
market union will be taken on-board before initiating action against any trader.
Lauding the performance of Islamabad Police, he drew attention to the phenomenal
decrease in crime across the federal capital. Compared to the same period last
year, murders, robberies, general thefts, burglaries, and automobile thefts
across the capital have decreased by a third from January to May 2015.

In his welcome address, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce President Muzzamil Hussain
Sabri highlighted various security related issues of business community; he said
security threats have increased for business centres including Centaurus and
police should ensure better security arrangements for markets. He said Citizen
Police Liaison Committee should be revived and reconciliation committees should
be reshuffled with proper representation of business community. This arrangement
will help in resolving 70 percent problems facing the trade and industry.

ICCI Group leader Abdul Rauf Alam stressed upon the importance of increased
allocation for modernising Islamabad Police and bringing it at par with
international standards.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Cameras with face recognition and vehicle number reading capacity to be
installed in Islamabad: IG Police

LENGTH: 567  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


slamabad Safe City Project is set to be launched this September in order to make
Islamabad a safe and secure city. The enhanced policing methods will make the
federal capital conducive to business and investment, Inspector Genral Police
(IGP) Tahir ALam Khan said. As per the plan, around 1890 security cameras with
face recognition and vehicle number reading capacity will be installed in the
city to help the Police nab suspected terrorists and criminals. After
installation of these cameras, many police check points will be removed and
check points will be kept only in red zone areas.

Tahir Alam, while addressing business community at Islamabad Chamber of Commerce
and Industry, said that a survey of urban areas has been with the help of NADRA
in the capital. It is going to be followed by a survey of rural areas whereby,
all citizens residing in villages adjoining the capital will database of all
citizens. This survey will help in controlling crimes and establishing peace. He
said

IG said that 99 field officers have been deployed in Islamabad to monitor
security situation while 113 others are keeping a close check over various
markets to improve security situation. He added that police force will be
increased for enhancing vigilance in markets. Tahir Alam said that Islamabad
Police had to constantly stay alert to provide security ty VIPs, diplomats and
other important dignitaries. He also remarked that the growing trend of protests
in Islamabad have increased challenges for Islamabad Police.

IG Tahir announced a Committee comprising representatives of Police and ICCI to
discuss and resolve problems of business community. He nominated Senior
Superintendent of Police (SSP).Jamil Hashmi and 15 other officers as committee
members: he also asked ICCI to nominate its members so that committee could
start functioning at the earliest. He said that the reconciliation committees
will be reshuffled and business community will be given proper representation in
them He further added that members who had been serving the committee for over
three years would be issued special cards so that they could not be stopped at
police check points and be given preferential treatment. Tahir Alam said that
except in cases involving terrorism, dacoities and thefts, ICCI and concerned
market union will be taken on-board before initiating action against any trader.
Lauding the performance of Islamabad Police, he drew attention to the phenomenal
decrease in crime across the federal capital. Compared to the same period last
year, murders, robberies, general thefts, burglaries, and automobile thefts
across the capital have decreased by a third from January to May 2015.

In his welcome address, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce President Muzzamil Hussain
Sabri highlighted various security related issues of business community; he said
security threats have increased for business centres including Centaurus and
police should ensure better security arrangements for markets. He said Citizen
Police Liaison Committee should be revived and reconciliation committees should
be reshuffled with proper representation of business community. This arrangement
will help in resolving 70 percent problems facing the trade and industry.

ICCI Group leader Abdul Rauf Alam stressed upon the importance of increased
allocation for modernising Islamabad Police and bringing it at par with
international standards.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             July 30, 2002 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Global woes a burden on trade

BYLINE: Morgan Mellish

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 409 words


A sharp drop in rural exports combined with a jump in imports has produced
Australia's biggest trade deficit in nearly two years, highlighting the strength
of the domestic economy.

The larger-than-expected trade blowout comes as the economy is expanding at an
annual rate of about 4 per cent the fastest in the developed world.

Australian Bureau of Statistics figures issued yesterday show imports rose by
1.8 per cent in June, while exports fell 2.1 per cent.

However, there was little sign of the long-awaited pick-up in overall business
investment, with nearly all of the rise in capital imports the result of
aircraft purchases by Qantas and the Federal Government, which is upgrading its
VIP fleet.

Trade Minister Mark Vaile said the deficit reflected that Australia's growth was
taking place during a period of weakness in the global economy.

"This has meant that some of our export markets have slowed and commodity prices
have softened, while at the same time imports continue to strengthen," he said.

The trade deficit widened to $1.09 billion in June the highest level since
August 2000 up from $597 million in May. It is the eighth consecutive monthly
trade deficit since November when the world slowdown brought Australia's long
run of trade surpluses to an end.

Economists expect Australia to continue to post trade deficits for the rest of
the year as businesses import equipment while exports struggle due to the
drought and the global slowdown.

This trade performance is expected to reduce economic growth into next year,
adding to expectations that the economy might have peaked.

"The softness in exports will make it difficult, if not impossible, for GDP
growth to maintain a 4 per cent pace into the middle of 2003," said TD
Securities economist Stephen Koukoulas.

Exports for the month totalled $12.3 billion, with the drop due mainly to weaker
sales of canola, cotton, wool and cereals after a rise in the $A.

Most observers believe the drought will flow through to lower sales of meat,
wool and cereals later in the year, with income in the agricultural sector
expected to drop by more than 40 per cent this year.

"The [trade] figures are extremely bad news because the full impact of the
drought is not yet known," Labor's primary industries and resources spokesman,
Kerry O'Brien, said yesterday.

Imports for the month totalled $13.4 billion, with much of the rise due to a 5
per cent lift in capital goods used by business.

Blowout hits $A, page 18

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: BLOWOUT, Balance on goods and services, Source: ABS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2002 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             March 8, 2005, Tuesday

PROJECTS ACROSS ULSTER CELEBRATE EUROPEAN CASH

BYLINE: BY JOHN EDENS

SECTION: Ulster Edition; NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 259 words


PEACE and reconciliation projects throughout Northern Ireland and the border
counties were celebrated yesterday.

The Peace II showcase at Belfast City Hall honoured schemes on both sides of the
border and announced additional funding endorsements from the EU.

A women's centre in Belfast, the Limavadybased Hands That Talk project for the
deaf and the Mount Pleasant Equestrian Centre in Castlewellan were among those
featured.

Belfast Lord Mayor Tom Ekin said the event was meaningful in terms of local
changes and business investments.

"We are still in a state of transition. This programme is in the business of
turning fine ideas and fine aspirations into projects that bring real solutions
to people in need," he said.

The Peace II initiative is part of the Special EU Programmes Body (SEUPB) and
oversees more than 5,000 projects. Themes included economic development, arts
and culture, rural development and tourism.

Its function is to manage EU funds and support programmes that help Northern
Ireland become a stable and prosperous society.

Pat Colgan, chief executive of SEUPB, said: "The programme is a great
opportunity for people to witness the tangible benefits that the funding has
brought to all communities in Northern Ireland and the border counties.

"I would encourage more groups and individuals from all communities to get
involved in the Peace II programme."

The event also marked the beginning of Community Relations Week, and allowed
people to see how the various schemes impact on communities.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2005 Century Newspapers Limited


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2010 New York University Environmental Law
                                    Journal
                 New York University Environmental Law Journal

                                      2010

                 New York University Environmental Law Journal

                            18 N.Y.U. Envtl. L.J. 36

LENGTH: 7198 words

THE NEW REGULATORY CLIMATE: GREENHOUSE GAS REGULATION IN THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION: SYMPOSIUM ARTICLE: CAPPING CARBON WITHOUT REINVENTING THE WHEEL
n1

NAME: Nora Mead Brownell* and Kristine M. Schmidt**

BIO: * Nora Mead Brownell was Commissioner on the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission from 2001-06. Ms. Brownell also served as a member of the
Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, as Senior Vice President for Meridian
Bancorp, Inc.'s Corporate Affairs Unit, and as Deputy Executive Assistant to
Pennsylvania Governor Richard Thornburgh. Ms. Brownell was the President of the
National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners. Ms. Brownell is also
one of the Founding Partners of ESPY Energy Solutions, LLC, a women-owned energy
consulting business. More about Ms. Brownell can be found at
www.espyenergysolutions.com.

** As one of the two founding partners of ESPY Energy Solutions, LLC, Ms.
Schmidt has over twenty-five years of electric industry experience. Ms. Schmidt
worked for Xcel Energy from 2006-09 and was an Advisor to FERC Commissioner Nora
Mead Brownell. Ms. Schmidt has also worked at Northern States Power Company and
Wisconsin Power & Light (now known as Alliant Energy). More about Ms. Schmidt
can be found at www.espyenergysolutions.com.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... These capital investments cannot be financed solely through existing
utility operations; new investors and new sources of capital are necessary.  ...
Interestingly, GHG regulation may add costs to energy consumers in exchange for
environmental savings, while at the same time laying the groundwork for new jobs
and economic expansion by creating opportunities in new energy technologies.
... In recent decades, the industry has grown to include electricity
function-specific utilities, such as generation-only and transmission-only
companies.  ... Unfortunately, regulators have often fallen short on compliance
and enforcement, as witnessed by the energy market manipulation in California
and more recently in the financial manipulations involving the banking sector.
... When approaching future carbon markets, not only does FERC need to engage in
scenario strategizing and market rule analysis, but so should sister agencies
like the Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC), and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  ...
The beauty of commodities markets is that the traders do not need to have
expertise with the product; rather, they merely have to have expertise with
futures and trading markets.

TEXT:
 [*36]

   Introduction

 Before projecting too far into the future, we begin with a little quiz to test
the accuracy of predictions. Who said, "The telephone has too many shortcomings
to be seriously considered as a means of communication"? A Western Union
spokesperson, in the late 1800s. n2 Who said, "Everything that can be invented
has been invented"? Commissioner Charles H. Duell, of the United States Office
of Patents, in 1899. n3 Who said, "I think that there may be a world market for
possibly five computers"? Thomas J. Watson,  [*37]  Sr. of IBM. n4 And who said,
"640k [bytes] ought to be enough for anybody"? Microsoft CEO Bill Gates, in
1981. n5

   Similarly, whatever we predict today is most likely going to be wrong when
viewed decades later, in retrospect. But before we cast aside new predictions,
let us not forget that past forecasts paved the way for innovation and
alternative solutions. While the visionary statements of Gates, Duell, Watson,
and many others may by today's standards seem quaint, these figures also knew
that "the best way to predict the future is to invent it." n6 And just as
computer technologies have rapidly grown obsolete in recent years, our current
means of producing and regulating energy will likely appear outmoded in the
relatively near future.

   As we end the first decade of the new millennium, our nation faces
fundamental changes in how and where energy is produced, the methods of
transporting and distributing energy, and how energy companies and consumers
communicate. These changes depend upon new technologies, such as smart meters,
n7 as well as technological advancements in renewable energy sources like
large-scale wind turbines, rooftop solar panels, and non-conventional
distributed generation. n8 Due to the recent growth in  [*38]  environmentally
friendly technologies, the hope of reducing our reliance upon carbon-intensive
energy sources is becoming real. Achieving this goal, however, requires not only
technological but regulatory change.

   This article considers the extraordinary challenges facing energy producers
and regulators in the anticipated carbon-constrained economy. Before addressing
the factors governing the regulation of electricity producers' greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions, we first discuss the current state of the domestic electric
industry in the context of the changing United States and world economies. We
then summarize the proposed reforms in the climate bill that passed the House of
Representatives last June, which has the potential to drastically reshape
worldwide energy production and regulation. Finally, we close by applying the
lessons learned during the Enron energy crisis of the late 1990s to the current
debate over carbon regulation.

   I. The Challenges Facing the U.S. Electricity Industry

 The U.S. electric utility industry is facing one of the most significant
technological and investment eras in history, as the bulk of its infrastructure
must be replaced, maintained, and improved. n9 Energy efficiency and demand
response will play critical roles in meeting our growing energy demand, but even
taking those opportunities into account, the Edison Electric Institute (EEI)
predicts that 150,000 megawatts of new and replacement power plant capacity will
be needed by 2030. n10 These new power plants  [*39]  alone are projected to
require $ 560 billion of capital investment. n11 Transmission and distribution,
the pathways to deliver electricity, are also projected to require $ 900 billion
in investment by 2030. n12

   While roughly $ 1.5 trillion of new capital investment is needed by 2030, the
2008 total operating expenses of EEI's shareholder-owned electric utilities were
barely a quarter of the needed investment - $ 362 billion. n13 These capital
investments cannot be financed solely through existing utility operations; new
investors and new sources of capital are necessary. Investors' expectations are
familiar regardless of their investment. First, investors expect returns that
are market competitive; otherwise, they will put their capital in assets with
higher probabilities of earning steady returns. Second, investors expect
risk-adjusted returns. Even though utility assets have long, useful lives and
are considered less risky due to high levels of regulatory oversight, the rapid
deployment of new technologies creates potential performance risk, which
investors will want to mitigate through a risk-adjusted return. Third, similar
to performance risk, investors will want a certain degree of regulatory
certainty, e.g., some assurance that state and federal regulatory and
legislative policies will allow recovery of investments. This paper deals
largely with this third source of risk, in the context of current debates over
greenhouse gas regulation.

   The current Presidential administration and the Democrat-controlled Congress
are attempting to advance sweeping environmental reforms in the midst of dire
economic times. As the debate is often framed, on one end of the spectrum is
carbon reduction and on the other end is economic recovery. Interestingly, GHG
regulation may add costs to energy consumers in exchange for environmental
savings, while at the same time laying the groundwork for new jobs and economic
expansion by creating opportunities in new energy technologies. n14 Can  [*40]
escalating energy prices along with a larger government deficit save the
climate? Or will new environmental policies spur innovation and grow the broader
economy? While these broader economic debates are beyond the scope of this
paper, analysts on both sides agree that if the market-measuring metrics and the
market design are not constructed correctly, both economic and environmental
advances will be thwarted.

   Moreover, despite differing perspectives on the mechanics of environmental
and economic regulation, most people would agree that the environment is worth
protecting and the U.S. economy is worth expanding. Fundamentally, success on
both fronts requires innovation, transparency, new business models, and
competitive pressures. In the following sections, this paper will discuss how
the U.S. utility industry functions, how industry and regulators may be impacted
by carbon-reducing programs, and how to avoid historical mistakes when designing
and implementing carbon-reducing efforts.

   II. The History of the U.S. Utility Industry

 The economic structure of the utility industry is outdated. We would not be
surprised to see the organizational charts on many transmission information
websites n15 mirror those posted in utility company offices shortly after
California Electric Light Company, Inc. created the first public electric
utility in 1879. n16 Ironically, only the department names would have changed,
from "billing and metering" to the friendlier "customer care." Today, 3,273
vertically-integrated n17 utilities provide electric service - 210 are
shareholder-owned, 2,009 are publicly owned (e.g., municipal utilities), 883 are
consumer-owned rural cooperatives, and 9 are  [*41]  federal power utilities.
n18 Even though the segment of shareholder-owned utilities is small at 210, they
provide roughly 71 percent of all electricity to retail consumers in the U.S.
n19

   In recent decades, the industry has grown to include electricity
function-specific utilities, such as generation-only and transmission-only
companies. The 1978 Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act (PURPA) n20
established, among other requirements, the process to allow non-utility
generation power plants to provide power that electric utilities must purchase.
n21 As a result, 1,738 non-utility power producers include PURPA qualifying
facilities (QF), combined heat and power plants (CHP), and independent power
producers (IPP). n22 Similarly, the National Energy Policy Act of 1992 n23
provided the predicate for the Federal Energy Regulation Commission (FERC) n24
to mandate open-access to the electric transmission grid through their Orders
No. 888 n25 and  [*42]  889. n26 When FERC issued these orders, it required the
functional separation of generation and transmission, and mandated that
non-affiliated generation should be treated comparably to the transmission
provider's affiliated generation. With generation-only companies increasing in
number and size, many expected transmission-only companies to follow suit. That
has not been the case, yet FERC continues to herald the benefits of
transmission-only companies as having a "superior record of adding
infrastructure" and the Commission has provided increased financial incentives
for transmission-only companies. n27

   Electric utilities are now mostly organized around their core value chain:
generation division, transmission division, distribution division, and corporate
functions. Consequently, capital investments are typically made and rationed
across the value chain function. As a utility evaluates financial options to
maintain and expand in their system, they look across the entire value chain and
ration their investments among the parts. Therefore, each division is constantly
competing with its affiliate division for capital. Generation-only and
transmission-only utilities dedicate their capital to their sole respective
functions. As the nation faces the need for more generation and more
transmission, electric utilities do not have the financial capacity to absorb
all the necessary investments, n28 so they will pick and choose where they
expect to get the greatest return on their investment - generation,
transmission, distribution, or new technologies. Monetary capital and human
capital are both constraints, especially given the aging workforce and the
highly-specialized technical skill requirements for human capital. n29

    [*43]  As financial support, labor pools, and natural resources become
scarcer, utilities will need to work more closely together and leverage
resources. This may come through increased partnerships and collaborations, or
we may be on the brink of another merger-and-acquisition era. Back in the 1980s,
many predicted the U.S. would have roughly fifty utilities - one for each state.
n30 Spurring those predictions was the 1992 National Energy Policy Act, n31
which advanced policies to open up the wholesale energy markets and provide
equal access to the transmission grid. Thus, many believed that functional
unbundling n32 would lead to corporate unbundling - e.g., utilities would divest
their transmission assets. Transmission was viewed as the last of the large
natural monopolies that could not be placed under a competitive model, due to
the fact that transmission by its very nature has very little in the way of
substitutes and due to the gross inefficiencies and unsupportable costs of
having duplicate facilities. Because of this, utilities were expected to dispose
of transmission so they could focus on the more competitive sides of their
business: generation and retail choice. That did not happen, and even with the
passage of the 2005 repeal of the Public Utility Holding Company Act's
restrictions on mergers and acquisitions, very few mergers have taken place in
the last decade and mass consolidation never materialized. n33 A small number of
transmission-only companies do exist, and they are proving one expectation true,
focusing exclusively on the building of new  [*44]  transmission capacity. n34

   III. The Current State of the U.S. Electricity Industry

 Financial pressures on the electricity sector are enormous. Utility executives
must balance new grid infrastructure, new renewable energy mandates, new
low-carbon base load generation, renovation of distribution facilities, and more
regulatory mandates from the latest energy bill. Finding financial capital to
fund these obligations alone is breathtaking. The operational impact is also
glaciating, as utilities will become nearly paralyzed deciding where to invest.
Finally, the price tag for consumers is staggering.

   Revamping the electricity infrastructure is critical to maintaining
reliability and powering the U.S. economy, especially as much of the existing
base load generation is significantly aged. n35 Also, transmission
infrastructure expansion has not kept pace with the growth of new generation and
demand, n36 and technological advances as well as state and federal policies
driving the adoption of smart grid technologies are placing pressure on
utilities to invest in transmission systems.

   With all the pressures to invest in electricity infrastructure, utilities
faced one of their most challenging years in 2009 because of the marked decrease
in electricity demand. n37 This is due in part to the economic recession
curtailing power usage, as consumers are conserving energy to tighten the reins
on their spending. Another driver of decreased demand is weather, and the last
winter was mild n38 with high summer temperatures late to develop. n39

    [*45]  The investor-owned utility sector has a market capitalization of
roughly $ 362 billion and the largest utility's n40 market cap is $ 36.6
billion. n41 As the utilities are structured today, few have the strength to
absorb these looming obligations operationally or financially, forcing
structural changes. Collaborations among and between utilities will be necessary
to ensure that the U.S. has reliable, adequate, and robust power supplies, while
asset disposition, new cost recovery mechanisms, or a fundamental shift in
operations may help companies cover the costs of reform.

   IV. The Impacts of Climate Legislation on U.S. Electricity Generation:
Learning from Our Regulatory Mistakes

 One of the biggest changes to the domestic electricity sector, meanwhile, may
be spurred by mandatory reductions in power plants' GHG emissions. On July 26,
2009, the U.S. House of Representatives passed the American Clean Energy and
Security Act (ACES), which proposes to place a binding and declining cap on U.S.
GHG emissions - specifically, requiring that carbon emissions from covered
sources not exceed 97 percent of the quantity of 2005 U.S. GHG in 2012; 83
percent of 2005 levels in 2020; 58 percent of 2005 levels in 2030; and 17
percent of 2005 levels in 2050. n42 The sources covered by this cap would
include the electric power generation sector. n43

   Beyond this broad-reaching carbon cap, several other provisions of ACES stand
to affect the U.S. power sector, including:

   1. Provisions related to a federal renewable electricity and efficiency
standard, carbon capture and storage technology, performance standards for new
coal-fueled power plants, research and development support for electric
vehicles, and support for deployment of smart grid advancement;

   2. Provisions related to building, lighting, appliance, and  [*46]  vehicle
efficiency programs; and

   3. Provisions to preserve domestic competitiveness and support workers,
provide assistance to consumers, and provide support for domestic and
international adaptation initiatives.

   The bill proposes to create a national renewable energy and energy efficiency
standard, a GHG cap-and-trade program, and various programs that promote "green"
jobs and a clean energy economy. Given the very slim margin of passage in the
House (219-212) and the broad scope of the bill, n44 however, it may face
significant changes by the time it gets through the Senate. n45

   Beyond the difficulties of merely enacting climate legislation, success of
the GHG trading program will depend largely on whether regulators can
transparently and fairly oversee the new carbon markets, allocate permits
justly, and make good use of the auction revenues. These are certainly important
goals, but history suggests that they may be too high a hurdle for Congress to
clear on its own. The best that can be hoped for is that Congress will provide
enough vision to allow the regulators to work out the details and ensure that
stakeholders can aid the design of a market-driven GHG cap-and-trade program. If
Congress etches the details of its GHG cap-and-trade policies in stone, the
results are likely to be wrong, inflexible, and not transparent. In addition to
flexibility in working out the program details, Congress must also give
regulatory bodies the personnel and resources needed to oversee compliance and
manage enforcement.

   Unfortunately, regulators have often fallen short on compliance and
enforcement, as witnessed by the energy market manipulation in California n46
and more recently in the financial  [*47]  manipulations involving the banking
sector. In fact, one very significant problem with market-driven programs is the
lack of effective regulation. Back in 2001, the FERC monitoring methods were
academic, and staff did not have expertise in current trading mechanics. They
were therefore not able to sufficiently assess or mitigate manipulative behavior
until it had already occurred. n47 Regulators often lack the appropriate tools,
skills, and abilities to monitor and enforce the markets. After the 2001
California meltdown, FERC created a market monitoring and enforcement office,
n48 which had scant authority to impose civil penalties. Prior to the passage of
the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ("EPAct 2005"), FERC's civil penalty authority was
limited in scope (i.e., civil penalties only applied to Federal Power Act
sections 211, 212, 213, and 214 n49) and penalties were capped at $ 10,000 per
violation per day. n50 EPAct 2005 expanded the scope to include violations to
all of Part II n51 of the Federal Power Act and increased the civil penalty cap
to $ 1 million per violation per day. n52 Since FERC has been given this
expanded penalty authority, FERC has assessed $ 84.8 million in penalties. n53
The impacts of this increased civil  [*48]  penalty authority on the
effectiveness of the regulatory oversight are unclear as no study has been
performed to quantify them, but the legislative reforms do send a clear signal
regarding the importance of enforcing and monitoring these markets.

   However well-intentioned they are, regulators rarely have an acute
understanding of the markets and the economic impact of transactional decisions.
Much of the failure is due to lack of resources - both in terms of human
resources and skills. Unfortunately, federal government pay scales do not often
attract the best and brightest of bankers or traders. n54 Some effort was made
to recruit Wall Street bankers and traders to FERC following the Enron scandal.
n55 In reality, FERC needed to sequester a gaggle of Wall Street bankers and
traders with its newly proposed rules and ask them one simple question: "The way
the rules are drafted, how would you tamper with or manipulate them?" When
approaching future carbon markets, not only does FERC need to engage in scenario
strategizing and market rule analysis, but so should sister agencies like the
Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC), and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).

   ACES proposes to give FERC responsibility for regulating the GHG
cap-and-trade cash market in allowances and offsets and to give the CFTC the
responsibility for regulating possible derivatives markets. n56 Given the high
unemployment rate,  [*49]  especially in the banking and financial sectors,
hiring former traders and bankers should be a priority for the federal
government. n57 Bringing financial talent to the Department of Energy (DOE),
FERC, CFTC, SEC, or EPA is paramount if markets are to be sufficiently
monitored, as market monitors should have experience in the markets they are
overseeing. The beauty of commodities markets is that the traders do not need to
have expertise with the product; rather, they merely have to have expertise with
futures and trading markets. If the market is transparent, if the monitors have
sufficient technological and financial resources, and if the market's
measurement metrics are well-designed, then the market monitors' ability to
assure compliance with the program and confidence in the market will follow.

   Some may argue it counterfactual, yet we believe that without the infamous
Enron memo, the manipulative trading schemes in the late 1990s would not have
been discovered or understood. n58 When investigating potential market
violations, terabytes of data are collected and in the end, and without someone
explaining when and how manipulation might be occurring, regulators will rarely
be able to determine wrong-doing. The time and analysis spent culling data may
reveal market trends, but this data processing does not necessarily identify a
particular transaction or set of transactions that violated market rules. In
fact, FERC civil penalties have typically been assessed in matters that either
resulted from a company's mandated self-report of a violation or an anonymous
enforcement hotline call. n59

   We should also remember that regulators move slower than  [*50]  markets do.
Critical timing of decisions, investigations, and policy-setting requires
agility and flexibility, two adjectives that rarely modify the term "federal
government." If a bill passes in 2010, at least two years of proposed
rulemakings, comments, and final orders will elapse to satisfy due process
concerns and supposedly get the rules of the road right. Then another year or
two typically slides by before industry has assimilated the policy into its
operations; if judicial review of the regulatory decisions is sought, several
more years may pass. Regardless of which agency oversees the GHG cap-and-trade
program, observable compliance impacts will likely not be seen until 2013 or
2014 at the earliest. The good news is that time is on the side of regulatory
innovation and change.

   The time gap between bill passage and mandatory compliance could be very
productive for industry and regulators alike. For instance, regulators can vet
program details, enforcement processes, and compliance and reporting
requirements. FERC and other federal regulatory agencies will take this time to
issue proposed rules, policy statements, and often advanced notices of
regulatory requirements. Additionally, they will need to hold technical
conferences to allow stakeholders to discuss what is possible and what barriers
exist to a smooth transition to the new carbon-constrained era. Critical to the
success of a carbon reduction program is ensuring that the rules are right,
which means that a rush to put something in place will most likely result in an
early failure. Whatever final bill gets passed, Congress should ensure the
planning and design stage has at least eight to twelve months available to allow
for an open, transparent, and participative process.

   Additionally, sharing and coordinating information will be critical, not just
among federal regulatory bodies, but also between various levels of government
agencies. Cooperation between federal and state regulators is especially
important because electricity and energy present both intrastate and interstate
concerns. Moreover, with an issue like climate change, which implicates so many
diverse regulatory bodies, sharing and coordination in the federal government
must span the USDA, FERC, DOE, and CFTC, EPA and other agencies.

   From our experience, one significant lesson learned from the 2001 California
crisis is the danger of a silo-mentality between the CFTC and FERC. The CFTC is
charged with regulating  [*51]  commodity futures and option markets in the
U.S., including energy markets. Meanwhile, FERC is charged with regulating the
wholesale electricity and bulk power transmission system. The jurisdictional
boundaries between the two agencies became blurred when both were aggressively
investigating allegations of broad-scale market manipulation. As FERC staff met
with CFTC staff, discussions were clearly hamstrung by the perspective that
physical trading and financial trading were independent, and consequently the
two agencies were often reluctant to coordinate investigations or findings.
After a few too many heated discussions, the Commissioners of the two agencies
met and discussed options. Cooler minds prevailed and the two agencies signed a
Memorandum of Understanding on how the agencies would conduct themselves in
matters that affected both agencies. n60

   In a perfect world, a self-regulating market would suffice. All market
participants would have the appropriate incentives to comply with
internally-enforced restrictions, to call attention to inadvertent and nefarious
violations, and to correct the violations, while peer-groups would assign
penalties and sanctions. But when it comes to competitive markets we do not live
in a perfect world - as demonstrated by the likes of Enron, Bernie Madoff, Tom
Petters, and others. In this world of market manipulation and regulatory turf
battles, Congress must give clear jurisdictional authority to a lead agency
tasked with overseeing compliance and enforcement. Congress must then ensure
that the agency is funded and equipped to perform its oversight and enforcement
functions. Absent clarity, inter-agency battles will undermine oversight and
enforcement.

   The primary federal agencies that must collaborate in the GHG cap-and-trade
program are the FERC, CFTC, EPA, SEC, and DOE. While some clarity exists in the
House-passed ACES, the final bill must provide very clear directions as to who
is going to do what, and how they are going to work together. Moreover, while
ACES prohibits regions and states from enforcing separate GHG cap-and-trade
programs for the first five years of the federal  [*52]  program's
implementation, n61 Congress must take care not to throw out the baby with the
bathwater. For instance, ten Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic states launched the
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI) carbon-trading system over five years
ago, and they held RGGI's first carbon-dioxide allowance auction in September
2008. n62 While ACES will allow the holders of state and regional cap-and-trade
allowances to trade them in for federal allowances, RGGI has already devoted
considerable time and effort to working through difficult issues of market
design, oversight, and compliance. As the climate debate moves forward, Congress
must ask whether it really makes sense to preempt a fully functioning program,
as opposed to requiring RGGI to comply with federal requirements within a set
time-frame. Instead, to the extent that a single market design for the country
is necessary (and we would agree that a national design could reduce trading
problems between regional markets n63), Congress could create a transition
period for state and regional programs to come into full compliance and
consistency with the national program.

   V. Additional Considerations

 The importance of cooperation and collaboration arises not just within the U.S.
but also on an international basis. The U.S. must forgo an isolationist strategy
when addressing carbon regulation and climate change. Given the history of
domestic opposition to the Kyoto Protocol, n64 we must strive to re-engage on
[*53]  a successor treaty and ensure that it does not contain gaps or loopholes.
If we make the rules over-or under-stringent, the market mechanisms will not
send the appropriate economic signals and the climate change program will fail.

   Additionally, the U.S. GHG cap-and-trade program needs to provide enough
flexibility in design and timing so that regulators can focus only on oversight
and enforcement while competitive forces and market design principles drive the
program's development. The bottom line is that regulators can create barriers to
entry. History - and specifically Western energy crises - has shown that
over-regulation can create costs and market distortions. n65 To avoid this, some
analysis of how much regulation is needed must be evaluated. If the market
design includes diverse market players and stakeholders, the likelihood of
manipulation declines precipitously.

   When designing the GHG cap-and-trade program, one key issue is the allocation
of permits - typically through an auction or an assignment system. This is
sometimes viewed as an either-or proposition; however, a hybrid allocation often
makes the most sense. n66 A hybrid program would ensure early-adopters of
carbon-reducing efforts get some amount of permits/credits, while some number of
permits/credits is auctioned to any entity with the financial credit-worthiness
to participate in the auction. A properly designed allocation scheme could
pacify the opponents (regulated industries) and the proponents
(environmentalists) of carbon constraints, because they can all receive some
value from the allocations.

   A final critical aspect of market design will be ensuring that the GHG
cap-and-trade program is open, transparent, and indicative. To be open is to
assure liquidity and viability. To be transparent is to instill trust for market
participants, the public, and the international community. To be indicative is
to send appropriate market signals that will spur innovation and responsive
investment. The final bill Congress passes must have appropriate targets,
program design foundation descriptions, and clear  [*54]  jurisdictional roles.
However, Congress should not prescribe how the programs function. Rather,
Congress should give the appropriate agency the directive, the funds, and the
time to develop, implement, oversee, and enforce the programs.

   Conclusion

 Winston Churchill said, "You can always count on Americans to do the right
thing - after they've tried everything else." n67 But given the pressing nature
of the problem and the enormous scale of the solution, climate change is one
area where Congress does not have the luxury of learning from its mistakes. We
need to get carbon regulation right, and we need to get it right now.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawElectric Power IndustryState RegulationGeneral
OverviewEnergy & Utilities LawTransportation & PipelinesElectricity
TransmissionEnergy & Utilities LawTransportation & PipelinesEnergy Policy Act

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  The opinions expressed in this article are the sole expressions of the
authors and are not attributable to any of the organizations with which the
authors are affiliated or to any of ESPY Energy Solutions, LLC's clients. The
authors would like to thank Lydia Gray for her research assistance and Jonathan
Kalmuss-Katz and Kristina Miles for their critical thoughts as this article
developed. This article is based on a speech Ms. Brownell gave at the NYU School
of Law symposium hosted by NYU's Environmental Law Journal and Environmental Law
Society on March 13, 2009.





n2.  Charlotte Gray, Reluctant Genius: Alexander Graham Bell and the Passion for
Invention 129 (2006).





n3.  Robert L. Hilliard & Michael C. Keith, The Broadcast Century and Beyond: A
Biography of American Broadcasting 340 (4th ed. 2005).





n4.  Movers and Shakers: The 100 Most Influential Figures In Modern Business 340
(Perseus Publishing Staff, eds., Basic Books 2003).





n5.  The Yale Book of Quotations 301 (Fred R. Shapiro ed., 2006).





n6.  See Smalltalk.org, Alan Kay, http://www.smalltalk.org/alankay.html (last
visited Dec. 1, 2009). The full quote from Alan Kay, the inventor of Smalltalk,
which was the inspiration and technical basis for the Macintosh and subsequent
Windows based systems (NextStep, Microsoft Windows 3.1/95/98/NT, X-Windows, and
Motif), was, "Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do... The best way
to predict the future is to invent it. Really smart people with reasonable
funding can do just about anything that doesn't violate too many of Newton's
Laws!" Id.





n7. " Smart meters" are meters that have two-way communication capabilities that
relay data on electricity consumption, outages, and real-time pricing of
electricity. These types of meters are more expensive than traditional meters,
which only record consumption. Two-way communication capabilities give the
consumer energy and pricing information which they would not otherwise have,
empowering them to make more informed choices about when and at what price they
consume electricity. For more information on smart meters, see Smart Meter - How
the System Works, http://www.pge.com/myhome/customerservice/
meter/smartmeter/howsystemworks/ (last visited Nov. 8, 2009).





n8. " Non-conventional distributed generation" can take a variety of forms:
rooftop solar panels, fuel cells, and even plug-in electric vehicles. The basic
concept of distributed generation is that a small-scale electricity power
producing unit can be attached to a home or business, and the resulting
electricity can either be used on-site or sold back to the local electric
utility. See Cong. Budget Office, Prospects for Distributed Electricity
Generation 19 (2003), available at
http://www.cbo.gov/ftpdocs/45xx/doc4552/09-16-Electricity.pdf (describing
potential environmental benefits of distributed generation).





n9.  Promoting Transmission Investment Through Pricing Reform, 71 Fed. Reg.
43294, 43296 (July 31, 2006) (describing the "need for new transmission
investment" and the "enlargement, improvement, [and] maintenance ... of all
facilities for the transmissions of electric energy" in the face of declining
real-dollar investment).





n10.  Edison Elec. Inst., Working Paper on S. 2191: "Lieberman-Warner Climate
Security Act of 2007" 1-2 (May 15, 2008) (unpublished), available at
http://members.skippingstonellc.com/resource/collection/7D5AE1A
D-3704-41BC-AEDD-BE6651C3AF08/Lieberman-Warner_Act_Overview.pdf. Edison Electric
Institute ("EEI") is the Washington, D.C.-based association of shareholder-owned
electric companies, whose members represent approximately 70 percent of the U.S.
electric power industry. See EEI, About EEI,
http://www.eei.org/whoweare/abouteei/Pages/default.aspx (last visited Nov. 8,
2009).





n11.  Edison Elec. Inst., Working Paper on S. 2191, supra note 10, at 2.





n12.  Id.





n13.  Edison Elec. Inst., 2008 Financial Review 7 (2009). The EEI Financial
Review is "a comprehensive source for critical financial data covering 59
shareholder-owned electric companies whose stock is publicly traded on major
U.S. stock exchanges." Id. at i.





n14.  Compare Editorial, The Cap and Tax Fiction, Wall St. J., June 29, 2009, at
A12 (criticizing the Congressional Budget Office for focusing solely on "the
day-to-day costs of operating [the House climate bill's] trading program, rather
than the wider consequences energy restriction would have on the economy") with
Pew Charitable Trusts, The Clean Energy Economy: Repowering Jobs, Businesses and
Investments Across America (2009) (describing potential economic benefits from
carbon cap-and-trade program).





n15.  Public utilities with FERC-approved open-access transmission tariffs must
post a variety of information on their websites, which often includes
organizational charts. See 18 C.F.R. § 37.6 (2009) (requiring public utilities
to create or participate in an Open Access Same-time Information System, or
OASIS, that provides customers with information about available transmission
capacity, prices, and other business subjects).





n16.  Energy Info. Admin. (EIA), State Electricity Profiles 29 (1999), available
at http://tonto.eia.doe.gov/FTPROOT/electricity/0629.pdf.





n17.  Vertically-integrated, or "traditional," utilities have some combination
of generation, transmission and distribution operations.





n18.  EIA, Electric Power Industry Overview 2007, http://www.eia.
doe.gov/cneaf/electricity/page/prim2/toc2.html (last visited Sept. 11, 2009).





n19.  Id.





n20.  Pub. L. No. 95-617, 92 Stat. 3117 (codified at 16 U.S.C.§§2601-2645
(2006)).





n21.  See EIA, The Changing Structure of the Electric Power Industry 2000: An
Update 8 (2000), available at http://www.eia.doe.gov/
cneaf/electricity/chg_stru_update/update2000.pdf. Non-utility power producers
focus entirely on power generation, as opposed to combining generation and
transmission. Id.





n22.  EIA, Electric Power Industry Overview 2007, supra note 18.





n23.  Pub. L. No. 102-486, 106 Stat. 2776 (1992).





n24.  FERC is an independent agency that regulates the interstate transmission
of electricity, natural gas, and oil. FERC's regulatory authority spans, but is
not limited to, the transmission and sale of natural gas for resale in
interstate commerce; the transmission of oil by pipeline in interstate commerce;
the transmission and wholesale sales of electricity in interstate commerce;
issuing licenses and inspecting private, municipal, and state hydroelectric
projects; ensuring the reliability of a high voltage interstate transmission
system; monitoring and investigating energy markets; using civil penalties and
other means against energy organizations and individuals who violate FERC rules
in the energy markets; overseeing environmental matters related to natural gas
and hydroelectricity projects and major electricity policy initiatives; and
administering accounting and financial reporting regulations and conduct of
regulated companies. FERC, What FERC Does,
http://www.ferc.gov/about/ferc-does.asp (last visited Oct. 3, 2009).





n25.  FERC Order No. 888 requires all public utilities that own, control, or
operate "facilities used for transmitting ... electric energy in interstate
commerce" to have on file transmission tariffs that contain minimum terms and
conditions of non-discriminatory service. Non-Discriminatory Open Access
Transmission Tariff, 18 C.F.R. § 35.28 (2008). The order also permits "public
utilities and transmitting utilities to seek recovery of legitimate, prudent,
and verifiable stranded costs associated with providing open access and Federal
Power Act section 211 transmission services." Promoting Wholesale Competition
Through Open Access Non-Discriminatory Transmission Services by Public
Utilities; Recovery of Stranded Costs by Public Utilities and Transmitting
Utilities, 61 Fed. Reg. 21,540, 21,540 (May 10, 1996). In issuing Order No. 888,
FERC's goal was to remove impediments to competition in the wholesale bulk power
marketplace and to bring more efficient, lower cost power to the Nation's
electricity consumers. Id.





n26.  18 C.F.R. § 37 (2009) (implementing FERC Order No. 889).





n27.  See generally Promoting Transmission Investment Through Pricing Reform, 71
Fed. Reg. 43,294, 43,320 (July 31, 2006) (to be codified at 18 C.F.R. pt. 35).





n28.  See supra note 13 and accompanying text.





n29.  The issue of the electric industry's aging workforce is worthy of its own
article. For more on that topic, see N. Am. Elec. Reliability Corp., 2007
Long-Term Reliability Assessment 8 (2007), available at
http://www.nerc.com/files/LTRA2007.pdf (identifying the electricity sector's
aging workforce as an area of concern).





n30.  Margaret Boitano, Today a Utility, Tomorrow a Telecom, Fortune, Feb. 21,
2000, at 320, available at, http://money.cnn.com/magazines/
fortune/fortune_archive/2000/02/21/273898/index.htm.





n31.  National Energy Policy Act of 1992, Pub. L. No. 102-486, 106 Stat. 2776
(1992).





n32.  Functional unbundling essentially means that the operations and commercial
terms of generation and transmission are segregated - operationally,
financially, and technologically - both in perception and reality. Because so
many walls were erected between generation and transmission functions, the
functions were intended to essentially be separate organizations with their own
systems and support functions. Given this separation, many expected the final
straw would be divestiture of either generation or transmission from the
vertical-utility organization.





n33.  For a critical perspective on PUHCA repeal, see Benjamin K. Sovacool,
Editorial, PUHCA Repeal: Higher Prices, Less R&D, and More Market Abuses?, 19
Electricity J. 85 (Jan.-Feb. 2006).





n34.  See Transmission Access Policy Study Group, Effective Incentives to
Getting New Transmission Built 2 (2003), available at
http://www.tapsgroup.org/sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderfil
es/030918finalincentives.pdf.





n35.  Jon Creyts et al., The American Response to Climate Change: Power
Generation Sector 4 (2008) (unpublished working memorandum), available at
http://www.usclimateaction.org/userfiles/American%20Response%20
to%20Climate%20Change%20-%20Power%20Generation.pdf.





n36.  Eric Hurst, U.S. Transmission Capacity: Present Status and Future
Prospects 49 (2004), available at http://www.oe.energy.gov/
DocumentsandMedia/transmission_capacity.pdf.





n37.  N. Am. Elec. Reliability Corp., 2009 Summer Reliability Assessment 1
(2009), available at http://www.nerc.com/files/summer2009.pdf.





n38.  Sergei Rodionov, Review of Winter 2009 in North America, Climate Logic,
Apr. 14, 2009,
http://www.climatelogic.com/forecasts/review-winter-2009-north-america.html.





n39.  Steve Gelsi, Forecaster: Mild Summer Points to Snowy Winter, MarketWatch,
June 15, 2009,
http://www.marketwatch.com/story/mild-summer-points-to-snowy-winter.





n40.  See EEI, supra note 13, at 80 (ranking Exelon Corporation as the largest
in size).





n41.  Id.





n42.  American Clean Energy and Security Act, H.R. 2454, 111th Cong. § 703
(2009) (as passed by House of Representatives, June 26, 2009).





n43.  Id. at § 700(13)(A).





n44.  John M. Broder, House Passes Bill to Address Threat of Climate Change,
N.Y. Times, June 27, 2009, at A1.





n45.  Paul Kane, Senators' Disparate Interests Could Transform Climate
Legislation, Wash. Post, July 7, 2009, at A3.





n46.  Media reports largely focused on Enron's involvement in the market
manipulation of the California energy markets. However, FERC conducted an
extensive investigation into the market manipulation allegations that included
multiple organizations, and while that manipulation occurred in the California
energy market, the scope and range of culpability was wide-spread across the
Western region. The Commission staff concluded in a March 2003 final
investigation report on the Western energy crisis that market conditions
involving diminished power supplies due to drought conditions, inadequate
infrastructure and a flawed power market design contributed to the market
manipulation that prolonged and exacerbated the economic harm caused by the
crisis. See generally FERC, Final Report on Price Manipulation in Western
Markets (March 2003), available at http://www.ferc.gov/
industries/electric/indus-act/wec.asp.





n47.  See Staff of S. Comm. on Governmental Affairs, 107th Cong., Committee
Staff Investigation of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's Oversight of
Enron Corp 2-3, 19-23 (Comm. Print. 2002).





n48.  Under FERC Chairman Pat Wood's leadership, the original division was
called the Office of Market Oversight and Investigations. Under FERC Chairman
Joseph Kelliher, the division assumed its current name, the Office of
Enforcement. FERC, About FERC - Office of Enforcement,
http://www.ferc.gov/about/offices/oe.asp (last visited Oct. 3, 2009).





n49.  Sections 211 through 214 of the Federal Power Act primarily govern
transmission interconnection, wheeling (transmission service), rates, terms and
conditions of transmission service, information requirements, and sales by
exempt wholesale generators. 16 U.S.C.§§824j-1-824m (2006).





n50.  See Posting of Gunnar Birgisson to Bracewell & Giuliani Energy Legal Blog,
http://www.energylegalblog.com/archives/2005/10/25/1648 (Oct. 25, 2005, 00:25
EST).





n51.  Part II of the Federal Power Act governs the entire federal regulation of
electric utility companies engaged in interstate commerce, so includes sections
211-214, as well as other sections. Id.





n52.  16 U.S.C. 825(o) (2006).





n53.  FERC, Civil Penalty Actions,
http://www.ferc.gov/enforcement/civil-penalties/civil-penalty-action.asp (last
visited Sept. 4, 2009).





n54.  In 2003, the highest grade (GS-15) and step (Step-10) in the United States
General Service paid an annual salary of $ 124,783 in Washington, DC. U.S.
Office of Personnel Mgm't, Salary Table 2003-DCB, available at
http://www.opm.gov/oca/03tables/html/dcb.asp. The annual mean wage in the
Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents category, 41-3031,
in May of 2003 in the State of New York was $ 133,160. Bureau of Labor
Statistics, Occupational Employment and Wages, May 2003, available at
http://www.bls.gov/oes/2003/may/oes413031.htm. Private sector wages of financial
industry leaders, on the other hand, were often considerably higher. See, e.g.,
Stephen Foley, $ 521,000: The Average Pay of Goldman Sachs Employees - And that
Includes the Secretaries, Indep. (London), Feb. 12, 2006, at 1.





n55.  See FERC, FY 2003 Congressional Budget Request and Annual Performance Plan
32 (2002), available at http://www.ferc.gov/about/strat-docs/Fy03-Budg.pdf
(discussing future staffing efforts, which would include a "new focus [that]
requires increased skills and experience in market investigations, knowledge of
market operations, understanding of risk management and derivatives ... [and]
analysis of overall market information").





n56.  American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009, H.R. 2454, 111th Cong.
§§341-42 (2009).





n57.  Press Release, U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, The Employment Situation -
July 2009 (Aug. 7, 2009), available at http://www.bls.gov/
news.release/archives/empsit_08072009.htm. The press release states:



   Financial activities employment continued to trend down in July (-13,000).
The average monthly decline for this industry was 23,000 over the past 3 months
compared with 46,000 per month from November through April. Since the start of
the recession, the financial activities industry has lost 501,000 jobs.
Employment in information declined by 16,000 in July, including losses in
publishing and telecommunications.





n58.  Bill Press, The Enron Smoking Gun, CNN.com, Feb. 5, 2006,
http://archives.cnn.com/2002/ALLPOLITICS/02/06/column.billpress /index.html.





n59.  See FERC, Civil Penalty Actions,
http://www.ferc.gov/enforcement/civil-penalties/civil-penalty-action.asp (last
visited Nov. 8, 2008) (listing FERC civil penalties and, in many cases, the
source of information about the violation).





n60.  Memorandum of Understanding Between the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission (FERC) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Regarding
Information Sharing and Treatment of Proprietary Trading and Other Information
(Oct. 12, 2005), available at http://www.cftc.gov/files/opa/ opacftcfercmou.pdf.





n61.  American Clean Energy and Security Act, H.R. 2454, 111th Cong. § 861
(2009).





n62.  See Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative CO2 Budget Trading Program History,
http://www.rggi.org/about/history (last visited Sept. 11, 2009); Regional
Greenhouse Gas Initiative CO2 Budget Trading Program Upcoming Auctions,
http://www.rggi.org/co2-auctions/upcoming (last visited September 11, 2009).





n63.  Reducing regional differences among cap-and-trade programs will improve
transparency, increase efficiencies, and give all market participants regulatory
and trading certainty. Ms. Brownell advocated for standard market designs during
her FERC tenure, noting variations in markets can add unnecessary costs and can
make oversight more challenging. In this instance, she recognizes that if the
market was created on a regional basis, then the regional program should be
given time to make the appropriate changes to ultimately assimilate into a
national program.





n64.  S. Res. 98, 105th Cong. (1997) (expressing, in advance of the negotiations
in Kyoto, the sense of the Senate that the United States should not sign a
protocol which mandates GHG reductions from developed nations unless emissions
limits were also imposed upon developing nations within the same compliance
period).





n65.  See generally FERC, Price Manipulation, supra note 46.





n66.  ACES proposes a hybrid approach to allowance allocation, increasing the
amount of auctioned allowances over time. See Rep. Henry Waxman and Rep. Ed
Markey, Proposed Allowance Allocation (2009), available at
http://energycommerce.house.gov/Press_111/20090515/allow anceallocation.pdf
(summarizing allowance allocation in the ACES bill as introduced).





n67.  The Quotable Politician 98 (William B. Whitman ed., Lyons Press 2003).


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                              May 30, 1997, Friday

STATE BUDGET '97; WHAT OUR COMMUNITY LEADERS THINK

LENGTH: 521 words


"It's a good budget - it clearly shows the States finances are back under

control. That's extremely important if South Australia is to be seen as an

attractive location for business investment in the future. The capital

works program will generate jobs and that is important. In summary, good

for investor confidence and therefore good for long-term jobs."

Ian Harrison

Employers Chamber

"It is nice to see some loosening of the purse strings on health but it

does little other than restore some of the cuts the health sector has been

suffering. We welcome money being spent on the important issue of reducing

smoking. The previously announced Rural Health Enhancement Package is

constructive in attracting doctors to rural communitities."

Dr Trevor Mudge

AMA

"We welcome the Government's decision not to increase taxes. The

continuation of the State's debt reduction strategy, capital works program

expansion and the forecast of employment growth should help the State's

future economic growth. It is now up to the Government to deliver on its

forecast."

Enzo Raimondo

REI

"The education budget reflects the agreement the education community

battled for last year. It is disappointing that the capital-works program

includes a number of previously announced school building programs, some of

which have been on the list for three budgets running."

Janet Giles

Aust Education Union

"We think South Australia's debt fetish has got in the way of a serious

commitment to attacking our 42 percent youth unemployment rate. There are

no substantial new commitments to jobs or to regional development.

Allocating more money to juvenile detention centres is an alarming

substitute for getting our young people into jobs"

Kym Davey

Youth Affairs Council

"The Government is treading water and certainly not going forward. It has

not given leadership or confidence to the small business sector, and there

is no real stimulation or incentives. It's a Budget which is gearing up to

save its money so they can spend it further down the track on an election."

Jan McMahon

PSA

"The State Budget fails the battlers' test. The Budget fails to create

sustainable jobs, despite the Treasurer's optimistic projections, and fails

to increase funding to services for families, despite growing need. There

is no real improvement in regional development and no enhanced access to

community and health services for older people"

Mark Henley

SACOSS

"The Budget makes no inroads into the deficit for older South Australians

in access to community services. We are still the bottom of the pile. Older

South Australians get half the national average of home care services."

Ian Yates

SACOTA

"Considering that rural South Australia provides 60 per cent of the export

earnings for the State, we believe it is an economically sound document but

shows no real vision for or investment in rural South Australia. We're

disappointed by the level of infrastructure development, roads, education

and health in comparison to the expidenture in urban South Australia."

Wayne Cornish

Farmers Federation

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            December 22, 1995 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Victoria keeps federal Budget in the black

BYLINE: Michelle Grattan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 582 words


Canberra.

The Kennett Government's controversial electricity sales have rescued the
Keating Government's Budget surplus by allowing Victoria to repay $1.9 billion
of debt early.

As a result, despite a $2.5 billion deterioration in other projections, the
federal Budget is expected to have a surplus of $115 million, compared with the
projected $718 million surplus.

The Treasurer, Mr Willis, releasing the mid-year Budget review yesterday, said
the repayment, which pays off debt stretching into next century, had been at
Victoria's initiative and done for the State Government's "own purposes".

The state Treasurer, Mr Stockdale, said Victoria's assistance would embarrass Mr
Willis.

"I think he would be embarrassed that he had to admit that were it not for the
sound financial management by the Victorian State Government, he would have
blown his Budget surplus," Mr Stockdale said.

Victoria's anxiety to reduce debt has denied the Federal Opposition the
political point it would have scored had the surplus been wiped out.

The review has revised growth down for this financial year from 3.75 per cent to
3.25 per cent. Business investment is expected to increase by 8 per cent, well
down from the Budget's 13 per cent.

The consumer price index is now set to rise by 4.75 per cent, up from the
Budget's 4 per cent. Employment growth is expected to be 2.5 per cent (3 per
cent in the Budget) and unemployment set to be 8.25 per cent next June (8 per
cent).

The silver lining is that the current-account deficit is expected to come in at
$21 billion ($27 billion), as exports grow faster than expected and imports
slow.

Mr Willis said that despite the reduction in growth Australia was in a strong
position compared with most industrialised countries. It was still "one of the
best performing economies in the industrial world".

The Treasurer predicted that the growth rate would pick up next year He said the
forecasts had no implications for interest rates.

Mr Willis said housing was expected to grow in 1996-97.

The rural sector was making a stronger contribution, net exports were generally
good, and non-residential construction was going well.

Revenue this financial year will be $1748 million less than in the Budget,
mainly because of lower growth.

The shadow treasurer, Mr Costello, said the review confirmed a "massive $2.5
billion blowout in the 1995-96 underlying Budget deficit and a general
deterioration of the economic outlook".

AUSTRALIA'S ECONOMY: THE NEW PICTURE
                                Budget forecast  Revised forecast

      GDP (Average 1989-90 prices)         3.75%            3.25%
      Private consumption                  3.75%            3.25%
      Business investment                    13%               8%

      Prices
      Consumer price index                    4%            4.75%
      Underlying consumer price index      3.25%             3.5%
      Gross non-farm product deflator       3.5%            3.25%

      Labor market
      Employment
      (Labor force survey basis)            3%             2.5%
      Unemployment rate
      (June '96 average)                    8%            8.25%
      Participation rate
      (June '96 average)                   64%           62.75%

      Current account deficit        $27 billion      $21 billion

      Outlays                   $123,730 million $122,585 million

      Revenue                   $124,448 million $122,700 million

      Surplus
                     $718 million     $155 million

      All figures for 1995-96


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1995 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                              April 7, 2014 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Seymour focused on delivery

BYLINE: MELISSA MARTIN

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 432 words


Huon Gulf MP Ross Seymor is now focused to effectively deliver basic services to
improve the lives of his people.

He said this last week while presenting the districts 2013 acquittals to the
Department of Implementation and Rural Development.

The MP's determination is projected in the Huon Gulf District's integrated
development plan, 2013-17 to usher in a new era of effective implementation for
our district via building on the foundations of the Vision 2050.

He said the acquittal tries to reflect what he has tried to achieve from the
development grant partly received in 2013 by implementing the development plan.

He thanked the O'Neill-Dion Government for the continuation of District Services
Improvement Program funds in 2013 and 2014.

"This will ensure that my public service machineries to implement my districts
Five Year Development Plans captures my political development aspiration for the
people of Huon Gulf," Mr Seymour said.

"The 2013 to 2017 is designed to ensure necessary conditions are met, enhancing
institutional capacity and enabling key enablers in order for the economy to
utilize the gains to advance into high productivity mode."

Mr Seymor said he is focused on delivering macroeconomic activities and
stability in the district.

"The district had received K4 million DSIP grants together with a balance of
over K4 million from the 2012 Grants which was carried forward to 2013," he
said.

Administration costs amounted to K1 million and K6.2 million has been spent on
roads and transport infrastructure in the district.

Over K450,000 was spent on health and education related equipment such the
sawmill bought for the district.

About K549,000 was spent on health infrastructure developments. The outstanding
funds of K6 million from 2013 DSIP funds were received this year, which will be
used to complement the 2014 funds to complete projects in the district.

The MP said he is also focusing in strengthening of the financial sector to
encourage an entrepreneurial culture and a vibrant business and investment
environment that competitively promotes private sector led growth is crucial
under the District plan.

He said district-owned enterprises will be required to play key roles in
mobilising resources and investing in the key enablers such as transport
infrastructure, utilities and human resources.

This also applies to the development of economic corridors to ensure that the
district gains from such arrangements.

He also appealed to the government to release development grants without favor
so that implementation of projects can be transpired in the rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                January 1, 2000

Malaysia needs to change direction of socio-economic planning, policy

BYLINE: By Ramon Navaratnam

SECTION: Business Economy; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1355 words


THE new Cabinet has been chosen and Malaysia is all set to face the new
21st century starting today! Happy New Year to Malaysia and to all
Malaysians! May God continue to bless us all with peace, harmony and an
even better quality of life.

However, we have to make this wish really work, otherwise it will remain
- just a hope and a prayer.

The opportunity for Malaysia to rise to greater heights is now upon us.
The new Cabinet has been challenged to respond more effectively. The
people's message is quite clear - although Malaysia has already achieved
relatively great success, as a developing country, we have to change the
direction of our socio-economic planning and policies.

The changes in policy direction call for Government plans to be much
more people oriented rather than profit oriented'.

As a first step forward, we need to improve our Electoral process. There
have been many public complaints about the inadequacies, which have to be
explained or rectified urgently. This is necessary as uncertainties
undermine business and investment confidence especially from abroad.

It is therefore gratifying that the Election Commission has admitted
that the election process needs to be improved as the election laws have
not been revised since colonial times!

We should also direct more of our priorities and our resources, to
improving the welfare of the rakyat.

The needs of the rural and urban poor are not unreasonable nor too
expensive for Malaysia to afford. Much higher allocations could be made to
meet the basic needs like, housing, schools, clinics and hospitals, water
and electricity, especially in those depressed rural and urban areas where
they are lacking.

Could we not have a New Socio-Economic Plan that would give much more
meaning to the first prong of the National Development Policy - which is
to eradicate poverty, regardless of race?

Can we honestly claim that we have adhered to the real spirit behind
this laudable policy?

Why for instance, is it so difficult to build sufficient low and medium-
cost houses?

The developers tell us that it is extremely cumbersome to get suitable
land from the State governments for housing. We continue to hear of delays
and hassles getting multifarious approvals, to meet the diverse rules and
regulations by so many local authorities!

These are the kind of core issues that our newly elected representatives
have to address with renewed commitment.

Can't the local authorities be revamped so that they are made more
accountable to the rakyat?

Why can't we have more representation on these aocal luthorities instead
of having mere nominees, who may not feel answerable to the rakyat, whom
they are supposed to serve.

What has been said about the local authorities can be levelled at the
Federal Government departments that provide counter services' to the
general public. I dare say that the Government lost a lot of votes from
frustrated members of the public who have suffered at one time or another
from inefficient public services at the ground level.

Another important area where policy direction has to change is in the
financial and banking system. It needs to be strengthened at a much faster
pace.

The consolidation of our banking system has therefore to forge ahead
with greater urgency. There have been too many delays, which we can least
afford.

Provided that the criteria for mergers are fair and transparent, the
public will strongly support the Government's efforts, regardless of those
owners who would want to protect their own narrow vested interests.

Government has to change direction and be tougher with those who seek to
enhance the private interest at the expense of the public interest.

We should also change direction with all our important national
institutions, such as the civil service, the judicial system and the
enforcement agencies. They should all be thoroughly reviewed to enable us
to meet the new challenges of Globalisation.

For instance it is regrettable that some foreign investors prefer that
their commercial disputes should be settled in other countries and not in
our courts. This may be an indication that they do not have enough faith
in our judicial system. This kind of perception will not be good for the
promotion of a healthy investment climate.

Just like the economists are consulted by the Ministry of Finance at
Annual Budget Dialogues, all these professional groups and the significant
non-Governmental organisatios need to be sincerely consulted by the new
cabinet ministers on how our national competitiveness and public welfare
can be further enhanced.

The standards of corporate governance could also be significantly
raised speedily. The Malaysian Securities Commission has come out with an
excellent report on corporate governance. It is important that its many
recommendations are implemented not only in the letter but in the spirit
of its intentions.

The new Government has a big responsibility in changing the public
perception that more things are promised by many politicians rather than
delivered by them.

Thus although the Malaysian economy is recovering well from the Asian
crisis, we are in danger of reverting to uncertainty, if we do not take
remedial action to implement more professional business standards.

This can only happen if those responsible for bad management in the past
are replaced by more professional and competent corporate leaders, who can
also stand up to pressures of undue external interferences.

These new corporate leaders must be able to set high standards of
integrity so as to be able to clamp down more effectively on the universal
problem of corruption and unethical business practices.

It is therefore important that not only should greater action be taken
to curb corruption but also that this action must also be actually seen to
be taken.

The new Government could also review all the legislation that is
regarded, rightly or wrongly as obnoxious'. The Internal Security Act,
the Sedition Act, the Police Act, and the Universities, University
Colleges Act and the Printing Presses Act, inter alia, of course readily
come to mind.

Is it not possible that some of these Acts are already outdated in this
time and age? Haven't the Malaysian society and circumstances and
environment considerably changed since Merdeka. Shouldn't these laws
therefore be amended to further enhance Malaysia's competitive edge in the
new era of globalisation?

Then what about the many National Policies that have served us well in
the past and which could also be refined further to make them more
pertinent and beneficial to the New Malaysia of the 21 century?

The New Development Policy, the Look East Policy, Malaysia Incorporated,
and the Privatisation Policy can contribute much more to our national
well-being, if the weaknesses therein are removed.

For instance, much more could be done to ensure that the 30 per cent
equity shares reserved for Bumiputeras, are indeed spread out to many more
Bumiputeras. This will not only be fairer but would provide the
opportunity for more Bumiputeras.

It would also be in keeping with Malaysia's pragmatic policies if the
present Foreign Investment Guidelines are made much more transparent and
attractive. At present there is considerable uncertainty as to the
guidelines in the implementation of the policy.

The New Cabinet, under the dynamic leadership of Prime Minister Datuk
Seri Dr Mahathir Mohamad has the great priviledge and responsibility to
lead Malaysia into the 21st century.

I hope that the rakyat's signals for change of policy directions will be
seriously studied and acted upon, as indeed the Prime Minister has urged
his Ministers and Mentris Besar, to fulfill their election pledges.

If all the legitimate aspirations of the people are fully met by the new
Government, we will have a New Malaysia where our leaders will gain even
more appreciation and the support of the rakyat, to make Malaysia a model
country for peace and prosperity, in the new millennium.


LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2000 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Gov proposes $1 billion broadband investment

BYLINE: Kim Smith Dedam, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 743 words


Jan. 17--LAKE PLACID -- Gov. Andrew Cuomo wants to make a $500 million broadband
investment for high-speed Internet across the state.

The New New York Broadband Program funding would be made available to match $500
million in private business investments, bringing the total initiative to a
total $1 billion, Lt. Gov. Kathy Hochul said here on Friday morning.

The goal, she announced in a room crowded with civic and business leaders at the
Lake Placid Conference Center, is to ensure that every person in the state has
high-speed Internet by the end of 2018.

The program is part of Gov. Andrew Cuomo's Executive Budget, set for release on
Wednesday, Jan. 21, and subject to approval by state lawmakers.

'HIGH-SPEED PARAMOUNT'

In Essex County, where Hochul introduced the initiative, lawmakers have pressed
for improvements to communications infrastructure for nearly a decade, asking
Albany for funding and rural ease of regulations.

Assemblyman Dan Stec (R-Queensbury) described how some of his constituents
without Internet access have to drive their children and park outside of
libraries or municipal buildings to allow them to get homework done online.

Fiber optic cables installed along Interstate 87 years ago have not been tapped
to improve connectivity, and the push for cellphone towers is still hamstrung by
lack of population density and access to electricity in remote areas.

Hochul said there are 2.5 million families in the state without Internet, and
including zero households in Hamilton County.

She drew a smattering of chuckles when she mused, "No Netflix" there?

But, she pointed out, high-speed connectivity is also paramount to improved
public safety communications and to connect young people to employment and
college opportunity.

And only half of schools in New York have access to high-speed Internet.

FALLING BEHIND

The lieutenant governor said connectivity is a key component of attracting new
business to any location.

"By Jan. 1, 2019, you'll see every business in this community is connected,"
Hochul said. "Go out and tell people, hope is on the way."

While it was American innovation that created the Internet, Hochul said, the
country as a whole ranks 35th globally for connectivity.

"We can't afford to fall behind," she said.

THE RURAL EQUATION

Technological investment throughout the North Country has fallen behind in large
part due to the lack of population density, along with land-use regulation
hurdles in the Adirondack Park.

The profit margin is challenged by the high cost of installing infrastructure in
a rural area.

Cellphone towers built here in the past five years, for example, are carefully
positioned and often disguised as pine trees to blend into the protected
landscape. The infrastructure has to be situated on private land in the
Adirondack Park, as it is illegal to place private equipment anywhere on state
land.

Hochul said state regulations would adapt to ensure connectivity to even remote
regions.

The importance for public safety and education "transcends the economy and
jobs," she said.

"This comes down to taking care of our kids."

UNTAPPED MARKET

The other hurdle is the correspondingly low density of private
telecommunications investment in the North Country.

The Press-Republican asked Jim Wright, CEO of the Development Authority of the
North Country, how "matching funds" would be deployed in an area arguably
underserved by the private telecommunications industry.

He said the governor's initiative would provide access to capital that would
incite growth in the business sector.

"We have seen how state investment has proved very effective in leveraging
private investment," Wright said. "I think that is the theme of the governor's
economic development program.

"What it takes is creativity."

"Anchor institutions -- school districts and hospitals -- are building blocks
for communities to build networks of their own," Wright continued.

"This is an untapped market. If a business or municipality is accessing that
market with investment in terms of this initiative, then it reduces some of the
incremental costs that have to be dealt with."

Wright said that, rather than focusing on the difficulties, it is best to look
forward.

"How can we take advantage and do things differently?"

Email Kim Smith Dedam: kdedam@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @KimDedam

___ (c)2015 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150117-ZI-Gov-proposes-1-billion-broadband-investment-0117-20150117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2015 The Press-Republican


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Gov proposes $1 billion broadband investment

BYLINE: Kim Smith Dedam, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 743 words


Jan. 16--LAKE PLACID -- Gov. Andrew Cuomo wants to make a $500 million broadband
investment for high-speed Internet across the state.

The New New York Broadband Program funding would be made available to match $500
million in private business investments, bringing the total initiative to a
total $1 billion, Lt. Gov. Kathy Hochul said here on Friday morning.

The goal, she announced in a room crowded with civic and business leaders at the
Lake Placid Conference Center, is to ensure that every person in the state has
high-speed Internet by the end of 2018.

The program is part of Gov. Andrew Cuomo's Executive Budget, set for release on
Wednesday, Jan. 21, and subject to approval by state lawmakers.

'HIGH-SPEED PARAMOUNT'

In Essex County, where Hochul introduced the initiative, lawmakers have pressed
for improvements to communications infrastructure for nearly a decade, asking
Albany for funding and rural ease of regulations.

Assemblyman Dan Stec (R-Queensbury) described how some of his constituents
without Internet access have to drive their children and park outside of
libraries or municipal buildings to allow them to get homework done online.

Fiber optic cables installed along Interstate 87 years ago have not been tapped
to improve connectivity, and the push for cellphone towers is still hamstrung by
lack of population density and access to electricity in remote areas.

Hochul said there are 2.5 million families in the state without Internet, and
including zero households in Hamilton County.

She drew a smattering of chuckles when she mused, "No Netflix" there?

But, she pointed out, high-speed connectivity is also paramount to improved
public safety communications and to connect young people to employment and
college opportunity.

And only half of schools in New York have access to high-speed Internet.

FALLING BEHIND

The lieutenant governor said connectivity is a key component of attracting new
business to any location.

"By Jan. 1, 2019, you'll see every business in this community is connected,"
Hochul said. "Go out and tell people, hope is on the way."

While it was American innovation that created the Internet, Hochul said, the
country as a whole ranks 35th globally for connectivity.

"We can't afford to fall behind," she said.

THE RURAL EQUATION

Technological investment throughout the North Country has fallen behind in large
part due to the lack of population density, along with land-use regulation
hurdles in the Adirondack Park.

The profit margin is challenged by the high cost of installing infrastructure in
a rural area.

Cellphone towers built here in the past five years, for example, are carefully
positioned and often disguised as pine trees to blend into the protected
landscape. The infrastructure has to be situated on private land in the
Adirondack Park, as it is illegal to place private equipment anywhere on state
land.

Hochul said state regulations would adapt to ensure connectivity to even remote
regions.

The importance for public safety and education "transcends the economy and
jobs," she said.

"This comes down to taking care of our kids."

UNTAPPED MARKET

The other hurdle is the correspondingly low density of private
telecommunications investment in the North Country.

The Press-Republican asked Jim Wright, CEO of the Development Authority of the
North Country, how "matching funds" would be deployed in an area arguably
underserved by the private telecommunications industry.

He said the governor's initiative would provide access to capital that would
incite growth in the business sector.

"We have seen how state investment has proved very effective in leveraging
private investment," Wright said. "I think that is the theme of the governor's
economic development program.

"What it takes is creativity."

"Anchor institutions -- school districts and hospitals -- are building blocks
for communities to build networks of their own," Wright continued.

"This is an untapped market. If a business or municipality is accessing that
market with investment in terms of this initiative, then it reduces some of the
incremental costs that have to be dealt with."

Wright said that, rather than focusing on the difficulties, it is best to look
forward.

"How can we take advantage and do things differently?"

Email Kim Smith Dedam at:

kdedam@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @KimDedam

___ (c)2015 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150116-ZI-Gov-proposes-1-billion-broadband-investment-0116-20150116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2015 The Press-Republican


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

Union outline priorities in meeting with minister

LENGTH: 275  words


The financial pressure facing farmers and Brexit negotiations topped the agenda
as the Ulster Farmers' Union has had its first formal meeting with the new DAERA
minister, Michelle McIlveen.

The UFU delegation was made up of president Barclay Bell, deputy president,
Victor Chestnutt and the UFU chief executive Wesley Aston.

Speaking after the meeting Mr Bell said there was no escape from the reality
that the number one issue for the 12,000 farming families the UFU represents is
financial pressure they have been under for more than a year, across all
commodities.

"We used this meeting to cover actions that could help address this income
crisis," said the UFU president.

"These included full implementation of the rural development programme, led by
the farm business investment and agri-environment schemes, advance CAP payments
and payment of agreed support to farmers affected by last winter's flooding."

Also discussed was the distribution of the latest EU agricultural aid package,
Brexit, BSE Negligible Risk Status, Bovine TB, the future of ANC support, the
development of an environmental prosperity agreement and the abolition of the
Agricultural Wages Board which the UFU has long argued is irrelevant in an era
of minimum and national wage legislation.

The UFU also underlined its key objectives for the Assembly, as highlighted in
its 2016 Manifesto for the election.

These include securing greater fairness along the food supply chain, driving the
Going for Growth strategy, easing the path of young people into the agriculture,
opening new markets and ensuring the direct CAP payments farmers rely on reach
them as quickly as possible.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             May 5, 1999 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Treasury's tips: strong today, slower later;
STATE BUDGET '99 - FORECASTS

BYLINE: TIM COLEBATCH, ECONOMICS EDITOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 673 words


The Victorian Treasury has put out cautious forecasts for the year ahead,
tipping a fall in the state's growth rate, no fall in unemployment, and an end
to the state's brief population gains from other states.

But Treasury's typically dour projections are contradicted by its buoyant
assessment of present conditions. It argues that the state's economy is growing
strongly, and attributes this largely to the Kennett Government's reforms.

In his Budget speech the Treasurer, Mr Alan Stockdale, waxed euphoric, telling
Victorians: "We are the fastest growing economy in Australia ... Victorians are
enjoying the best economic conditions in generations and can look forward to an
even better century ahead."

The Government had restored confidence, reduced household and business taxes and
costs, and reformed the economy to make it more flexible and efficient,
generating "a sense of optimism in the Victorian community, extending right
throughout our suburbs, regional centres and country towns", he said.

In more subdued style, Treasury's overview also highlights the benefits of the
Government's reforms. It credits them with the state's low inflation - in the
five years to March, prices rose 8.8per cent in Melbourne, but 12.4per cent in
Sydney - and estimates that for typical businesses, electricity prices have
fallen by 23per cent, workers comp premiums by 19per cent, port charges by 40per
cent and water bills by up to 70per cent.

It highlights the growth in Victorian business investment, estimating that this
year and in 1999-2000, business investment per head here will top the national
average. It concedes that Victorian exports have been hit heavily by the slump
in Korea and South-East Asia, especially in manufactures and intermediate
products, but argues that food exports have held up, and tourism and education
exports have kept growing.

Overall, Treasury says, unpublished preliminary estimates by the Bureau of
Statistics show that Victoria grew by 3.8per cent in 1997-98 (well below the
national average of 4.6per cent). It says the temporary shutdown of Bass
Strait's oil and gas fields after the Longford explosion will reduce Victoria's
growth in 1998-99, but it still predicts an almost identical growth rate of
3.75per cent for the year.

But for the new financial year of 1999-2000 Treasury expects growth to drop to
2.75per cent, and unemployment to stop falling. Growth would then slowly pick up
to a trend rate of 3.25per cent, but unemployment would still be 7.25per cent in
2003.

REVENUE ...
 SPENDING

 WHERE THE MONEY COMES FROM ...



     1998/1999 1999/2000 % change

 Commonwealth grants received 7448.6  7606.6  2.1

 Taxes on property   2362.7  2323.7  (1.6)

 Payroll tax   2192.5  2231.5  1.8

 Sale of goods & services  1796.1  1812.9  0.9

 Gambling taxes   1748.1  1793.8  2.6

 Petrol tabacco & liquor taxes  1307.5  1344.9  2.9

 Motor vehicle taxes   884.9  883.9  (0.1)

 State owned business dividends 955.4  646.8  (32.3)

 Interest rent & royalty income  612.0  485.7  (20.6)

 Fees & fines   245.0  246.6  0.6

 Franchise fees & other taxes  102.2  113.2  10.8

 TOTAL REVENUE   19655.0  19489.6  (0.8)

 AND WHERE IT GOES

     1998/1999 1999/2000 % change

 Education    5274.4  5515.2  4.6

 Health services   3502.3  3484.4  (0.5)

 Hospital & acute health care  3024.9  3222.2  6.5

 Roads transport & local government 1886.6  1977.2  4.8

 Justice    1555.4  1656.5  6.5

 Treasury & finance   1627.3  1526.8  (6.2)

 Natural resources & environment 782.6  806.2  3.0

 Interest & finance costs  697.1  532.1  (23.7)

 Premier & cabinet   233.0  315.1  35.2

 State development   220.2  238.3  8.2

 Parliament   81.6  86.9  6.5

 TOTAL    18885.4  19360.9  2.5

 ECONOMIC PROJECTIONS  Actual   Projections

     1997-98 1998-99 1999-2000 2000-1

 Gross state product  3.8 3.75 2.75  3

 Employment growth   1.5 1.75 1  1.5

 Unemployment   8.3 7.5 7.5  7.5

 Participation rate   63.2 63 63  63.25

 CPI    -0.1 1 2  2.5

 Wage cost index   n/a 3.5 3.5  3.5

 Population   1.2 1 0.8  0.8

 Source:  Australian Bureau of Statistics; Department of Treasury and Finance.


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Three tables: REVENUE; SPENDING; ECONOMIC PROJECTIONS. Two graphs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1999 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday
                              North Wales Edition

Businesses on Anglesey face IT 'meltdown';
Comms boss attacks infrastructure

BYLINE: MARTIN WILLIAMS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 476 words


ANGLESEY faces a business meltdown unless more is done to improve the island's
IT infrastructure, according to a communications boss.

As the Government and local agencies push more resources into creating
opportunities for enterprise and employment on Anglesey, Annette Burgess,
managing director of Welshpool-based eXwavia, says more needs to be done to
support the need for fast and reliable broadband in order to encourage new
business investment.

"In parts of Anglesey we have talked to people who have internet speeds barely
above the old dial-up and yet they are being charged broadband rates by their
providers," said Annette.

Annette Burgess "We're aiming to achieve at least 95% coverage of our wireless
broadband on Anglesey which will mean we can offer consumers and businesses a
choice of speeds between 4Mbps and 60Mbps.

"But the conventional wire-based broadband is well below what businesses want in
certain parts of the island and that could have a detrimental affect on future
investment by existing and new businesses."

Annette said eXwavia was providing a solution and wireless broadband was paving
the way for high speed internet access throughout rural Wales.

Its technology means it is more cost efficient than conventional methods and
provides faster speeds.

The company is currently rolling out wireless broadband across Anglesey and
north Powys.

It plans to expand its services throughout rural Wales.

"We're dealing with quite a few businesses who have been struggling for sometime
to get a satisfactory broadband connection at a reasonable speed in parts of
Anglesey," she said.

"Many of these businesses rely on broadband not just for e-mail, but cloud
computing and large scale data handling.

"The current infrastructure cannot cope or provide the service they want. We're
now providing the solution with wireless broadband, but the Government and
others need to address the overall problem before it's too late."

Annette said the problem was not just related to businesses either.

Consumers with a growing appetite for online services, video messaging, e-mail
and gaming were "also struggling", she added.

In February, Business Post reported how Annette backed the extension of the
Welsh Government's Broadband Support Scheme, which will boost access to firms
and residents, supporting economic growth and social opportunities in North
Wales.

The pounds 2million scheme was launched in 2010.

Annette said: "The extension to the scheme will end uncertainty for many
businesses and consumers who are struggling to get adequate broadband speeds or
any form of broadband in some cases.

"We've already seen a substantial uptake on Anglesey where we've developed a
wireless broadband network providing 4-40mbps high speed broadband to an area
that struggles to see anything above 2mbps through conventional means."

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Annette Burgess

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2012 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Textile exchange launches organic cotton assessment tool

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


National Textile Corporation has issued the following order:


Textile Exchange a non-profit organization committed to the responsible
expansion of textile sustainability across the global textile value chain has
launched its own Organic Cotton Sustainability Assessment Tool (OC-SAT), which
looks at the impacts of organic cotton based on the results of questionnaires
sent to organic cotton producers. The data (from producer groups) feeds into an
online tool (OC-SAT), although this is not interactive as the name suggests,
i.e., users can navigate but not enter or play with data themselves; it does
contain useful background information on topics although of course it is not a
required tool for certification. Data for the assessment tool comes from 14
countries, of which eight are included in this report (Benin, Burkina Faso,
Mali, Senegal, Tanzania, China, India and Turkey), with 36 surveys completed
between 2011 and 2013. The data is organized under the usual triple bottom line
division of environmental, economic and social aspects, with a framework based
on existing frameworks such as COSA and ISEAL, FAO SAFA Guidelines, and so on.

The environmental aspect looks at water, soil and pest management, biodiversity
and climate change, while the social includes food security, decent work,
equality and rural development and the economic looks at livelihood, producer
organization, sustainability standards, risk management, business investment,
and seed security. The report highlights benefits (diversification) from organic
cotton as well as challenges (including pricing and productivity). Some findings
include that 80 percent of organic cotton is rain-fed, and that most producer
groups report some form of decent work, including Fair trade, while income
diversification is also a focus. TE offers three key messages from the research:
that organic farmers need business security, that being organized helps promote
decent work and it flags up the importance of diversity (crop, income, social)
Textile Exchange motivates to accelerate sustainable practices in the textile
value chain with a focus on minimizing the harmful impacts of the global textile
industry and maximizing its positive effects.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                           December 29, 2012 Saturday

Fireworks at council meets

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 611  words


THE world may not have ended in 2012, as the Mayans predicted, but there were
certainly some apocalyptic moments in council chambers this year.

The return of former Rockhampton City Council Mayor Margaret Strelow to lead the
amalgamated Rockhampton Regional Council in its second term might have brought
some stability and composure to the council.

But there have still been some bumps in the road this year as well.

And The Morning Bulletin has been there to capture it all - the good, the bad
and the ugly.

Gracemere Industrial Area

POSSIBLY the ugliest battle of all has been the fight over Precinct K in the
Gracemere Industrial Area.

Council's campaign to cash in on the resources boom by making more industrial
land available south of Rockhampton caused an uproar among some in the rural
residential community in Precinct K.

Much initial support for the GIA, which Capricorn Enterprise claimed had the
potential to capture up to $500million of business investment and create 2500
jobs, was quashed by council's over-enthusiasm to get it up and running.

Spearheaded by former Mayor Brad Carter, council requested a Temporary Local
Planning Instrument from the Queensland government in January.

The TLPI stripped residents of their rights to legally challenge the planning
changes and council was forced to recant just before the local government
elections.

Some predicted the drastic decision to request a TLPI was the nail in Cr
Carter's political coffin. And they were soon proven right, with him coming
fourth in the five-person race to become Rockhampton's new mayor.

While Margaret Strelow promised there would never be a TLPI while she was mayor,
she has touted the GIA as the most important project since the construction of
the barrage in 1970 revolutionised Rockhampton's long-term water supply.

Only last month Cr Strelow urged her fellow councillors to "show leadership"
when she and most councillors agreed to send the major amendment to the State
Government.

But the debate is not over, with council assuring the community the GIA will
come back in the public arena before council adopts the changes.

Election and 2012/2013 council budget

THE local government elections in April saw not only Brad Carter turfed after
the TLPI debacle, but also Gracemere's councillor, Sandra O'Brien.

But Rockhampton Regional councillors fared well compared to many other
councillors from newly amalgamated council across Queensland.

The first term of the newly amalgamated Rockhampton City Council, Livingstone
Shire Council, Mount Morgan Shire Council and Fitzroy Shire Council was a
baptism by fire for many, but only Brad Carter, Sandra O'Brien, Brett Svendsen
and Graeme Brady were not re-elected.

Oddly, the four councillors kicked out were replaced by three former
councillors, Cr Strelow, Cr Ellen Smith and Cr Neil Fisher, and one former
council employee, Cr Tom Wyatt.

The fight for the mayoralty was fierce, with Carter re-contesting his role
against two former mayors, Cr Strelow and Lea Taylor.

Tim Griffin also ran again, along with well-known public identity Dominic Doblo.

While Cr Strelow won the most votes, the dark horse was Mr Griffin, who didn't
trail far behind.

After losing the mayoralty race he also lucked out when the complaint he lodged
with Electoral Commission Queensland was dismissed.

Mr Griffin claimed he and others were given the wrong voting directions by
volunteers at polling booths.

Meanwhile, much like her shoe-string budget campaign, Cr Strelow hand down a
"no-frills" $235million.

The average Rockhampton ratepayer was slugged an extra $224, while Yeppoon rose
by $93, Mount Morgan by $69, and Gracemere by $20.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 9, 2004 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

HECS-style plan for sport, farms

BYLINE: David Rood, Higher Education Reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 376 words


Drought relief for farmers and funding for elite athletes could be replaced by
HECS-style income-related loans under a proposal by a leading Australian
economist.

Bruce Chapman, engineer of HECS for university students, said the income-related
loans reduced the burden on taxpayers, were more sustainable than current grants
and expanded the help available to those in need.

Such loans are paid back through the tax system when income reaches a set
threshold.

"Income-related loans are a more generous form of a loan than a bank can offer
because it takes into account your capacity to pay it back," Professor Chapman
said.

In a paper to be delivered in Canberra tonight, the former adviser to then prime
minister Paul Keating will argue that income-related loans could also be
extended to collect fines for low-level crimes and fund community projects as
well as business investment in research and development.

Professor Chapman is the director of the Centre for Economic Policy Research at
the Australian National University.

In a drought and flood relief scheme developed with ANU political scientist
Linda Botterill, he said the self-financed system would make more resources
available to the large number of farmers who currently do not received
assistance.

Farmers would repay loans given in time of drought or flood with profits from
subsequent successful years.

The paper argues that the loan scheme has an in-built "default insurance" for
borrowers as they do not have to make repayments until they reach the set
threshold. As much of the assistance would be repaid, governments could afford
to support more farmers in trouble, it says.

Professor Chapman questioned whether it was reasonable for the average taxpayer
earning $40,000 a year to help fund athletes receiving large financial reward.

The proposed scheme for elite athletes would ask those who earn exceptionally
well to repay more than their original grants, with the additional money
channelled back to more scholarships.

"Most of the athletes at the Australian Institute of Sport don't become
millionaires, but some, like tennis players, soccer players and the Australian
cricket team, get major benefits and, on their incomes, it's reasonable to ask
for a little back," Professor Chapman said.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 9, 2004 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

HECS-style plan for sport, farms

BYLINE: David Rood, Higher Education Reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 376 words


Drought relief for farmers and funding for elite athletes could be replaced by
HECS-style income-related loans under a proposal by a leading Australian
economist.

Bruce Chapman, engineer of HECS for university students, said the income-related
loans reduced the burden on taxpayers, were more sustainable than current grants
and expanded the help available to those in need.

Such loans are paid back through the tax system when income reaches a set
threshold.

"Income-related loans are a more generous form of a loan than a bank can offer
because it takes into account your capacity to pay it back," Professor Chapman
said.

In a paper to be delivered in Canberra tonight, the former adviser to then prime
minister Paul Keating will argue that income-related loans could also be
extended to collect fines for low-level crimes and fund community projects as
well as business investment in research and development.

Professor Chapman is the director of the Centre for Economic Policy Research at
the Australian National University.

In a drought and flood relief scheme developed with ANU political scientist
Linda Botterill, he said the self-financed system would make more resources
available to the large number of farmers who currently do not received
assistance.

Farmers would repay loans given in time of drought or flood with profits from
subsequent successful years.

The paper argues that the loan scheme has an in-built "default insurance" for
borrowers as they do not have to make repayments until they reach the set
threshold. As much of the assistance would be repaid, governments could afford
to support more farmers in trouble, it says.

Professor Chapman questioned whether it was reasonable for the average taxpayer
earning $40,000 a year to help fund athletes receiving large financial reward.

The proposed scheme for elite athletes would ask those who earn exceptionally
well to repay more than their original grants, with the additional money
channelled back to more scholarships.

"Most of the athletes at the Australian Institute of Sport don't become
millionaires, but some, like tennis players, soccer players and the Australian
cricket team, get major benefits and, on their incomes, it's reasonable to ask
for a little back," Professor Chapman said.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       March 21, 1998, Saturday Edition 1

Budget's a one way street

SECTION: EXECUTIVE MOTORING, Pg. 39

LENGTH: 721 words


   THE 1998 spring Budget will go down in history as the one most noted for what
the Chancellor did not say, rather than what he did.

North motorists are mystified about its full implications for them, and look
like remaining so for some time to come.

Although the feared two-tier taxation system for company cars was not
implemented, it is now the subject of delayed discussion and could be brought in
at any time.

Motorists are to be encouraged to drive "small, less polluting cars," but these
have yet to be categorised.

There is to be a shift of taxation from business mileage to private mileage, but
there is no indication of how this will work.

A graduated system of road tax is likely to be introduced, but no one knows upon
what it will be based.

Trucks and buses will be rewarded for reduced exhaust emissions, but there are
no figures, so manufacturers and operators do not know whether investment in
this area will be worthwhile.

The Government says that fuel duty increases will save one million tonnes of
carbon a year, but no one knows quite how this apparently arbitrary figure was
arrived at.

The extra Budget revenue from motorists is £1.256bn a year, but just £500mn is
to be spent on public transport over two years, so what happens to the rest? Of
the £500m to be spend on public transport, the lion's share is expected to go to
London and it is not known how much, if anything, will be spent in the North.

AA regional policy director John Dawson says: "Petrol prices are suddenly 10pc
higher, but the public transport options are just as non-existent."

Following claims that the northern region could be losing big business
investment as a result of alleged roads infrastructure inadequacies, the AA
adds: "Every penny of the extra motoring tax must be spent on a workable roads
and transport system. More than 80pc of the price of petrol is tax, yet no
country in Europe spends so little of what it takes from motorists on its
transport system."

The AA says it is a disgrace that a decision to impose increased taxation of
billions of pounds can be instant, yet decisions to build life-saving by-passes
come about only after half a century of campaigning.

Cliff Thornton, finance director at North-East garage group Patterson Ford,
believes that rural dwellers will be among those hardest hit. He says they will
face significantly higher fuel costs, but will be unable to switch to smaller
low-powered vehicles because of the nature of their work and the location of
their homes.

"The £50m boost to the rural transport fund is an attempt to link rural areas
with their neighbouring towns and cities. Rural dwellers are car owners out of
necessity.

"They will not be encouraged to abandon their vehicles easily, especially not
until public transport is available to them as a 24-hour service, which will
never happen."

Mr Thornton believes that while some motorists may be encouraged to opt for
smaller-engined cars, few will be discouraged from buying larger vehicles at the
top end of the scale, such as the Explorer off-roader. "It may cause them to
pause momentarily before buying a vehicle with such a large engine, but if they
can afford the vehicle, then the petrol increase will not be a deciding factor."

Benfield marketing director David Collins says that the Budget will make no
difference whatsoever to his company's business. Motorists will simply absorb
the increases, albeit reluctantly, as they always do.

"It is a shame that motorists have become anaesthetised to fuel price increases
on this scale, but sadly it seems to be so.

"Whilst we welcome the reduction in road fund tax for energy-efficient cars, we
would hope that the deciding factor will not simply be engine capacity." Mr
Collins pointed out that great strides have been made in the development of
energy-efficient engines of all sizes, virtually all of which pollute far less
than older engines of half their size.

He says that if the Government is really serious about its green credentials, it
should tighten the MoT test and consider the introduction of scrappage
incentives for owners of older vehicles.

Vardy's David Williams said: "Yet again motorists are used as an easy target for
revenue raising, very little of which is for their benefit."

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Budget riddle: The Chancellor Gordon Brown leaves Downing Street for
the short drive to The House of Commons to present his Budget on Tuesday.

                Copyright 1998 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BCI ACQUIRES RURAL CABLE SYSTEM IN MISSISSIPPI;
SECOND MAJOR DEAL FOR PG PARENT FIRM

BYLINE: Jon Chavez, Block News Alliance

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-3

LENGTH: 460 words


Block Communications Inc. announced on Monday an agreement to acquire MetroCast
Mississippi, a rural cable system that provides cable television, telephone and
Internet services to more than 45,000 residential and business customers in 16
Mississippi counties.

The deal, which is expected to close by the end of the year, is subject to
franchise transfer approval by local municipalities and possibly other agencies.
Terms of the deal were not disclosed.

The deal marks the second major acquisition this month by Block Communications,
which also owns the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. Last week, the diversified media
holding company acquired Line Systems Inc., a suburban Philadelphia business
communications provider.

MetroCast Mississippi is a subsidiary of Harron Communications, LP, of Frazer,
Pa., a cable television operator that operates systems in nine states.

John Robinson Block, publisher the Post-Gazette and vice chairman of Block
Communications, said the Mississippi cable franchise is a modern cable system
that is mostly interconnected, will be entirely digital by year's end, and
provides the three modern cable-based services demanded by consumers - cable,
phone, and Internet. MetroCast also has an excellent reputation among its
customers, he added.

The purchase represents a "geographic diversification and a rural
diversification" for Block Communications. "I am optimistic this will be a good
opportunity for the company for the future," Mr. Block said.

MetroCast Mississippi serves customers throughout a 200-mile territory,
including two academic jewels of the state - the cities of Oxford, home to the
University of Mississippi, and Starkville, home to Mississippi State University.
Its service area also includes, Kosciusko, the birthplace of Oprah Winfrey, and
the county seats of Carthage, Holly Springs, Philadelphia, Booneville, Raleigh,
Iuka, Louisville, Houston, Decatur, Pontotoc, Forest and New Albany.

As of March 31, MetroCast has a service area of 100,000, including 61,000
primary service units. Primary service units include video, high-speed data, or
residential telephone customers. Some customers receive all three services.

Historically, the acquisition marks the first business investment in the South
for the Block family, owners of Block Communications, in 88 years.

In 1921, Mr. Block's grandfather, Paul Block, purchased the Memphis
News-Scimitar newspaper, whose coverage area extended into Mississippi.

In May, 1925, the News-Scimitar covered the exploits of Tom Lee, a 39-year-old
black man who used his small wooden skiff to save 32 passengers from a capsized
riverboat on the Mississippi River. Paul Block led a successful effort to have
Lee invited to the White House to receive an award from President Calvin
Coolidge.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Block News Alliance consists of the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and The Blade
of Toledo, Ohio. Jon Chavez is a reporter for The Blade.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            January 23, 2017 Monday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC Nunn Scott

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 711 words


One of the best gifts I received this Christmas was a history book entitled The
Country Church in North Carolina. (Yes, I m just that nerdy.) The author, a Duke
University specialist in rural sociology, began with a brief overview of the
state. Observing that the growth rate of North Carolina s largest cities was far
outstripping the rest of the state, Professor Jesse Marvin Ormond wrote that
rural institutions are not keeping up with the march of social progress  and
that  the result is that a social chasm between the ruralite and urbanite is
evident.

Ormond wrote this in 1931. But with a few tweaks of language and examples, his
argument could have been published last week. For decades, North Carolinians
have fretted about the growing divide between urban and rural areas. For
decades, their political leaders have promised to close it, usually without a
large effect on relative growth rates or differences in cultural norms.

That s not to say North Carolinians who live in places other than the largest
cities have had to endure decades of grinding poverty, cultural backwardness,
and deep despair. That s the kind of caricature drawn by passing tourists and
parachuting journalists who only see what fits their preconceived notions. Most
North Carolinians still live in places other than the largest cities. Most of
them like where they live, and the lives that they live there.

Of course there are places where the demise of traditional industries and other
economic factors have constrained opportunities for employment and pushed
residents to relocate to faster-growing areas. But there s nothing novel about
this. Historically, economies thrive not on stasis but on dynamic change, even
wrenching change.

North Carolinians responding to that change by leaving their traditional
communities aren t exactly flooding into uptown lofts and urban villages, in
case you haven t noticed. Most relocate to suburbs outside of downtowns, or to
the counties that ring the urban centers.

In politics, those who think statewide elections are won in Charlotte and
Raleigh are colloquially known as  losers.  Mecklenburg and Wake counties
together make up about one-fifth of the North Carolina electorate. That s a lot
of voters. But you want to win, you better figure out how to talk to the other
80 percent. And not all voters who live in Mecklenburg and Wake live in
Charlotte and Raleigh, or consider themselves to be urban voters.

In recent statewide contests, Democratic candidates have dominated the vote in
North Carolina s big cities. And they have usually lost. In the 2016 cycle, for
example, Hillary Clinton attracted 60 percent of urban voters. But nearly
two-thirds of North Carolinians who voted in 2016 lived in suburbs, small
cities, or rural communities. Most opted for Donald Trump.

Roy Cooper was the outlier, and his narrow victory actually makes the point.
While he did a little better than Clinton in the cities and better still in
suburbs, he outpolled her among rural North Carolinians by a solid five
percentage points, at 44 percent. Smart Democrats know that they can neither win
back a majority of statewide elective offices nor regain control of the General
Assembly   regardless of how district lines are drawn, or by whom   unless they
can rebuild their relationships with suburban and rural voters.

Does that mean coming up with practical, affordable ways to boost the economic
competitiveness of small towns while addressing the rapid suburbanization of
formerly rural counties such as Union, Iredell, Johnston, Harnett, Alamance, and
Davidson? Yes. But as I observed, the fates of these communities are only
partially determined by local and state policies. Politicians shouldn t
over-promise, even when they propose useful ideas such as improving education,
upgrading infrastructure, and lightening the regulatory burden on business
investment.

What the task would require, more than anything else, is more face time and less
condescension. If you exit the interstate looking for deplorables who cling
bitterly to their guns and religion, you will find voters who enjoy their
freedoms, cherish their relationships with God, and return your contempt measure
for measure.

John Hood is chairman of the Raleigh-based John Locke Foundation.



LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Hood

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

PM alerts MPs on crop insurance scheme

LENGTH: 514 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 2 -- Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday urged MPs to
ensure 'complete coverage' of farmers under the new Crop Insurance Scheme
launched by the BJP Government.

Briefly intervening in the NDA's Parliamentary Party meeting here, Modi said
each MP should take implementation of 'Fasal Bima Yojna' as a "challenge" in
respective constituencies.

BJP president Amit Shah, who presented bouquet to Prime Minister and Finance
Minister Arun Jaitley, lauded the duo for coming out with a 'Pro-farmer and
Pro-village' Budget which, he said, also contained various innovative reform
measures.

Jaitely said that the Government did not believe in 'seeking claps' from MPs by
proposing higher allocations for welfare schemes while presenting the Budget
only to cut them later 'as was done by the previous Government'.

Parliamentary affairs minister M Venkaiah Naidu said that some sections of
opposition were indulging in disinformation campaign and urged the NDA MPs to
counter it by informing the people of various initiatives and achievements of
the Government, armed with facts and figures in respect of the progress and
outcomes under various new schemes.

Naidu gave factual details of significant outcomes under 60 new initiatives of
the Government. He further said that NDA MPs would be briefed on another set of
60 such initiatives during the next meeting.

Referring to the opposition's criticism that a large number of accounts opened
under Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana were empty, Naidu stated that a record
20.72 cr accounts were opened of which over 10 crore accounts are in the name of
women. He further informed that these accounts have total deposits of Rs33,379
cr.

He made a detailed presentation on a range of schemes from farm sector to
financial inclusion, social security schemes to crop insurance, irrigation to
other infrastructure, MUDRA Bank to Make in India, empowerment of Dalits, women,
youth, rural development to victories in space, food grain management to
additional power generation, rural roads to air connectivity to smaller towns
and Swachh Bharat to Digital India.

Speaking on the highlights of the General Budget for 2016-17, Jaitely said it
was aimed at addressing rural distress while at the same time seeking to give a
fillip to economic growth by improving infrastructure and business and
investment climate. He expressed concern over the people not being adequately
'insured and pensioned' and said efforts are on to address these lacunae to
ensure social security for the needy.

He said that Government has enhanced public spending in critical areas to keep
up the growth momentum in the context of global economic challenges.

Briefing the NDA MPs on the business ahead in the Parliament, Naidu informed
that the Prime Minister would reply to the discussion on 'Motion of Thanks to
President for his Address to the MPs' on Wednesday in the Lok Sabha.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Breaking Down Barriers for Energy Efficiency Financing

LENGTH: 711  words

DATELINE: Washington


Alliance to Save Energy has issued the following press release:

During ICF International's Energy and Environment Breakfast event on October 23,
Kateri Callahan, president of the Alliance, and Gene Rodrigues, vice-president
of ICF, joined together to address important questions about the future of
energy efficiency. Participants asked the panelists to identify a few challenges
we may face while working towards the Energy 2030 goal. Both Callahan and
Rodrigues explained how developments in efficiency financing will be essential
in order to double our nation's energy productivity.

The energy industry finds itself at a crossroads. The sector is rapidly growing
with new technologies and job opportunities, yet there is a lack of economic
investment and political support at the local and federal level. In order to
overcome these challenges, the industry needs pioneering initiatives that will
establish the value and profitability of clean energy investments.
New York Green Bank

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo recently announced the first planned transactions of
the New York Green Bank, which will be finalized by the end of the year. The
initial transactions will fund seven new clean energy projects and are expected
to produce more than $800 million in investments across the state. The projects
are expected to result in an annual reduction of 575,000 tons of carbon dioxide,
comparable to removing 120,000 cars from the road or planting 15 million trees.

Funding has been a particularly challenging barrier for the advancement of
energy efficiency and the expansion of renewables. This $1 billion initiative
aims to accelerate clean energy deployments in New York by working in
partnership with the private sector to transform the financial market.
Traditionally, the private sector has been skeptical about financing green
energy projects as they are considered a high-risk investment due to the
currently evolving nature of the industry. NY Green Bank will facilitate market
growth for clean energy by paving the way for the development of a simple,
replicable business model that will ease investors' fears of entering an
unfamiliar market. Green banks across the nation will encourage lenders to take
the leap by raising large capitals, providing attractive interest rates and
other incentives.
USDA Rural Energy for America Program

Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack
announced the government's commitment to invest $68 million in 540 energy
projects through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). The Department of
Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) kicked off the initiative by
awarding more than $10.5 million to North Arkansas Electric Cooperative and
Roanoke Electric Membership Corporation.

Under this program, Rural Utilities Service borrowers will have the means to
invest in energy efficiency upgrades and convert to renewable energy sources. In
the same way that green banks help diminish risk associated with private sector
investments, government loans offset the upfront cost of energy improvements and
therefore reduce the barriers to residential and business adoption of clean
energy. Further, the initiative will support Obama's Climate Action Plan to
significantly reduce emissions and save consumers billions in electricity bills.
Overall, the funding will help strengthen the country's energy sector by
fostering local energy sources and increasing the nation's energy independence.
Good Business

Investments in the energy market are not only good for the community and the
environment, but they also make for great business. NY Green Bank and the USDA
program are two examples of efficiency financing that will help us achieve our
goals to increase energy productivity, promote economic growth and reduce
emissions.

These programs do not provide a "one-size fits all" solution to our energy
demands. Instead, they allow for each state to design solutions to fit dynamic
energy needs. Innovative and flexible tools are necessary to support our current
energy system, and these new financing opportunities are an excellent beginning
that will hopefully inspire further action.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

Breaking Down Barriers for Energy Efficiency Financing

LENGTH: 713  words


Washington, D.C.: Alliance to Save Energy has issued the following news release:

During ICF International's Energy and Environment Breakfast event on October 23,
Kateri Callahan, president of the Alliance, and Gene Rodrigues, vice-president
of ICF, joined together to address important questions about the future of
energy efficiency. Participants asked the panelists to identify a few challenges
we may face while working towards the Energy 2030 goal. Both Callahan and
Rodrigues explained how developments in efficiency financing will be essential
in order to double our nation's energy productivity.

The energy industry finds itself at a crossroads. The sector is rapidly growing
with new technologies and job opportunities, yet there is a lack of economic
investment and political support at the local and federal level. In order to
overcome these challenges, the industry needs pioneering initiatives that will
establish the value and profitability of clean energy investments.
New York Green Bank

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo recently announced the first planned transactions of
the New York Green Bank, which will be finalized by the end of the year. The
initial transactions will fund seven new clean energy projects and are expected
to produce more than $800 million in investments across the state. The projects
are expected to result in an annual reduction of 575,000 tons of carbon dioxide,
comparable to removing 120,000 cars from the road or planting 15 million trees.

Funding has been a particularly challenging barrier for the advancement of
energy efficiency and the expansion of renewables. This $1 billion initiative
aims to accelerate clean energy deployments in New York by working in
partnership with the private sector to transform the financial market.
Traditionally, the private sector has been skeptical about financing green
energy projects as they are considered a high-risk investment due to the
currently evolving nature of the industry. NY Green Bank will facilitate market
growth for clean energy by paving the way for the development of a simple,
replicable business model that will ease investors' fears of entering an
unfamiliar market. Green banks across the nation will encourage lenders to take
the leap by raising large capitals, providing attractive interest rates and
other incentives.
USDA Rural Energy for America Program

Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack
announced the government's commitment to invest $68 million in 540 energy
projects through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). The Department of
Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) kicked off the initiative by
awarding more than $10.5 million to North Arkansas Electric Cooperative and
Roanoke Electric Membership Corporation.

Under this program, Rural Utilities Service borrowers will have the means to
invest in energy efficiency upgrades and convert to renewable energy sources. In
the same way that green banks help diminish risk associated with private sector
investments, government loans offset the upfront cost of energy improvements and
therefore reduce the barriers to residential and business adoption of clean
energy. Further, the initiative will support Obama's Climate Action Plan to
significantly reduce emissions and save consumers billions in electricity bills.
Overall, the funding will help strengthen the country's energy sector by
fostering local energy sources and increasing the nation's energy independence.
Good Business

Investments in the energy market are not only good for the community and the
environment, but they also make for great business. NY Green Bank and the USDA
program are two examples of efficiency financing that will help us achieve our
goals to increase energy productivity, promote economic growth and reduce
emissions.

These programs do not provide a "one-size fits all" solution to our energy
demands. Instead, they allow for each state to design solutions to fit dynamic
energy needs. Innovative and flexible tools are necessary to support our current
energy system, and these new financing opportunities are an excellent beginning
that will hopefully inspire further action.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Breaking Down Barriers for Energy Efficiency Financing

LENGTH: 711  words

DATELINE: Washington


Alliance to Save Energy has issued the following press release:

During ICF International's Energy and Environment Breakfast event on October 23,
Kateri Callahan, president of the Alliance, and Gene Rodrigues, vice-president
of ICF, joined together to address important questions about the future of
energy efficiency. Participants asked the panelists to identify a few challenges
we may face while working towards the Energy 2030 goal. Both Callahan and
Rodrigues explained how developments in efficiency financing will be essential
in order to double our nation's energy productivity.

The energy industry finds itself at a crossroads. The sector is rapidly growing
with new technologies and job opportunities, yet there is a lack of economic
investment and political support at the local and federal level. In order to
overcome these challenges, the industry needs pioneering initiatives that will
establish the value and profitability of clean energy investments.
New York Green Bank

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo recently announced the first planned transactions of
the New York Green Bank, which will be finalized by the end of the year. The
initial transactions will fund seven new clean energy projects and are expected
to produce more than $800 million in investments across the state. The projects
are expected to result in an annual reduction of 575,000 tons of carbon dioxide,
comparable to removing 120,000 cars from the road or planting 15 million trees.

Funding has been a particularly challenging barrier for the advancement of
energy efficiency and the expansion of renewables. This $1 billion initiative
aims to accelerate clean energy deployments in New York by working in
partnership with the private sector to transform the financial market.
Traditionally, the private sector has been skeptical about financing green
energy projects as they are considered a high-risk investment due to the
currently evolving nature of the industry. NY Green Bank will facilitate market
growth for clean energy by paving the way for the development of a simple,
replicable business model that will ease investors' fears of entering an
unfamiliar market. Green banks across the nation will encourage lenders to take
the leap by raising large capitals, providing attractive interest rates and
other incentives.
USDA Rural Energy for America Program

Last week, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Secretary Tom Vilsack
announced the government's commitment to invest $68 million in 540 energy
projects through the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). The Department of
Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) kicked off the initiative by
awarding more than $10.5 million to North Arkansas Electric Cooperative and
Roanoke Electric Membership Corporation.

Under this program, Rural Utilities Service borrowers will have the means to
invest in energy efficiency upgrades and convert to renewable energy sources. In
the same way that green banks help diminish risk associated with private sector
investments, government loans offset the upfront cost of energy improvements and
therefore reduce the barriers to residential and business adoption of clean
energy. Further, the initiative will support Obama's Climate Action Plan to
significantly reduce emissions and save consumers billions in electricity bills.
Overall, the funding will help strengthen the country's energy sector by
fostering local energy sources and increasing the nation's energy independence.
Good Business

Investments in the energy market are not only good for the community and the
environment, but they also make for great business. NY Green Bank and the USDA
program are two examples of efficiency financing that will help us achieve our
goals to increase energy productivity, promote economic growth and reduce
emissions.

These programs do not provide a "one-size fits all" solution to our energy
demands. Instead, they allow for each state to design solutions to fit dynamic
energy needs. Innovative and flexible tools are necessary to support our current
energy system, and these new financing opportunities are an excellent beginning
that will hopefully inspire further action.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            December 6, 2010 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Superfast internet plan to aid economy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 132 words


THE Government is to spend £830 million in a drive to give the UK the best
broadband network in Europe by 2015.

Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt has launched the Britain's Superfast Broadband
Future action plan to create a "digital hub" in every community by the end of
this Parliament.

Linked to the nearest exchange by high-speed connections, the hubs would allow
communities to extend the internet network to every home. Mr Hunt said the plan
aimed to stimulate private sector investment and cut barriers to business
investment in the reliable and secure superfast network which ministers consider
vital to UK economic growth.

Ministers will invest £50 million in a second wave of pilot projects to test how
digital hubs can be extended to all communities, including those in remote rural
areas.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEM


                        Copyright 2010 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                          November 28, 2001, Wednesday

Buyers in deprived areas can save pounds 1,500 Property

BYLINE: By Andrew Sparrow Political Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 197 words

BUYERS will be able to save up to pounds 1,500 from Friday if they buy cheap
property in disadvantaged areas.

They will benefit from the Chancellor's decision to abolish stamp duty on
purchases worth up to pounds 150,000 in nearly 2,000 local authority wards.

The cut is designed to stimulate economic activity in unemployment blackspots by
making business investment more attractive. But house buyers will also qualify
for the exemption, which will affect some transactions in every region of the
UK.

In England and Scotland, the new rules will apply in 15 per cent of all wards.

However, in Wales and Northern Ireland, where there is much more poverty, the
stamp duty cut will be more widespread. Forty-two per cent of all wards in those
two areas will be affected.

The list of 2,000 disadvantaged communities includes most of the South Wales
valleys, large chunks of the North of England, inner city wards and some rural
areas.

But the Treasury has tried to achieve a balance: some communities in areas not
associated with deprivation also qualify, including three wards in Kensington
and Chelsea.  www.inlandrevenue.gov.uk/so
[PS]News: [ES]

Pre-Budget report:

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 Telegraph Group Limited


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Market strong, but bad news lurking

BYLINE: LUCY BATTERSBY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Trading Room; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 381 words


FRESH economic data suggests Australia may have beaten the odds and avoided a
technical recession in the first three months of this year, with the help of a
trade surplus, strong building approvals and rising rural commodity prices.

But economists say a recession later this year is unavoidable.

The sharemarket closed 1.6per cent higher on the news but was also buoyed by a
strong performance on Wall Street overnight.

The Reserve Bank board's decision to leave the target cash rate at 3 per cent
was largely anticipated, but RBA governor Glenn Stevens noted that business
investment was declining and suggested that rate cuts might be needed later in
the year to boost economic activity.

The sharemarket reached its highest intraday level since November, and closed at
its highest for the year at 3955.3points, a level last reached on October 24.

The materials index, dominated by mining companies, rose by 2.6 per cent
following a rise in global commodity prices based on strong manufacturing data
from the US and China.

BHP closed 96, or 2.6 per cent, higher at $36.70 a share, and Rio Tinto jumped
$2.67, or 4per cent, to $69.

Consumer discretionary stocks made strong gains, the sector rising 2.6 per cent.

The RBA's latest commodity price index showed the rural commodities sector had a
slight rise in May.

ANZ wrote in a note to clients that the current account deficit for the March
quarter was better than expected, narrowing by just under $1.7 billion to $4.6
billion, or 1.5 per cent of gross domestic product.

"This result was driven primarily by a huge trade surplus in the quarter of $5.1
billion, an improvement of $900 million, the largest trade surplus since records
began in 1959," ANZ said.

But there is bad news lurking beneath the good figures. JPMorgan chief economist
Stephen Walters said that even though GDP had not fallen in the March quarter,
conditions were recessionary.

"Unemployment is rising, firms are slashing investment, confidence is fragile,
and the Government is spending its treasure more quickly than at any time since
the 1970s," he said.

Another member of JPMorgan's economic team, Helen Kevans, said: "What we
actually saw was a massive slump in imports and that is what is allowing exports
to make a positive contribution to growth in the first quarter."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday
                              Australian2 Edition

Budget turmoil as GDP slumps

BYLINE: DAVID UREN ECONOMICS EDITOR

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 896  words


The nation's worst economic performance since the global financial crisis
threatens to upset the government's budget planning and force a reluctant
Reserve Bank to reconsider the case for further interest rate cuts.

The 0.5 per cent fall in GDP in the September quarter was much worse than either
Treasury or the Reserve Bank was predicting and reflects both continuing falls
in business investment and poor consumer spending.

Since June, the annual growth rate has dropped from 3.1 per cent to 1.8 per
cent, the weakest since 2009 in the heart of the crisis, and only the fourth
time the economy has contracted since the last -recession 25 years ago.

Scott Morrison acknowledged that the weak result would have a budget impact but
said the government had taken a conservative -approach to its forecasts and
remained committed to returning the budget to surplus in 2020-21.

Ratings agency S&P Global Ratings has said it will not tolerate any further
downgrade in budget forecasts when assessing the nat-ion's triple-A rating, but
rival agency Moody's said yesterday it believed the poor GDP result did not mark
the beginning of a weakening trend, and predicted investment would recover.

Following an election where the government campaigned on jobs and growth, the
Treasurer said the continuous fall in business investment over the past three
years was to blame for the contraction in the economy, which he -described as a
"wake-up call" about being complacent on economic growth.

"We can never take our growth for granted in this country, ever," Mr Morrison
said.

He made a plea for Labor to show the spirit of the Hawke and Keating governments
in supporting the Turnbull government's proposed company tax cuts and encourage
greater investment.

"Increasing business investment to drive jobs and earnings must continue to
remain the core goal of economic policy," he said.

"Driving investment is the challenge, getting capital out of its cave." Labor
Treasury spokesman Chris Bowen said the company tax cut would not have any
measurable effect on the economy for two decades and the government had to take
responsibility for the economic difficulty faced in much of Australia,
particularly regional and rural areas.

He said in previous quarters when the economy had contracted, there was a clear
reason such as floods in Queensland in 2011 or the 2008-09 financial crisis.

He said that this time there was "no excuse, no alibi".

"This is not jobs and growth," Mr Bowen said.

Both Mr Morrison and Mr Bowen avoided talk of a recession. "I'm not going to
utter the R-word lightly," Mr Bowen said. "We would hope, trust and â[#x20ac]¦
many of us pray that this is not the case." Mr Morrison said it would be
"unhelpfully speculative" to discuss those sorts of issues and he would "leave
that to the economists' dining room and they can debate that ad nauseam".

While the national accounts showed business investment was 9.7 per cent lower
than a year ago, the poor result also reflected the weakest growth in household
spending in the past three years, rising only 2.5 per cent compared with a
pre-crisis average growth rate of more than 4 per cent.

Small business also had a difficult quarter, with profits slumping 6 per cent.
Economists said the September quarter downturn was unlikely to foreshadow a
recession. Westpac chief economist Bill Evans said it was influenced by one-off
factors that would not be repeated, including wet weather in Victoria, which
depressed housing construction, and the federal election.

"The July federal election, which followed the longest campaign in recent times,
would have unnerved business and households," Mr Evans said.

Deutsche Bank chief economist Adam Boyton said if the economy was facing a
recession, unemployment would have been rising while business and consumer
confidence would be in free-fall. However, he said the softening in the economy
was serious enough to cause problems for both Treasury and the Reserve Bank.

The Coalition has delayed the release of its mid-year budget update until
December 19 to incorporate yesterday's results, which take in the first three
months of the budget year.

Mr Boyton said the key measure for tax revenue was nominal economic growth, or
the value of all goods and services produced. This was surprisingly weak,
growing just 0.5 per cent in the quarter, despite strong growth in coal and iron
ore prices.

With mining companies cutting investment and retrenching staff, he said the
improved export prices were not lifting incomes across the economy as they had
during the resources boom.

Inflation across households, business and governments had risen by only 0.1 per
cent in the quarter and 0.8 per cent in the year, and this would translate into
weaker federal tax receipts, Mr Boyton said.

The May budget predicted nominal growth of 4.25 per cent this year and 5 per
cent in 2017-18 while it anticipated an inflation rate of 2 per cent.

Mr Morrison said while there were "stresses" in the budget, some factors such as
commodity prices were moving in the right direction. "We are already taking a
pretty conservative approach going into this MYEFO," he said.Economists said the
biggest concern from the national -accounts was the weak growth in household
consumption, which has slowed sharply since March. Treasury and the RBA were
counting on households dipping into savings to raise spending, despite weak
income growth.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday
                               Australian Edition

Budget turmoil as GDP slumps

BYLINE: DAVID UREN ECONOMICS EDITOR

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 896  words


The nation's worst economic performance since the global financial crisis
threatens to upset the government's budget planning and force a reluctant
Reserve Bank to reconsider the case for further interest rate cuts.

The 0.5 per cent fall in GDP in the September quarter was much worse than either
Treasury or the Reserve Bank was predicting and reflects both continuing falls
in business investment and poor consumer spending.

Since June, the annual growth rate has dropped from 3.1 per cent to 1.8 per
cent, the weakest since 2009 in the heart of the crisis, and only the fourth
time the economy has contracted since the last -recession 25 years ago.

Scott Morrison acknowledged that the weak result would have a budget impact but
said the government had taken a conservative -approach to its forecasts and
remained committed to returning the budget to surplus in 2020-21.

Ratings agency S&P Global Ratings has said it will not tolerate any further
downgrade in budget forecasts when assessing the nat-ion's triple-A rating, but
rival agency Moody's said yesterday it believed the poor GDP result did not mark
the beginning of a weakening trend, and predicted investment would recover.

Following an election where the government campaigned on jobs and growth, the
Treasurer said the continuous fall in business investment over the past three
years was to blame for the contraction in the economy, which he -described as a
"wake-up call" about being complacent on economic growth.

"We can never take our growth for granted in this country, ever," Mr Morrison
said.

He made a plea for Labor to show the spirit of the Hawke and Keating governments
in supporting the Turnbull government's proposed company tax cuts and encourage
greater investment.

"Increasing business investment to drive jobs and earnings must continue to
remain the core goal of economic policy," he said.

"Driving investment is the challenge, getting capital out of its cave." Labor
Treasury spokesman Chris Bowen said the company tax cut would not have any
measurable effect on the economy for two decades and the government had to take
responsibility for the economic difficulty faced in much of Australia,
particularly regional and rural areas.

He said in previous quarters when the economy had contracted, there was a clear
reason such as floods in Queensland in 2011 or the 2008-09 financial crisis.

He said that this time there was "no excuse, no alibi".

"This is not jobs and growth," Mr Bowen said.

Both Mr Morrison and Mr Bowen avoided talk of a recession. "I'm not going to
utter the R-word lightly," Mr Bowen said. "We would hope, trust and â[#x20ac]¦
many of us pray that this is not the case." Mr Morrison said it would be
"unhelpfully speculative" to discuss those sorts of issues and he would "leave
that to the economists' dining room and they can debate that ad nauseam".

While the national accounts showed business investment was 9.7 per cent lower
than a year ago, the poor result also reflected the weakest growth in household
spending in the past three years, rising only 2.5 per cent compared with a
pre-crisis average growth rate of more than 4 per cent.

Small business also had a difficult quarter, with profits slumping 6 per cent.
Economists said the September quarter downturn was unlikely to foreshadow a
recession. Westpac chief economist Bill Evans said it was influenced by one-off
factors that would not be repeated, including wet weather in Victoria, which
depressed housing construction, and the federal election.

"The July federal election, which followed the longest campaign in recent times,
would have unnerved business and households," Mr Evans said.

Deutsche Bank chief economist Adam Boyton said if the economy was facing a
recession, unemployment would have been rising while business and consumer
confidence would be in free-fall. However, he said the softening in the economy
was serious enough to cause problems for both Treasury and the Reserve Bank.

The Coalition has delayed the release of its mid-year budget update until
December 19 to incorporate yesterday's results, which take in the first three
months of the budget year.

Mr Boyton said the key measure for tax revenue was nominal economic growth, or
the value of all goods and services produced. This was surprisingly weak,
growing just 0.5 per cent in the quarter, despite strong growth in coal and iron
ore prices.

With mining companies cutting investment and retrenching staff, he said the
improved export prices were not lifting incomes across the economy as they had
during the resources boom.

Inflation across households, business and governments had risen by only 0.1 per
cent in the quarter and 0.8 per cent in the year, and this would translate into
weaker federal tax receipts, Mr Boyton said.

The May budget predicted nominal growth of 4.25 per cent this year and 5 per
cent in 2017-18 while it anticipated an inflation rate of 2 per cent.

Mr Morrison said while there were "stresses" in the budget, some factors such as
commodity prices were moving in the right direction. "We are already taking a
pretty conservative approach going into this MYEFO," he said.Economists said the
biggest concern from the national -accounts was the weak growth in household
consumption, which has slowed sharply since March. Treasury and the RBA were
counting on households dipping into savings to raise spending, despite weak
income growth.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 26, 2014 Friday

Washington: Weekly Column: 2014, a Year of Action, Partnership and Innovation at
USDA

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Small Business Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:
Weekly Column: 2014, a Year of Action, Partnership and Innovation at USDA

This has been a tremendous year for the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the
rural families and communities we serve. Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden recently
shared a reflection on her most inspirational moments this year. I'm proud of
what we've accomplished at USDA over the course of this year, and I thought I'd
take a moment to share just a few of our top accomplishments.

Led what was widely called "the most successful Farm Bill implementation."

Farm Bill graphic
 After the passage of the Farm Bill early this year, USDA pressed ahead at full
speed to implement its programs and provisions, which have benefited America's
farmers, ranchers and rural communities. You can track our progress at
www.usda.gov/farmbill.
 Helped 146,000 rural Americans become first-time home buyers.

Image of a family behind their house

USDA has helped thousands of rural Americans achieve the dream of home
ownership, and helped countless more make critical repairs and upgrades to their
homes. Learn more at www.rurdev.usda.gov.
 Achieved a record $152.5 billion in farm and ranch exports that supported 1
million jobs here at home.

Image of a ship at dock
 America's farmers and ranchers achieved record exports yet again this year,
supported by Administration programs focused on opening markets abroad and
connecting potential exporters here at home with the resources they need to get
into the business of exporting. This year, we also launched the Made in Rural
America initiative, an effort to help rural businesses export non-farm products
made in rural communities.
 Launched new initiatives that take public-private partnership to the next level
in rural America.

A man with a NRCS employee
 Over the course of 2014, USDA launched several new initiatives, including the
$10 billion Rural Infrastructure Opportunity fund, the Regional Conservation
Partnership Program, and the $150 million Rural Business Investment Company,
that leverage funding from private sector investors to build on USDA's own
investments in conservation, infrastructure, and small businesses, and expand
opportunity in rural communities. Learn more at www.usda.gov/opportunity.
 Served more than 187 million summer meals to low-income kids, an increase of
more than 14 percent since 2009.

Image of a girl smiling with orange glasses at lunch
 During the summer months, USDA's summer meals help make sure that kids get the
nutrition they need even when school is not in session. With strong support from
local partners, we've reached a record number of kids and ensured that they
begin the next school year healthy and ready to learn. Learn more at
www.fns.usda.gov/sfsp.
 Filed 109 patent applications for innovative products and techniques developed
by USDA researchers.

Image of Secretary Vilsack looking into a microscope
 Groundbreaking research conducted by USDA scientists ends up on your plate, in
your home and as the clothes on your back. Their discoveries in the lab
translate into science you can see. And thanks to the new Farm Bill, USDA was
able to establish the new Foundation for Food and Agricultural Research, which
will leverage public and private resources to further boost agricultural
research. For more stories on how USDA research impacts your everyday life,
visit blogs.usda.gov/category/science.

The list above is just a small snapshot--after all, it's hard to choose just a
few success stories from a year where we moved more than $4.3 billion in
critical disaster assistance to thousands of producers; answered nearly 1.3
million questions to help consumers stay food safe; made 340 investments in
local food infrastructure and launched a series of new web directories designed
to connect consumers with farmers markets, on-farm markets, CSAs and food hubs;
provided more than 3,500 microloans to help beginning and veteran farmers grow
their businesses; and lessened the threat of wildfires to communities by
treating 1.7 million acres of forest land. This has truly been a year of action,
partnership and innovation at USDA, and I know that as we look ahead to 2015,
USDA will continue to focus on making a positive impact in rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            December 12, 2008 Friday

£236,000 Grant Will Help Butcher Expand

BYLINE: Iain Laing

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 410 words


CHRISTMAS has come early for a County Durham catering butchery business after it
won a grant for an expansion that will create new supply opportunities for
farmers.

Mike Fenwick Quality Catering Butchers in Newton Aycliffe, which supplies meat
to hotels, restaurants, pubs and caterers, has landed a £236,000 investment  to
increase its capacity in a move to larger premises.

The relocation to  Aycliffe Industrial Park in Darlington will mean the firm can
source beef, pork and lamb directly from local farmers   increasing quality and
offering products that can be fully traced for both catering customers and a
shop within the expanded business.  The investment will also help the company
create new jobs and buy new machinery so  it can  cure its own bacon and provide
a whole range of cooked meats.

Owner Mike Fenwick said: "We're really pleased and excited about the move, which
is the culmination of a lot of hard work over the last eight months and will set
up the business for the future.

"With so many firms having such a tough time at the moment, it's reassuring that
we've been able to secure this financial support for a project that will create
new jobs and help us expand our product range. Our orders are well up on last
year and the Christmas rush is as busy as ever, so we're looking forward to the
move in the New Year."

The business is currently running at full capacity at its existing base, so a
move to new premises is needed to enable future growth.

The new 10,000 square foot base on Hurworth Road will allow the company to make
its production processes more efficient with larger fridges and freezers, new
sausage-making machinery and meat dicing equipment to produce large volumes more
quickly.

It will also offer new services including a retail section to sell complementary
products from farmers such as jams, chutneys and cheeses and a meat counter. The
relocation and launch of the additional activities are expected to be completed
next year, creating a number of new jobs.

The cash is from the Rural Development Programme for England. Investment is
jointly funded by the European Union and Defra, and is managed in the region by
One North East.

ONE rural board member Ian Brown, said: "At a time when many businesses are
finding it more difficult to access finance for growth, it's fantastic to see
RDPE helping a successful business to expand, creating new jobs and opening more
opportunities for farms throughout the supply chain."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

Zoning decision key to residents' future Council's actions 'came as a shock to
many people'

BYLINE: Helen Murdoch

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 615 words


For the past year, residents in the predominantly rural Headingly Lane have been
paying high mixed business rates because the zoning on their land was changed to
mixed business.

Now they are waiting on the outcome of a public consultation process which, for
some, will ultimately decide if they can afford to stay in their homes.

About 14 property owners in the Lower Queen St-Headingly Lane area of Richmond
began lobbying Tasman District Council last year for rates relief after the
deferred mixed business zoning over their land was lifted in 2011 when a
sewerage line was laid to service part of the planned Richmond West development.

They said council staff told them the rezoning from rural to mixed business
would not change their rates.

But post-rezoning revaluations by Quotable Value saw their property values rise
up to 270 per cent.

The council, which initially discussed the issue and concluded there was no way
forward, decided late last year any relief would be subject to a public process.

The council has put two proposals in its annual plan, which is open for public
submission.

One would see affected residents' rates postponed.

They would be required to pay their property's pre-rezoning rates and the annual
difference would accrue, with interest and administration fees, to be paid in
full on their death or the sale of the home.

Rates remission would see residents pay their pre-rezoning rate level and the
annual difference spread across the general ratepayers.

Paula Brodie, whose elderly mother lives next door to 85-year- old Eve Horder,
said they believed the rates postponement policy would disadvantage residents as
it could be many years before their properties sold, at which time the accruing
rates could exceed the final sale price.

There was scant investor interest in the now-mixed business land and it could be
20 years before there was any buyer interest.

The situation had come about through poor council planning, a failure of
planners to consider current business investment market conditions and the
re-zoning of too much land.

Mrs Brodie said she and Mrs Horder could understand the council's point of view.

"But any final policy has to be fair to residents."

Mrs Horder said she did not want the debt of interest hanging over her under the
proposed postponement policy.

The council should have considered the time lapse between the land's re-zoning
and likely uptake from developers.

Mrs Brodie said neither policy would have been needed, had the council lifted
the zoning deferment on the land when investor interest was there. "There would
not be a problem if it had been planned properly," she said.

She said many in the wider community had been shocked by the council's actions
and now incorrectly thought the situation had been resolved.

"But for us it is only just beginning because there is no guarantee either
policy will be adopted."

Revaluations by Quotable Value had seen small capital value reductions and
minimal falls in some rates, she said.

Mrs Brodie said communities in other areas faced re-zoning under council plan
changes and there needed to be a robust policy to ensure other ratepayers were
not disadvantaged.

Tasman district mayor Richard Kempthorne said the council was consulting with
ratepayers over proposed rates remission and-or postponement policies through
the annual plan process.

The final decision, which would made by the council on the back of public
submissions, would come into force by the start of the new financial year, he
said.

No rates already paid would be refunded under either policy, he said.

Mr Kempthorne said residents knew the process was under way and some had
attended the council's public forums to express their views.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Financial independence on four legs; Entrepreneurs In Developing Communities
Save For The Future

BYLINE: Peter Chiykowski, The Starphoenix

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. G4

LENGTH: 435 words


Daisy Barengetuny is beaming as she holds up her goat for the visitors who have
come to see her small shop in East Africa's Maasai Mara. In just three years the
young entrepreneur, now 23, built her business from the ground up. The scrappy
little animal filling her arms was an important part of her family's journey to
economic independence.

"I want to give my daughter the education I never had," says Daisy.

With seven brothers and sisters and a family too poor to send her to high
school, Daisy turned to Free The Children to gain business and investment
smarts. She saved money with local savings and loan groups until she had enough
to purchase a small shop, and then herd of goats.

"I saw that life is hard. But if you work hard, you can end up successful."

In rural communities in East Africa and around the world, goats work like bank
accounts. You buy one when you have money saved, sell or drink its milk as
interest, then sell it later at an increased value. With a goat and financial
literacy training, a woman can save for school fees, medicine, home
improvements, emergency funds or seed money for small businesses.

A goat is financial independence on four legs, but they aren't the only tools
available to families living in Free The Children's partner communities. The
international charity adapts its alternative income programs to match local
skill sets, economic conditions and geography.

In the rolling foothills of the Andes, 14-year-old Fanny Baltazar Carcia Aulla
raises sheep to pay for clothes and bus fare for school. In the dusty hills of
India's desert state of Rajasthan, 45-year-old Khuman Singh raises buffalo to
send his 10 daughters and three sons to school.

These entrepreneurs span three continents and three decades of age difference,
but they have one thing in common: they are fiercely proud of their work. They
smile the moment a visitor to the community asks them about their flocks.

When it comes down to it, goats, sheep and buffalo are more than just pieces of
property. They're proof that their owners have the agricultural skill and
financial independence to provide for their families. It's better than having a
Ferrari in the garage; the Ferrari doesn't put food on the table week after
week.

Right now Daisy is paying for her younger sisters to attend high school and
saving to send her three-year-old daughter all the way to college. Goats were
her first measure of progress. Today, she also owns cows and three acres of corn
fields. At age 23, she just might be her community's first hotshot livestock
broker. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Women in rajasthan, India, proudly display their goats - animals that
allow them to save for their families' future.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 21, 2011 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Broad access to technology needed

BYLINE: Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 254 words


Aug. 21--Local celebrations likely were touched off by the news that Indiana
University and the city of Bloomington are among a growing list of participants
in a project called Gig.U, which would build commercial Internet connections
hundreds of times faster than what is currently available.

Who wouldn't want the super-fast connectivity that could foster economic growth,
provide an edge in research, improve health and safety and who knows what else?
For Bloomington and IU, the project has great promise.

But there is a contrarian issue that should be noted when considering such an
undertaking, and that is the gap between those who have access to information
and technology, and those who don't. A strong focus must continue to be placed
on connecting struggling small towns and rural areas. Those areas have been less
insulated from recent economic woes than university communities, for instance,
and are less and less competitive when it comes to attracting business and
investment.

The Gig.U project has great potential for Bloomington and IU, but efforts must
continue to expand access to a broader base of people as well as enhance access
to those already well connected.

To see more of the Herald-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldtimesonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Herald-Times,
Bloomington, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110821-BM-EDITORIAL-Broad-access-to-technology-needed-0821-20110821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2011 Herald-Times


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                            December 6, 2010 Monday
                                  1ST Edition

Superfast Broadband network

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 168 words


THE Government is to spend pounds 830m in a drive to give the UK the best
broadband network in Europe by 2015, it was announced today.

An action plan entitled Britain's Superfast Broadband Future, published by
Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt, sets out the ambition to create a "digital hub"
in every community in the country by the end of this Parliament.

Linked to the nearest exchange by high-speed connections, the hubs would allow
communities to extend the internet network to every home.

Mr Hunt said the plan aimed to stimulate private sector investment and cut
barriers to business investment in the reliable and secure superfast network
which ministers regard as vital to the UK's economic growth.

Ministers will invest pounds 50m in a second wave of pilot projects to test how
digital hubs can be extended to all communities, including those in remote rural
areas.

And there will be moves to cut the costs of access to communications
infrastructure and new awards of 800MHz and 2.6GHz spectrum.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2010 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              March 2, 1997 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

Machinery versus jobs;
Farming Business

BYLINE: NSW FARMERS' ASSOCIATION

SECTION: STATEWIDE; Pg. 97

LENGTH: 663 words


THE ongoing pressure of the NSW Farmers' Association for micro-economic reform
was supported by the chief economist of the Macquarie Bank, Bill Shields, at the
1997 Outlook Conference of the Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource
Economics.

Mr Shields said that reducing high unemployment was the principal economic
challenge for Australia but that with low inflation - and lower interest rates
versus the cost of employing people - capital investment in labour-saving
equipment and technology was being encouraged to the detriment of job creation.
He was optimistic about the Australian economic outlook, "however, that optimism
will only be fully realised if there is a willingness on the part of
governments, business and the community generally to continue to implement
comprehensive economic reforms".

Internationally, slightly stronger and more balanced growth was predicted among
the major industrial economies with most growing by 2 to 2.5 per cent, combined
with improved growth rates in Asia of 7.5 to 8pc. This growth will benefit
Australia most directly through higher commodity prices, comparing favourably
with the unchanged levels on 1996. Commodity prices should rise about 3.5pc in
1997, although metals are expected to outperform farm commodities. This firmness
should sustain the Australian dollar at about 82c by the end of 1997.

Mr Shields pointed out that the share of both exports and imports in the level
of overall economic activity has risen to 20pc, from 15pc at the start of the
1980s before economic deregulation.

In some sectors, such as motor vehicles, those shares are significantly higher,
underlining the fact that we have little or no choice but to become more
internationally competitive. As in previous years, the performance of the
economy in 1997 will largely be determined by domestic factors.

"The key influences will be variations in the composition of economic activity
and in consumer preference," Mr Shields said. "The interaction of the two
influences has characterised the economy's performance over the past few years,
in particular, accelerating structural change in the 1990s is a major reason for
the erratic nature of the recovery from recession in 1990-91." The total of all
private demand (consumption plus business investment plus housing construction)
recovered in 1996 with a 4.5pc growth after slowing sharply in 1995, due mainly
to a jump in business investment. This was due to lower and more stable interest
rates (both nominal and real) and with inflation to remain low during 1997 these
rates will remain stable. This will support further expansion in business
investment and reinforce the recovery in housing that emerged late last year.

Consumer spending is likely to be more of a restraining influence on private
demand this year. Despite rising household disposable income, spending slowed
through 1996, possibly reflecting a lack of job security. Recent mortgage rate
cuts will help support moderate growth in consumer spending. These factors
should combine to see a 5pc growth in private demand in 1997, significantly up
on economic growth which should be about 4pc.

There will be a positive contribution to economic growth from government
spending. This is despite federal restraint, which will be more than offset by
rising State expenditure. Mr Shields said there was more to this growth than the
effect of interest rates on the business cycle. Notable was the apparent
imbalance between business investment and private consumption which is
reflecting the significant structural changes occurring across the Australian
economy.

For example, business investment is being driven by the need to be more
competitive locally and internationally, including in manufacturing which was
most affected by the slowdown in demand in 1995.

Structural change can also have negative consequences as business operations
become more capital intensive. This is a trend across the economy that has been
led by the rural sector.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1997 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            August 16, 2012 Thursday

Louisiana Bond Commission to Review Road Bonds

BYLINE: Jim Watts

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 121 No. 158

LENGTH: 242  words


The Louisiana State Bond Commission Thursday will review the first tranche from
a new state bond program to finance upgrades of state roads in rural areas.

The bonds are supported by half of the revenue in the State Highway Improvement
Fund.

A law passed by the 2012 Legislature authorized the bonds to fund state roads
not eligible for federal highway assistance.

Lawmakers approved $325 million of bonds for the three-year program, which will
receive $75 million of state revenues directly from the highway fund. The fund
also receives $50 million to $60 million a year from driver's license fees and
commercial vehicle registrations.

Plans call for the bonds to be issued in tranches of $100 million in fiscal 2013
and 2014, and $125 million in 2015.

The Bond Commission in June authorized the state to seek underwriters and bond
counsel for the road bond program. At the time, Treasurer John Kennedy, chairman
of the commission, urged the Department of Transportation and Economic
Development to sell the bonds quickly due to low interest rates.

Gov. Bobby Jindal said the initial $150 million will allow the state to
modernize 360 miles of road in 80 projects as well as repair more than 1,100
miles in rural parishes.

"These investments will upgrade roads that in some cases have not been repaired
in 30 years to help make our state more attractive for new business investments,
and most importantly, to make our roads safer for our families," Jindal said.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Barbecue ends season for NE Derry Group

LENGTH: 209  words


The North East Derry Group ended its year with a family barbecue held on
Saturday night at Richard Irwins' farm.

The night was a great success with 100 members taking part and the bouncy castle
proved very popular with all who attended, young and old.

Money was raised through an auction for Kilrea YFC and their nominated
charities, Cancer Research and Parkinsons disease and we wish to thank all the
enthusiastic bidders.

The group wishes to thank Richard and Janice Irwin for providing an excellent
venue and the effort they went to to make everyone feel welcome. Thanks also go
to the sponsors for the donations and Kilrea YFC for all their hard work.

The first group meeting is scheduled for Thursday 22nd October 2015, at the
GADDA in Garvagh, where a representative from DARD Rural Development team will
give a presentation on the Farm Business Investment Scheme.All members will
receive a winter programme in the post before this date.

NE Derry cereal competition took place in July with the following winners;
Wheat, 1st Charles Acheson, 2nd Richard Dempsey, 3rd Mark McCollum.

Oats, 1st Richard Thompson

Spring Barley; 1st Charles Acheson, 2nd Richard Thompson, 3rd Robert Glen

Winter Barley, 1st Robert Glen, 2nd Mark McCollum, 3rd Charles Acheson.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Setting up breeding farm a big commitment

BYLINE: Joe M. Thomson

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 209 words


Just so Finance Minister Dwight Duncan knows, setting up a breeding farm is a
long-term commitment. It is not something that is done overnight.

How much does it cost the government to replace the $2 billion per year in goods
and services with 80 per cent of the money being spent in the rural and
agriculture communities? Or the 31,441 full-time jobs or the 60,000 employed
Ontarians that are either part-time or seasonal, or the $1.5 billion in wages
and salaries and finally the purchase of all the goods and services used by
farms that support the local communities.

The way Duncan throws around numbers, I am sure he could have done a much better
job of exaggerating these numbers.

Of course we need to protect our schools and hospitals but we also need to
preserve our businesses and farm lands. Perhaps Duncan, as a politician and
administrator, doesn't understand the theory of private business and
investments.

I'm sure all the people who invested with Bernie Madoff would not have done so
had they known ahead of time that the terms of the deal were going to change and
that they would be screwed out of their investment.

Does that sound like something that Duncan has proposed in his shell game?

Who said I was wealthy?

Joe M. Thomson,

Phoenixville, Pa.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 18, 2005 Tuesday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

QSR closes a deal for venture capital

BYLINE: By RACHEL MELCER Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 356 words


Quick Study Radiology Inc., which recently graduated from a Creve Coeur business
incubator to its own downtown suite, said Monday it has closed on $2 million in
venture capital.

The round of funding, led by Advantage Capital Partners of Clayton, will allow
QSR to fulfill a backlog, take on new customers and make it to profitability
this year, said Chief Executive Skip Sallee.

"This round validates that our model is working," he said.

QSR provides Internet-based digital radiology systems to small, community
hospitals that cannot afford to buy their own computer equipment and hire
information-technology staff, said Sallee, a physician who comes from tiny Ava,
Mo.

With a standard five-year, pay-as-you-go QSR contract, the only capital cost is
establishing a high-speed Internet connection -- and an increasing number of
rural hospitals are able to tap government grants to cover that expense, he
said.

QSR has signed 15 customers and expects "a lot of growth" in the first half of
this year, Sallee said.

Scott Zajac, managing director of Advantage Capital, said these recent sales
persuaded his firm to invest $1.35 million in QSR's fourth round of venture
funding. Other investors in the new round include Prolog Ventures of Clayton,
Schroder Ventures Life Sciences of Boston and others that previously had funded
QSR.

"Not only does QSR's model look like a good idea . . . but people are using it,
they liked it and they are referring it to other people," Zajac said.

In order to qualify for funding by Advantage Capital, which targets
underdeveloped areas, QSR had to move to the city. It was ready to leave the
Nidus Center for Scientific Enterprise incubator when an ideal space became
available, Zajac said. QSR took over a vacant data center and office suite at
the Laclede Center, 720 Olive Street, which was well equipped to handle its
high-tech needs.

"We really like to find businesses . . . for whom the city location makes sense,
and they're not just moving for the money," Zajac said.

Sallee said his company plans to hire about five people this year, and the
Laclede Center office has plenty of room to accommodate growth.

mdl

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo
 PHOTO headshot - (Skip) Sallee ". . . Our model is working."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

DelGro plans to clear out of properties

                               September 12, 1998

Tammy Tan


It will stop new investments and aims to sell existing projects after setting
aside $ 152m for potential losses

MAINBOARD-LISTED DelGro Corporation aims to get out of the property business,
both locally and overseas, after taking a massive $ 151.6 million provision at
half-time for potential property losses.

"What we are doing is to clear the decks and start on a clean slate," said
chairman Wong Hung Khim in a statement accompanying its interim results
yesterday.

The group said it would "freeze all new investments in property", while
reviewing projects in its property portfolio with the intention of disposing of
them at the appropriate time.

Besides local properties like the Garlick Avenue project, DelGro has property
arms in London, China, the Philippines and Indonesia.

The news came a day after the group announced the departure of Mr Chua Soo Tian,
the man it had recruited to spearhead its drive into property.

DelGro, known formerly as Singapore Bus Service (1978), booked a massive loss of
$ 151.6 million for the six months to June, compared to a $ 31.9 million profit
in the same period last year.

The group also made a provision of $ 24.4 million for the diminution in value of
portfolio investments. It said the poor performance was due to sharp declines in
the property business, investments and other income.

Higher revenue of $ 421 million was due mainly to the transport business, which
saw a 17 per cent rise in turnover.

Said Mr Wong: "The transport business has always been important to us and it is
where our core competence lies. We hope with this, our shareholders and
investors will look at us differently and see us as primarily a transport
group."

The Straits Times understands that DelGro plans to hive off all property
projects, both locally and overseas -through the sale of land or completed
projects.

A source said "the group doesn't want to be pressured into having to sell at a
low price. There is no time frame for the planned exit".

He said the decision to divest all property projects was not a "financial one"
but rather strategic. "It is not because the group is cash-strapped and needs to
repay loans or anything like that. The decision to get out of property is really
strategic, because the management has realised its core competence is in
transport."

DelGro reassured its investors that it remained "financially sound". DelGro's
interim loss per share of $ 1.03 compared to earnings per share of 21 cents
previously. Net tangible asset backing per share fell to $ 4.42 from $ 5.44.

An interim dividend of 1.25 per cent was recommended.

The group said the decision to refocus on the transport business would continue
to be supported firmly by its engineering arm.

SECTION: Money; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 459 words

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1998 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Nottingham Post

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Increase in rates relief is crucial

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 22-23

LENGTH: 567  words


YESTERDAY'S Autumn Statement was viewed by the small business community as
modest and medium-term.

FSB members are pleased with the confirmation of plans to reduce business rates
by £6.7 billion, and the decision to make rural rate relief fairer for small
firms. We welcome the Government responding to our calls to increase investment
in local roads and digital connectivity to help rebalance the UK economy.

We also back the £2 billion per year boost for research, development and
innovation, plans to improve management skills, the £400 million to improve
small business finance through the British Business Bank, and the doubling of
export finance.

The latter is vital as we need to reach new markets in the wake of the Brexit
decision.

Yesterday's statement is modest and for the medium term.

There will need to be stronger fiscal interventions to boost the economy next
year, with the prospect of weaker longer-term growth looming. Small firms want
to grow, export, innovate, recruit and be more productive - and they need to
know as soon as possible the framework they will operate in.

We also call for ministers to act to bring down the costs of doing business. The
moves to tighten conditions for the self-employed must also be followed up with
help to give them parity in benefits so the UK's army of genuine self-employed
people will continue to grow.

The Government's confirmation to permanently increase business rates relief will
provide crucial support for small businesses. This will take 600,000 small firms
out of the rates system altogether and means lower bills for many thousands
more.

FSB has campaigned on this issue for many years and we are delighted that from
April 1 next year small businesses will start to benefit. We are particularly
pleased to see that the Government listened to our calls to give rural
businesses 100 percent  relief on rates.

The new £23 billion National Productivity Investment Fund announced today will
help drive important improvements in productivity across the UK. Increased
investment in transport, digital communications, housing and research and
development (R&D) are all key priorities for businesses.

Many small businesses view problems with the local road network as a key barrier
to growth and this is especially true in rural communities. The £1.1 billion in
additional funding for the upgrade and maintenance of roads outside the
Strategic Road Network should help deliver real benefits to small firms. This is
a key win for our members who have consistently raised this issue. A further
£220 million set to be invested in pinch points on the motorway network will
also address frustration and delays.

In terms of Digital communications, the £1 billion funding announcement is an
important step in the right direction to improve digital connectivity with three
in four (75 percent) small firms saying broadband is vital to their business.
This investment should be targeted towards small businesses and business parks
to have maximum impact.

This investment is a welcome and timely development, and should help lead to
faster broadband speeds across the UK. Beyond this investment, it is also
important the new Universal Service Obligation includes business premises to
help those in the most hard to reach areas. A strategy is now needed to help
businesses take full advantage of the digital economy which will help improve
productivity and growth.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Morning News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

New enterprise zones to 'unlock potential' of farming industry

SECTION: NEWS:ENVIRONMENT; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 404  words


Two areas of the South West are in line for Government grant support of up to
£50,000 each to boost businesses connected with food production.

Defra Secretary Liz Truss has announced the creation of Food Enterprise Zones in
Somerset and Cornwall as part of a package of measures to grow the British food
industry.

The Secretary of State said: "Food Enterprise Zones will help unlock the
potential of local food and farming businesses, boosting local economies and
attracting more investment. Consumers both here and abroad want to buy Great
British food.

"These zones will ensure we can grow more top quality produce and expand our
food industry, which is worth more than £100 billion a year to the UK economy -
more than cars and aerospace combined.

"Food and farming is at the heart of our long-term economic plan and vital to
securing Britain's economic future."

The announcement was enthusiastically welcomed in Cornwall where food and
farming employs 33% of the local population and is worth more than £1.5 billion
a year.

Sandra Rothwell, chief executive of the Cornwall and Isles of Scilly LEP, said:
"We know from setting up an enterprise zone with a local development order at
Newquay Cornwall Airport that it can speed up investment and job creation.

"It makes sense to create something similar for the food sector and we are
pleased our bid has been accepted."

In Somerset, the Heart of the South West LEP was behind the bid for Food
Enterprise Zone status and plans to create a new food business centre at the
Bath and West Showground, Shepton Mallet.

Helena Davidson, communications manager for the LEP, said: "The Royal Bath and
West Showground site is already an important regional venue attracting over one
million visitors a year.

"The additional investment will facilitate an additional eight to 10 hectare
site to   be developed with potential   to accommodate up to   23,000 sq metre
of commercial premises for food and rural enterprises.

"As well as encouraging   new business investment and growth, Heart of the South
West LEP and our partners at Mendip District Council aim is to create a centre
of excellence for agri-tech and rural innovation at the showground site.

"This announcement is the latest success in our delivery of the key aims in the
Heart of the South West LEP's Strategic Economic Plan: Creating the conditions
for growth, maximising employment opportunities and building on our
distinctiveness."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Concord Times (Freetown)

                            February 15, 2010 Monday

Koroma Hails Multi-Million-Dollar Biofuel Investment

BYLINE: Sheka Tarawallie

LENGTH: 702  words

DATELINE: Freetown


President Ernest Bai Koroma has on Tuesday 9th February 2010 hailed the
large-scale agricultural investment of the Swiss-based Energy Corporation, Addax
& Oryx Holdings BV and its Sierra Leone subsidiary Addax Bioenergy Sierra Leone
Limited (ABSL).

Delivering the keynote address at a ceremony organized for the signing of a
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)  between the government and the group at the
project site at Lungi Acre in the Makarie/Gbanti chiefdom, Bombali District,
northerner Sierra Leone, President Koroma said, "Today is a very special day for
me, the government, and people of Sierra Leone, especially the people of Bombali
and Tonkolili districts, particularly those in the Makari/Gbanti, Malal Mara and
Bombali Shebora chiefdoms" where the project is located.

He said the signing of the MOU was effectively giving the go-ahead for
operations to resume. He said it's a big day for the government because the
signing ceremony underlined his administration's commitment to ensuring that its
pronounced policy of encouraging the private sector to take the lead in economic
growth in Sierra Leone takes root. He furthered that the international
reputation of both the Addax group and its bankers, willing to sign and bring in
such huge investment to Sierra Leone, shows that the environment is conducive
for anyone to do business. The investment underlines stability and orderliness
in investing in Sierra Leone.

The President said this is the biggest agricultural project ever in the history
of Sierra Leone with an approximated investment of $400 million in a couple of
years: "When we talk about diversifying and investing in agriculture, this
project sends a clear message to all that we back our intentions with actions."
He said the irrigation techniques introduced through the project would be of
immense importance to agricultural productivity in Sierra Leone generally when
such techniques would have been adopted nationwide.

The project has the potential of being the number one employer in agriculture,
as it would recruit about 4,000 employees when fully operational.

Apart from promoting agriculture, it would also bring much-needed boost in
energy, as it would generate about 30 megawatts of electricity to be supplied
into the national grid, eventually addressing the energy situation in both
Freetown and the rural areas.

The President also highlighted the advantages of the bio-fuel (ethanol) that
would be produced, as it would lessen dependence on crude oil, even as vehicles
and other machinery could use ethanol to run their engines.

The project would also certainly lessen the price of sugar as it would produce
lots of sugar for the local market.

President Koroma paid special tribute to the Addax group's Chief Executive for
believing in Sierra Leone, noting that his presence and contribution to the
November trade and investment forum in London were glaring, and encouraging him
to invest more in the country.

The President thanked Addax Country Representative Vincent Kanu whose friendship
with the CEO, lasting over twenty years, has led to this investment. He also
thanked the land owners for seeing reason and giving up their land for the
benefit of the whole country. The Head of State also appreciated the efforts of
various government officials and departments including the Ministries of
Agriculture, Trade, Finance, and Energy who all signed on behalf of government.
He urged all and sundry to work together in ensuring that the project succeeds,
so that "we will have a complete story to tell."

The President ended by saying that he is eager for results, desperate to change
the life of the ordinary man: "This country has been left behind for far too
long and we need to move on fast. I don't want to look back at my presidency and
say I had intentions but no actions," while hoping that full operations would
start this year.

The occasion was chaired by the Minister of Agriculture Dr. Sam Sesay, while
various statements were delivered by stakeholders, including Addax Group's CEO,
the Member of Parliament of the area, the Paramount Chief and the Private Sector
Adviser to the President. Te vote of thanks was given by Mr. Vincent Kanu,
Addax's Country Representative.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Textile exchange launches organic cotton assessment tool

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


National Textile Corporation has issued the following order:


Textile Exchange a non-profit organization committed to the responsible
expansion of textile sustainability across the global textile value chain has
launched its own Organic Cotton Sustainability Assessment Tool (OC-SAT), which
looks at the impacts of organic cotton based on the results of questionnaires
sent to organic cotton producers. The data (from producer groups) feeds into an
online tool (OC-SAT), although this is not interactive as the name suggests,
i.e., users can navigate but not enter or play with data themselves; it does
contain useful background information on topics although of course it is not a
required tool for certification. Data for the assessment tool comes from 14
countries, of which eight are included in this report (Benin, Burkina Faso,
Mali, Senegal, Tanzania, China, India and Turkey), with 36 surveys completed
between 2011 and 2013. The data is organized under the usual triple bottom line
division of environmental, economic and social aspects, with a framework based
on existing frameworks such as COSA and ISEAL, FAO SAFA Guidelines, and so on.

The environmental aspect looks at water, soil and pest management, biodiversity
and climate change, while the social includes food security, decent work,
equality and rural development and the economic looks at livelihood, producer
organization, sustainability standards, risk management, business investment,
and seed security. The report highlights benefits (diversification) from organic
cotton as well as challenges (including pricing and productivity). Some findings
include that 80 percent of organic cotton is rain-fed, and that most producer
groups report some form of decent work, including Fair trade, while income
diversification is also a focus. TE offers three key messages from the research:
that organic farmers need business security, that being organized helps promote
decent work and it flags up the importance of diversity (crop, income, social)
Textile Exchange motivates to accelerate sustainable practices in the textile
value chain with a focus on minimizing the harmful impacts of the global textile
industry and maximizing its positive effects.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Textile exchange launches organic cotton assessment tool

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


National Textile Corporation has issued the following order:


Textile Exchange a non-profit organization committed to the responsible
expansion of textile sustainability across the global textile value chain has
launched its own Organic Cotton Sustainability Assessment Tool (OC-SAT), which
looks at the impacts of organic cotton based on the results of questionnaires
sent to organic cotton producers. The data (from producer groups) feeds into an
online tool (OC-SAT), although this is not interactive as the name suggests,
i.e., users can navigate but not enter or play with data themselves; it does
contain useful background information on topics although of course it is not a
required tool for certification. Data for the assessment tool comes from 14
countries, of which eight are included in this report (Benin, Burkina Faso,
Mali, Senegal, Tanzania, China, India and Turkey), with 36 surveys completed
between 2011 and 2013. The data is organized under the usual triple bottom line
division of environmental, economic and social aspects, with a framework based
on existing frameworks such as COSA and ISEAL, FAO SAFA Guidelines, and so on.

The environmental aspect looks at water, soil and pest management, biodiversity
and climate change, while the social includes food security, decent work,
equality and rural development and the economic looks at livelihood, producer
organization, sustainability standards, risk management, business investment,
and seed security. The report highlights benefits (diversification) from organic
cotton as well as challenges (including pricing and productivity). Some findings
include that 80 percent of organic cotton is rain-fed, and that most producer
groups report some form of decent work, including Fair trade, while income
diversification is also a focus. TE offers three key messages from the research:
that organic farmers need business security, that being organized helps promote
decent work and it flags up the importance of diversity (crop, income, social)
Textile Exchange motivates to accelerate sustainable practices in the textile
value chain with a focus on minimizing the harmful impacts of the global textile
industry and maximizing its positive effects.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            December 6, 2010 Monday
                              North Wales Edition

pounds 830m towards digital hubs

BYLINE: ALEX HICKEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 191 words


WESTMINSTER is to spend pounds 830m in a drive to give the UK the best broadband
network in Europe by 2015.

Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt today publishes his action plan, Britain's
Superfast Broadband Future, with the ambition to create a "digital hub" in every
community in the country by the end of this Parliament.

Linked to the nearest exchange by high-speed connections, the hubs would allow
communities to extend the internet network to every home.

Mr Hunt said the plan aimed to stimulate private sector investment and cut
barriers to business investment in the reliable and secure superfast network
which ministers regard as vital to the UK's economic growth.

Ministers will invest pounds 50m in a second wave of pilot projects to test how
digital hubs can be extended to all communities, including those in remote rural
areas.

And there will be moves to cut the costs of access to communications
infrastructure and new awards of 800MHz and 2.6GHz spectrum to allow the
development of next-generation mobile services.

Already, more than 70% of UK households have broadband and nearly 50% have
access to a superfast 50 Mbps service.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2010 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka)

                            November 7, 2010 Sunday

2011 Budget to face fresh challenges

LENGTH: 1018  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Nov. 7 -- All attention is on the 2011 Budget. How would it address
key economic issues, meet fresh challenges and boost development in the next
decade?

The focus of the policy makers, financial experts and the public is on the
economic war, a new battle waged after the end of the 30-year conflict.

The war which impeded growth and stability in the country is history. The prime
concern now is on achieving sustainable and wholistic development that would
trickle down economic benefits to the masses.

Deputy Minister of Economic Development Ranjith Siyambalapitiya said that the
government has embarked on a massive economic development drive under the
Mahinda Chintana Idiri Dekma program and added that the 2011 Budget will lay the
ground to achieve the objective.

Increasing revenue, trimming expenses, tax reforms, creating a business and
investment friendly environment, narrowing the trade deficit are some of the
fundamental issues that policy makers would need to address in the forthcoming
budget.

The import expenditure surpassed earnings from exports widening trade deficit by
108.6 percent to US$ 2,844 million in the first half 2010, compared to the
corresponding period last year.

"The future vision of the President has mapped out strategies to double per
capita income, slash inflation,reduce unemployment, enhance foreign investments
and boost economic growth in the country", Siyambalapitiya said.

Economists and financial experts said the government should cut down on expenses
and focus on widening revenue sources if the country is to achieve targets in
the development program.

"The defence expenditure for 2011 is high and it could be trimmed down to focus
on development. A business and investor friendly culture is essential to
expedite growth in the country" analysts said.

The silver lining however is the host of big-time foreign investors showing
interest in Sri Lanka which includes India's Mahindra and Mahindra, the Hong
Kong based Shangri-La Hotels and Suchirindia Lankan Hotels and Resorts signing
up to set up a US$ 25 million hotel in Katunayake.

Siyambalapitiya said there has been sound financial management and more welfare
measures introduced since the President assumed office in 2005.

"The debt to GDP was around 105 percent during 2003/04 but gradually dropped to
around 85 percent in the following years. The debt would be below 80 percent in
the next five years", he said.

The debt debate continues with no signs of an end as borrowings from commercial
loans increase for projects such as the Hambantota harbour, airport and other
infrastructure development across the country.

Financial experts say that over 40 percent of the government revenue is used to
service interest payments.

"The government has launched several welfare measures such as the fertilizer
subsidy, low interest rates on borrowing, relief packages for SMEs and now
housing for shanty-dwellers", the Deputy Minister said.

Rural poverty still remains a major issue to be addressed though there is an
encouraging decline in poverty with time. Less access to capital and poor
infrastructure facilities have resulted in the drop in household income leading
to abject poverty.

Siyambalapitiya said steps have been taken to promote tourism which is fast
becoming the number one revenue earner in the country. Tourist arrivals have
surged since mid last year after the end of the conflict.

The Sri Lanka Tourism Development Authority estimates revenue from tourism will
exceed US$ three billion within the next five years.

Director General, Fiscal Policy, Ministry of Finance, S.R. Attygale said the
2011 Budget will be supportive of domestic capital formation which is essential
for economic growth.

He said the country's tax system is not conducive for business and investments
and added that tax reforms are vital to create a good business environment.

"There should be 35 percent investment to achieve the eight percent GDP growth
rate set by the government. The government can invest about seven percent and
the rest must come from the private sector", Attygale said.

The government will provide tax incentives to investors but not on a
large-scale. Tax reforms will be a highlight of the 2011 Budget.

The BOI doesn't seem to deliver, with little or no major investments made known
over a considerable period of time. Changes to the BOI, the premier investment
promotion body in the country is in the offing.

The BOI had to put on hold investment project proposals in eight sectors
following a directive from the government, until the budget is presented this
month.

The Appropriation Bill for the Budget 2011 was presented last month and the
estimated expenditure for next year is Rs.1,080,967,766,000.

People expect the Budget to bring down the cost of living, create jobs and more
welfare measures.

Professor of Economics University of Colombo, Sirimal Abeyratne said the 2011
Budget should support the medium-term economic vision of the government spelt
out in the Mahinda Chintana program.

He said the budget should help achieve the eight percent economic growth rate,
doubling of per capita income and increase of investments.

"The budget should address its own fundamental weaknesses which are deep-rooted
and long-standing.

The government revenue is not sufficient to cover recurrent expenditure. Around
40 percent of the government revenue is used on interest payments and about 25
percent on subsidies", Prof. Abeyratne said.

Senior Lecturer, Faculty of Management and Finance University of Colombo. Prof.
H.D. Karunaratne said the priority of the new budget should be to develop
tourism and other service sectors.

"Steps should be taken to identify key industries and promote them under the hub
concept to drive economic growth", he said.

He said the 2011 Budget should introduce tax reforms proposed by the Tax
Commission to create a vibrant business and investment climate in the country.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka).
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2010 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    The Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           October 5, 2005 Wednesday

'Mired in red' as deficit blows out

BYLINE: Scott Murdoch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 386 words


THE Australian economy is enduring its longest running trade deficit for more
than two decades.

Official numbers yesterday showed the income shortfall between the country's
imports and exports rose $306 million -- a blowout to an overall $1.64 billion
for August.

The figure was the 43rd consecutive monthly deficit and prompted economists to
say the current trade accounts were "mired in red".

The deepening of the deficit, driven by a 3.5 per cent drop in exports, was
blamed on rising fuel prices and a softer than expected result in the
agricultural sectors.

Imports were 1.25 per cent lower in August, compared to the month before which
was the largest drop in a year.

Rural exports fell by 2.9 per cent, the first drop in three months, with sales
particularly soft in meat and wool.

The Australian Bureau of Statistics reported trade on those commodities were
larger than normal and rural exports are now more than 11 per cent lower than a
year ago.

The result was far worse than economists expected and could be enough to slow
quarterly GDP growth.

ABN Amro, the investment bank, had already revised its forecast down to $1.3
billion and was surprised by the result.

The $A was expected to trade lower after the release of the data but reversed
that prediction.

Last night, the currency was firmer and trading at US76.36.

Commsec chief equities economist Craig James said the trade numbers gave an
outlook of the strength and performance of the Australian economy.

"The trade accounts are of little importance to forward-looking investors and
have implications for interest rates," Mr James said.

"The softness of exports highlights the difficulties faced by globally-dependent
companies.

"Firm import growth points to the resilience of consumer and business spending."

Economists believe business investment is now providing an artificial floor of
sorts to the economy.

Spending on expansion by businesses and the corporate sector was attributed to
the recent 1.6 per cent rise in GDP.

The rural softening came after massive increases in contract coal and iron ore
prices in the past year.

The trade figures were expected to have little impact on the interest rate
discussions of the Reserve Bank which met yesterday to formulate monetary policy
for the month ahead.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Greenville businesses awarded funds to improve tourism offerings

LENGTH: 342 words


Businesses across the Maine woods have taken advantage of a matching grant
program from the Maine Woods Tourism Training Initiative to help secure expert
assistance to improve their business. Grants and technical assistance have been
awarded to 26 companies so far, providing more than $16,000 in funding for
innovation -- with funds still available to assist additional tourism
businesses.


Among the grant technical assistance recipients are the Greenville-based
Allagash Canoe Trips and Leisure Life, the Moosehead Area Chamber of Commerce,
the Pinnacle Pursuit and Pittston Farms of Rockwood.


The $500 to $1,000 grants help tourism businesses hire consultants on topics
such as social media marketing, customer service, customer relations management,
business management and more. Businesses in rural Maine Woods communities have
used the grants awarded to date to take on projects for which they needed
outside help.


"The grant was a big help to us and we probably wouldn't have done a new website
at this time without the financial help, said Polly Mahoney of Mahoosuc Guide
Service, a tourism provider in Newry. Other businesses have reported that the
small grants offer enough assistance to take on projects that otherwise would
have been out of their budget.


"We know that many small business owners are generalists, learning as they go,"
said Mike Wilson, senior program director for the Northern Forest Center which
administers the program. "These small grants help businesses take advantage of
specialized outside expertise to address immediate business needs."


Grant funding is still available to help other tourism businesses improve
operations. Projects are evaluated case-by-base and applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis until Nov. 1. Grants will match the businesses'
investment by as much as one-to-one toward the cost of the consultant and be
distributed on a reimbursement basis. For more information, contact Georgia
Underwood of the Piscataquis County Economic Development Council at
georgia.underwood@pcedc.org or 540-0269.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Greenville businesses awarded funds to improve tourism offerings

LENGTH: 342 words


Businesses across the Maine woods have taken advantage of a matching grant
program from the Maine Woods Tourism Training Initiative to help secure expert
assistance to improve their business. Grants and technical assistance have been
awarded to 26 companies so far, providing more than $16,000 in funding for
innovation -- with funds still available to assist additional tourism
businesses.


Among the grant technical assistance recipients are the Greenville-based
Allagash Canoe Trips and Leisure Life, the Moosehead Area Chamber of Commerce,
the Pinnacle Pursuit and Pittston Farms of Rockwood.


The $500 to $1,000 grants help tourism businesses hire consultants on topics
such as social media marketing, customer service, customer relations management,
business management and more. Businesses in rural Maine Woods communities have
used the grants awarded to date to take on projects for which they needed
outside help.


"The grant was a big help to us and we probably wouldn't have done a new website
at this time without the financial help, said Polly Mahoney of Mahoosuc Guide
Service, a tourism provider in Newry. Other businesses have reported that the
small grants offer enough assistance to take on projects that otherwise would
have been out of their budget.


"We know that many small business owners are generalists, learning as they go,"
said Mike Wilson, senior program director for the Northern Forest Center which
administers the program. "These small grants help businesses take advantage of
specialized outside expertise to address immediate business needs."


Grant funding is still available to help other tourism businesses improve
operations. Projects are evaluated case-by-base and applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis until Nov. 1. Grants will match the businesses'
investment by as much as one-to-one toward the cost of the consultant and be
distributed on a reimbursement basis. For more information, contact Georgia
Underwood of the Piscataquis County Economic Development Council at
georgia.underwood@pcedc.org or 540-0269.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                        July 31, 2015 Friday 5:42 PM GMT

Dragons' Den 2015: Timberkits duo took actual dragons into the Den in Episode 3;

The Dragons came face-to-face with wooden rocking dragon toys

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: STAYING IN

LENGTH: 210 words


After 10 years, it's finally happened. Someone brought dragons into Dragons'
Den.

No, not real dragons, sadly - it wasn't Game of Thrones' Daenerys Targaryen who
was looking for a business investment.

Related stories

The crafty wooden dragon toys came from Timberkits, who supply kits to make
quaint moving models with cams, rods, levers, and cranks. The sample models
understandably caught the eye of the Dragons - Deborah Meaden and Nick Jenkins
enacted a battle with theirs, and Peter Jones even asking if he could buy one
for himself.

Presenting the products were Sarah Reast, whose parents founded the company, and
her business partner Phil Wilson, who were looking for a £25,000 investment to
expand Timberkits' reach. The company began as a community-focused project in
rural mid-Wales, with Reast aiming to maintain the boutique craft feel of the
product while increasing the business to make it more sustainable.

The Great British Bake Off 2015 - meet the contestants

Did the Timberkits duo get an investment? Watch this week's episode to find out
- no spoilers here. Either way, Reast and Wilson will go down as the people who
went into Dragons' Den armed with fire-breathing lizards of their own. Bravo.

Take a look at Timberkits' wooden dragons online here

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                        July 31, 2015 Friday 5:31 PM GMT

Dragons' Den 2015: Timberkits duo took actual dragons into the Den in Episode 3;

The Dragons came face-to-face with wooden rocking dragon toys

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TV

LENGTH: 210 words


After 10 years, it's finally happened. Someone brought dragons into Dragons'
Den.

No, not real dragons, sadly - it wasn't Game of Thrones' Daenerys Targaryen who
was looking for a business investment.

Related stories

The crafty wooden dragon toys came from Timberkits, who supply kits to make
quaint moving models with cams, rods, levers, and cranks. The sample models
understandably caught the eye of the Dragons - Deborah Meaden and Nick Jenkins
enacted a battle with theirs, and Peter Jones even asking if he could buy one
for himself.

Presenting the products were Sarah Reast, whose parents founded the company, and
her business partner Phil Wilson, who were looking for a £25,000 investment to
expand Timberkits' reach. The company began as a community-focused project in
rural mid-Wales, with Reast aiming to maintain the boutique craft feel of the
product while increasing the business to make it more sustainable.

The Great British Bake Off 2015 - meet the contestants

Did the Timberkits duo get an investment? Watch this week's episode to find out
- no spoilers here. Either way, Reast and Wilson will go down as the people who
went into Dragons' Den armed with fire-breathing lizards of their own. Bravo.

Take a look at Timberkits' wooden dragons online here

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Human Resource Development for a Market Economy

LENGTH: 432  words


Commissioned by: German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and
Development (BMZ)
Country: Lao People  s Democratic Republic
Lead executing agency: Department of International Cooperation (DIC) in the
Ministry of Planning and Investment (MPI)


Overall term: 2011 to 2014
Project Status - Active
Project Phase: Execution
Context: Laos is a small, rural and agricultural low-income country with no
direct access to the sea. It is currently making the transition from a centrally
planned economy to a market economy. The major obstacle to economic development
in Laos is the low competitiveness of its productive sectors. The state and the
private sector therefore need to tackle the challenges of its international
competition as an investment and production location, and improve the business
and investment climate. Investment and innovation, along with a better standard
of training, can help the private sector to become an engine for growth.
Objective:  Improvements have been made to the business framework, the
qualification level of the labour force and to the management of both public and
private sector organisations and businesses.
Approach: The project supports public and private partner organisations to
exercise their mandate in an efficient manner by the following measures:
Supporting the national chamber of industry and commerce on the provincial and
central level to improve their capacity and engage in policy dialogue. Support
is given to dialogue and cooperation processes involving state and
private-sector bodies aimed at solving specific problems faced by businesses and
investors at provincial level.
Strengthening the SME Promotion Department to implement the SME Development
Strategy and action plan to increase regional and international competitiveness
of SMEs.
The project is contributing to the development of a labour market-oriented
system of vocational training to enable young people to gain appropriate skills.
This process involves defining vocational standards, curriculum development,
teacher training, training in school management and support for the construction
of new vocational schools and their targeted use.
Project completion date : 2014-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : MINISTRY OF PLANNING AND INVESTMENT (MPI)

Address : Luangprabang Road


Vientiane 01001

Country :Lao People's Democratic Republic
Financier : Deutsche Gesellschaft für Technische Zusammenarbeit (GTZ) GmbH,

Financier address : GTZ(Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit)


Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 40
53113 Bonn, Germany
Phone: +49 228 44 60-0

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    February 18, 2003 Tuesday Final Edition

Sydney Games' success squelched the naysayers

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

BYLINE: Leslie Laforest

SECTION: News; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 259 words

Re: Crunching the Olympic numbers, Feb. 12

In 1996 my husband and I headed for Australia. He worked on multi-million dollar
infrastructure projects in preparation for the Sydney 2000 Olympics. Nearly word
for word, the 2000 ympics were met by naysayers such as Colleen McCrory and all
those British Columbians currently decrying our 2010 Olympic bid. They cried
foul at their government for diverting badly needed funding, cried economic
disaster for rural areas, foretold economic doom for years to come and bleated
their defeatist attitude every step of the way.

But an amazing turnaround occurred when "Let the Games begin!" reverberated
around the world. The naysayers disappeared, caught up in the most successful
Olympics held to date.

Why? Because, contrary to their convictions, Australian citizens flocked to
Sydney by plane, train, boat and automobile, discovering their country along the
way. Tourism boomed in rural areas as visitors from everywhere explored
Australia in staggering numbers. Transportation improved. Business investment
grew.

And the economy did not stagnate as was projected vociferously during the
lead-up to the Games. It continues to grow, due in large part to the 2000
Olympics.

We have the ability to win the 2010 Games, we have the drive to win and
economically we need to win.

Remember, the Games are not just a 17-day event. They represent an eight- year
period of economic stimulation for B.C. -- public investment now for countless
years of economic prosperity to come.

Leslie Laforest

Vancouver

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                     Herald

                           November 15, 1988 Tuesday

Millionaire a party problem

SECTION: HERALD BUSINESS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 794 words


BEIJING

Liu Xigui is a gritty peasant who struck it rich by transforming his battling
business with a beat-up lorry into a flourishing transport company.

He now wants to join the Communist Party and has clearly befuddled authorities
who must decide whether a millionaire entrepreneur, by Chinese standards, should
join the vanguard of the proletarian masses.

"It's a question the party never had to address since its founding in 1921," the
official Xinhua News Agency said in a recent report on Mr Liu.

But the question seems inevitable in the China of leader Deng Xiaoping, where
private enterprise has been encouraged for the past decade to help develop the
country.

Mr Liu, 34, first applied for party membership in 1986 but a final decision has
been delayed as his test case is debated by officials.

Local communist officials believe a ruling may come by the end of the year.

If any millionaire can gain entrance to the party, Mr Liu appears an ideal
candidate.

A farmer in the rural outskirts of Shenyang, a grey industrial centre of
Liaoning province in north-east China, Mr Liu scrapped together 7000 yuan (about
$A2270) in 1979 to buy a used truck and go into the transport business. The
investment included money earned by selling his blood 37 times.

Mr Liu's enterprise prospered and grew to its current size of almost 50 trucks
and 260 employees.He has about 5.2 million yuan ($A1.7 million) in assets and
claimed this year's net profit will be roughly 2 million yuan ($A648,130).

But Mr Liu draws a monthly salary of only 500 yuan ($A161) and lives with his
wife and son in a simple home, where the floor tiles are broken and loose and
the only sign of consumer extravagance is a Japanese-made double-cassette tape
player and television.

Although his income far exceeds the national annual average of about 1000 yuan
($A325) a person in urban areas, most of Mr Liu's profits don't reach his
pockets. Instead, the money goes to the Government in taxes; is reinvested in
the company or is donated, Mr Liu said.

The donations, which so far this year have reached about 140,000 yuan ($A45,300)
are handed out for schools, road repairs, local welfare programs and sporting
teams, he said.

Mr Liu, dressed in a blue blazer and working on his daily pack of cigarettes,
explained why he would be a good addition to the party.

"One reason is to add some blood to the Communist Party," he said.Another would
be to show the world that the emerging class of "private entrepreneurs" has
secured a place in China's ruling party.

A lean man with thin moustache who untiringly works to make his company
successful, Mr Liu added that joining the Communist Party would help him develop
his business. But he claimed a higher purpose for applying for membership.

"The purpose of entering the party is to make a contribution to the country. I'm
not afraid of the restrictions of party discipline. I only want to contribute to
socialism," he said.

He said he would willingly surrender his property to the Government if so
ordered.

Local party officials, who grew up with Mr Liu, seem to view him as a folk hero
and support his application, although they said the final decision must be made
by the Shenyang City party committee.

However, some party members believe "that most of the property of millionaires
was acquired by squeezing the surplus value of workers they employed".

The party members contend it "is ridiculous to think that an exploiter with
large amounts of surplus value could become a communist and devote his life to
the elimination of the exploitiation system".

Such sentiment certainly reflects the communists' traditional attitude toward
the wealthy. When the Communist Party came to power in the 1940s, confiscation
of property from landlords was a key to winning support in the countryside.

As recently as the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution, people were persecuted just for
being rich.

But Li Junku, the party chairman in Taoxian village where Mr Liu lives, argued
that the critical factor was not how much money one made but "how the profits
are allotted".

Hundreds of party members have written to the Liaoning provincial party
committee in support of Mr Liu, including many who believe private businessmen
should not be rejected just because they have accumulated more personal property
than others.

"I believe I'm a socialist; a rich socialist," Mr Liu said, who stressed he has
prospered by following the policies of China's market-oriented reforms.

"From my own point of view, I don't want personal gain (by joining the party)."
But he believes successful businessmen now have a role to play in plotting
China's future development.

ASSOCIATED PRESS

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A DOORMAN STANS OUTSIDE A KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN RESTAURANT, THE
FIRSTWESTERN-STYLE EATERY IN PEKING.

JOURNAL-CODE: DHD

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 13, 2008 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Gwinnett Opinions: MY VIEW: A regional transit plan has support

BYLINE: CHUCK WARBINGTON; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: GWINNETT NEWS; Pg. 4J

LENGTH: 807 words


It's no wonder that people love Gwinnett County. With a mix of urban, suburban
and rural communities, a culture of business and family-friendly environments, a
top quality school system and a variety of entertainment and leisure activities,
it is easy to understand why so many of us choose to call Gwinnett home.

The can-do attitude of Gwinnett over the years has helped make our county all
that it is today, and now leadership across the county is looking at innovative
ways to continue to make Gwinnett a great place to live and to attract new
business and investment to the area.

There is no question that one of the biggest challenges facing Gwinnett County
as it looks to the future is mobility. This issue has a direct impact on our
quality of life every day as we spend countless hours in traffic congestion.

One giant step in addressing mobility issues is being taken by metro Atlanta
regional leaders, including Gwinnett County. These leaders have developed a
regional transit plan that crosses jurisdictional boundaries and serves the
entire region through a master plan of heavy and light rail, commuter rail, and
bus rapid transit. This regional transit plan would connect Gwinnett County to
not only downtown Atlanta, but also to areas such as Perimeter Mall, the Cobb
Galleria and Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport. This plan will be
presented for public comment this Wednesday at 6 p.m. at Global Mall on Jimmy
Carter Boulevard by the staff of the Transit Planning Board.

The proposed plan would provide Gwinnettians with choices for transportation,
mirroring the desires voiced by many Gwinnett residents. A November 2007 poll of
active Gwinnett voters ranked traffic congestion as Gwinnett's No. 1 issue. This
same poll ranked new rail service connecting throughout metro Atlanta as the No.
1 solution for traffic congestion.

Not only would a new rail transit service provide choice for mobility, but the
collateral effects of the system would spur economic development in Gwinnett
County. According to the Center for Transportation Excellence, 77 percent of
"New Economy" companies (companies that focus on capturing the global market and
are connected either with or through information technology) rated access to
mass transit as an extremely important factor in selecting corporate locations.
Almost half of all Fortune 500 companies, representing more than $2 trillion in
annual revenue, are headquartered in America's transit-intensive metropolitan
areas. Expanding a transit rail system across the metro Atlanta area will
ultimately be the missing piece to the puzzle that will keep Gwinnett
competitive for redevelopment and business investment.

CID initiates study

In 2007, the Gwinnett Village and Gwinnett Place community improvement districts
initiated several studies that focused on building high quality development in
conjunction with rapid transit along the I-85 corridor. One of the studies
revisited the concept of expanding a rail system connecting to the existing
MARTA Doraville station in north DeKalb County through four new stations in
Gwinnett, ending at Gwinnett Place mall. The results of the study can be
summarized by the following:

* Light rail operation is preferred over heavy rail.

Due to initial construction costs and timing, a light rail system can provide a
rapid transit system with the least amount of impact at a fraction of the
construction costs of heavy rail.

* Four stations projected along route.

Although more may be projected as further study is completed, currently there
are four stations recommended along the 10-mile rail expansion from Doraville to
Gwinnett Place mall.

* Ridership projections far exceed initial expectations.

Preliminary estimates for daily boardings are just under 21,000 for the four new
rail stations. These projected estimates would give the stations in Gwinnett the
highest daily boardings along the entire I-85 corridor rail system.

* Encouraging transit-oriented development land use around the stations
increases daily boardings by 60 percent.

Initiating land-use changes around the transit stations to encourage
transit-oriented developments (mixed-use developments) would add an additional
13,800 daily boardings to the four new stations. This would yield a total of
just under 35,000 daily boardings for the rail expansion.

Traffic congestion continues to be the priority issue for the majority of
residents and businesses across Gwinnett County and the metro Atlanta region.

The CID supports the regional transit plan and encourages residents and
businesses alike to provide input at the Wednesday meeting.

For more information about the Regional Transit Plan Public Input Meeting or for
a copy of the entire study or poll results, contact the Gwinnett Village CID
office at 770-449-6515.

Chuck Warbington is executive director of the Gwinnett Village CID.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: FILEA time-lapse image of traffic at Spaghetti Junction, the
I-85/I-285 interchange. A poll of Gwinnett voters ranked traffic congestion as
the county's No. 1 issue and new rail service connecting metro Atlanta as the
solution./ImageData*

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Texas: Financial Services Weekly News - March 2016 #5

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    The SEC published an IM Guidance Update highlighting two exemptions from
registration under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act) that
apply to advisers to Small Business Investment Companies (SBICs) after the
enactment of the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act (FAST Act):





     "Venture capital funds adviser exemption:" the definition of "venture
capital funds" now includes SBICs, allowing an adviser who only has clients that
are venture capital funds (as defined in Rule 203(l)-1) and/or SBICs to rely on
this exemption.

     "Private fund adviser exemption:" Advisers Act Section 203(m) now excludes
SBIC assets from counting toward the $150 million threshold, allowing an adviser
that has assets under management in the U.S. of less than $150 million
attributable to its non-SBIC fund clients to rely on the private fund adviser
exemption regardless of the amount of assets under management in the U.S. that
is attributable to any SBIC client.



 An adviser to SBICs may now choose to rely on either of these exemptions or
continue to rely on the "SBIC adviser exemption" (Advisers Act Section
203(b)(7)). However, unlike an adviser relying on the SBIC exemption, an adviser
relying on either of the two new exemptions must file as an exempt reporting
adviser (ERA) and submit its initial Form ADV within 60 days of relying on these
exemptions. In addition, registered advisers that advise SBICs may now be
eligible to withdraw their registration and start reporting as an ERA. An
adviser switching from being registered to being an ERA must file a Form ADV-W
partial withdrawal prior to submitting its first report as an ERA.



 FINRA's 2016 Regulatory and Examination Priorities Letter - Parts 2 and 3



 On March 21 and 28, FINRA released its second and third podcasts in a
three-part series about FINRA's 2016 Regulatory and Examination Priorities
Letter. The examination priorities letter was discussed in the January 13, 2016,
edition of the Roundup.



 CFPB Issues QM Guidance for Lenders Operating in Rural and Underserved Areas



 On March 22, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) issued a new
interim final rule to implement the Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural
Communities (HELP) Act. The effect of the new rule is to expand the number of
small, rural mortgage lenders who can take advantage of special provisions in
Regulation Z that permit small creditors to originate balloon-payment qualified
mortgages and exempts such creditors from the escrow account requirement for
higher-priced mortgages. Under the old rule, in order to qualify for these
provisions, a small creditor had to operate predominantly in rural or
underserved areas. The CFPB had previously interpreted "operate predominantly"
as requiring that a small creditor originate over half of its covered mortgages
on properties located in rural or underserved areas. Now, under the new rule, a
small creditor is eligible for these provisions if it originates at least one
covered mortgage loan on a property located in a rural or underserved area in
the prior calendar year. The new interim final rule is effective March 31.



 Federal Banking Agencies Specify Eligibility for 18-Month Exam Cycle



 On March 24, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB), and the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC) published an interagency interim final rule amending the
regulations governing eligibility for the 18-month on-site examination cycle,
pursuant to the FAST Act. As covered in the February 24 and January 27 editions
of the Roundup, the agencies had previously approved a joint interim final rule
that expanded the number of small banks and savings associations eligible for an
18-month examination cycle rather than a 12-month cycle. The latest interim
final rule specifies eligibility for the 18-month exam cycle to institutions:
(1) with less than $1 billion in total assets; (2) that are well capitalized;
(3) with a CAMELS composite rating of 1 or 2, including a management rating of 1
or 2; (4) are not subject to a formal enforcement proceeding or order from a
federal banking regulatory agency; and (5) have not undergone a change of
control in the preceding 12-month period. The agencies retain the authority to
maintain the current 12-month on-site examination schedule for an institution,
or adopt a more frequent schedule than every 18 months, if the agency determines
it would be necessary or appropriate.



 FinCEN Issues Prepaid Card FAQs



 As referenced in last week's Roundup, several agencies, including the U.S.
Department of Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN),
published a guidance clarifying the applicability of the Customer Identification
Program (CIP) rule to prepaid cards issued by banks. This week FinCEN issued
additional guidance on the regulatory expectations for nonbank sellers of
prepaid cards. The guidance addresses frequently asked questions (FAQs) related
to non-bank prepaid card offerings. The FAQs are meant to be read in addition
to, and supplement, the FAQs entitled "Final Rule - Definitions and Other
Regulations Relating to Prepaid Access," which FinCEN issued on November 2,
2011. Some of the FAQs discuss de minimis cash refund requirements under state
law, the use of quick response codes and other technology in connection with
Prepaid Access, and the term "defined merchant" within the context of closed
loop prepaid access.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday
                                  1st Edition

Satellite goes Digital

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 614 words


DIGITAL City has set up its first rural satellite operation.

NeST, a hub based at Barnard Castle, confirmed its ties with DigitalCity when Dr
Anne Allen of Barnard Castle Vision signed a Memorandum of Understanding with
Mark Elliott, CEO of DigitalCity Business.

The investment in businesses in the area is worth around pounds 100,000 in the
coming two years. There will be a programme of business growth workshops as well
as one to one coaching sessions and business surgeries.

Members will also be invited to a range of networking events both in Barnard
Castle, and at DigitalCity in Middlesbrough at its flagship BoHo One building,
and its other satellites in Redcar, and in Stockton.

Workshops have already been conducted with Keith Moss, a photographer who is
highly regarded as a mentor and photographic industry trainer.

An ongoing schedule of workshops will be prepared to meet members' requests, as
well as networking opportunities for home-based businesses in rural Teesdale.

Dr Allen said: "We're hoping that the coaching and networking available through
NeST's links with DigitalCity will open doors for any number of our small
enterprises.

"The focus is on developing and connecting small private sector businesses. The
result could potentially be complementary businesses working together.

"There is the possibility of members winning and delivering contracts together
or new connections could lead to businesses expanding into new areas.
Ultimately, we're committed to helping our members grow their turnover and their
reputation."

Mark Elliott added: "The DigitalCity Barnard Castle Satellite is a really
exciting development for us.

"A lot of people might think that digital is something essentially urban, but
it's not, and there's no reason why digital and creative businesses can't thrive
in a rural setting. So we're really pleased Barnard Castle wanted to join up
with us.

"We've just appointed our new Director of Cluster Development, Mark South, and I
know he's raring to get going on what we think is the very first rural digital
development of its kind anywhere.

"Added to the other exciting developments such as Digital Dale, it makes Barnard
Castle a place to watch."

DigitalCity Business has appointed Eva Zandman as its Satellite Animateur, or
assistant, based in NeST, Barnard Castle.

Eva currently has her photography business, Eva Zandman Photography, in the
studio in NeST. She will be responsible for recruiting member businesses to NeST
and working with those businesses to create a schedule of workshops and seminars
to assist them in meeting their aspirations for growth.

Eva said: "Membership of NeST is growing by the week. I will be working with
members, bringing in mentors and coaches to help them deliver to their true
potential, organising networking events and bringing members together so they
can meet, encourage one another and maintain momentum for their businesses.

"Anyone who would like to find out more is welcome to visit NeST, meet myself
and other members and find out more about how NeST membership can assist their
business." ¦ Barnard Castle Vision, the project responsible for economic
regeneration in Barnard Castle, transformed the disused garage into NeST
gallery, cafeteria and workhub.

Funding has come from Durham County Council, Single Programme Funding direct
from One North East, and a North Pennine Dales LEADER grant, obtained through
the Rural Development Programme for England, jointly funded by Defra and the
European Union and managed by One North East.

The 2010-12 DigitalCity Business project is funded by ERDF, Single Programme,
Middlesbrough and Stockton Council and Barnard Castle Vision.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  SIGNING UP: Dr Anne Allen of Barnard Castle Vision and Mark Elliott of
DigitalCity Business sign the memorandum of understanding at NeST, and, left,
satellite animateur, Eva Zandman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: gz


                    Copyright 2011 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    April 14, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

NDP announces spending cuts, plan to hike taxes

BYLINE: By William Walker TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 779 words


   Ontarians will soon pay higher taxes to a government that intends to spend
less while trying to maintain essential programs, Ontario's New Democrat
government said yesterday in its third Speech from the Throne.

"This speech is not about business as usual. We are living in times of great
change," Lieutenant-Governor Hal Jackman read from the prepared text.

"Our plan to put Ontario back to work includes immediate action to bring the
provincial debt under control. This year, we will put the province's finances on
a course to ensure we can deliver the jobs and services people expect from their
government.

That means "reductions in government expenditures, raising new revenues through
taxes and sale of assets, and the negotiation of a social contract."

If government jobs aren't eliminated, programs cut, assets sold and taxes
raised, Ontario would have a deficit of $17 billion in its 1993-94 budget, due
next month, the speech warns.

At that pace, the provincial debt would almost double by 1996, to $120 billion.

"Ontario would then be trapped in the debt quagmire that has afflicted Canada
under the recent Liberal and Conservative administrations," Jackman told the 130
members of the Legislature and about 400 invited guests.

"If we fail to act now, our public services will become unaffordable."

The speech marked the beginning of the third session of Ontario's 35th
Parliament, after a long winter break.

It includes pledges to establish province-wide Grade 9 proficiency testing in
reading and writing, creation of an education commission to find out why
students aren't learning to read and write properly, and $25 million to create
10,000 summer jobs for students.

The speech signalled that Premier Bob Rae is determined to stimulate job
creation by improving Ontario's image as a place to invest.

But the Premier said he won't exempt corporations from higher taxes just because
he wants a better investment climate to create new jobs.

"Everyone has to pay their fair share," Rae told reporters. "I've had a lot of
lectures from the business community about the deficit, but it's absolutely
incumbent on the business community that they do their bit. Every single person
has to do their bit."

The speech does promise to encourage business investment in Ontario through
creation of a "one-stop shopping" Ontario Investment Centre, a provincial
investment fund and a Community Economic Initiative for small businesses in
rural and Northern Ontario towns.

It also marks the completion of a complete reversal for Rae, whose
much-criticized first budget included a $9 billion deficit aimed at stimulating
the economy.

"Just as it made sense in our budgets of 1991 and 1992, at the height of the
recession, to accept higher borrowing, it makes equal sense to reduce provincial
borrowing now the recovery is underway," the speech states.

"Our challenge is to turn the need for cost reductions into an opportunity. To
maintain investments in jobs and training. To improve essential services. To
work out, in partnership with public-sector employees and employers, ways to
make their work more efficient and the services they provide more affordable."

Opposition leaders said those efforts were far overshadowed by the government's
wrongheaded intention to raise taxes yet again.

"There is no indication about a better climate in Ontario to do business - only
a mention of new taxes," complained Liberal Leader Lyn McLeod. "This is just not
a time to increase taxes."

Progressive Conservative Leader Mike Harris said the province's tax capacity has
already been exhausted and further increases will strangle consumer spending and
discourage job-creating investment.

"We can get more taxes from business if we have more businesses. We can get more
taxes from people if we have more people working. This government seems to miss
the point," Harris said.

Rae admitted the speech contains few new measures, but said he didn't set out to
do things differently.

"Novelty is not necessarily the name of the game . . . governing is not a public
relations exercise," he said at a news conference. "We've got to get things we
pledged to do up and running."

Principal among those are three crown corporations that are to spend $6 billion
over the next decade to build new highways and public transit systems, improve
water quality and conservation, and expand telecommunications networks.

The speech also promised the government would move ahead with pay equity, enact
an Environmental Bill of Rights, pass an Employment Equity Act and release a
discussion paper on social assistance reform.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Oil palm employs more

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 515 words


The palm oil industry growth creates over 520 new jobs per year, a regional
forum was told last Thursday.

This was a good sign for the industry, the economy and especially the local
people, New Britain Palm Oil Limited group manager Ian Orrel said, when
addressing the New Guinea Islands Regional Forum at the National Fisheries
College in Kavieng.

Mr Orrel stated that for a large rural industry, creating formal employment
means support for families (24,300 employee and their families which is
approximately 120,000 people; 2010 figure), the need to provide services
including housing with power, water, sanitation, road and security, and the need
to provide education, health services in addition to subsidising public
facilities where they exist.

The presentation highlighted that creating growth in the primary producing
renewable sectors creates jobs whereby the large scale developers are usually
the springboard for the small entrepreneurial businesses and that employment
associated with goods and services supply and even manufacturing follows in the
wake of a successful primary industry.

In 2010 alone, NBPOL, have employed 359 national executive staff, 1583 national
senior non-executive staff, 20,571 national labor and skilled labor and 311, oil
palm R&D, smallholder extension projects.

It employed 1671 in non palm oil operations including beef and sugar with export
and domestic sales of crude palm oil and palm kernel oil including the refined
products and seed plus integrated non-oil palm products including ethanol, sugar
and beef.

Mr Orrel said this all amounted to a whooping K1, 444, 915, 995.

This notion was supported with an example of the birth of a $US50 million oil
palm industry in Hoskins area under the private sector government development
partnership arrangement.

After 43 years, the initial investment yieldsmore than K740 million per year
(2010) in Hoskins area alone.

This translates to about K5.4 million per fortnight being paid to smallholders
oil palm growers in the Hoskins Kimbe area, taking into account wages, salaries
and local goods and service supplies and landowner royalties among others and
that is about K13.1 million per fortnight being channeled into the Hoskins Kimbe
local economy - this creates jobs.

Mr Orrel said most potential new jobs are likely to be created in rural areas
and not in cities with adequate supporting infrastructure vital for business
growth and job creation and that new public-sector infrastructure investment
should target appropriately identified key development areas with a view to
facilitating business investment.

The presentation also highlighted the specific issues raised by stakeholders
that is likely to affect the sustainability of oil palm development in PNG which
includes; shortage of skilled labor and experienced management staff,
over-population in oil palm development areas, development, support and
maintenance of infrastructure, land issues - accessibility and disputes, pest
and disease, lack of government support and services, and cash management, rural
financial services and high cost of living.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                            April 21, 2016 Thursday
                                 NTNews Edition

Delay to Kidman sale for independent review

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 224 words


Treasurer Scott Morrison has signed an interim order preventing the sale of S.
Kidman & Co for 90 days and has ordered an independent review into the deal.

China's Dakang Australia Holdings wants to buy 80 per cent of the company while
Australian Rural Capital Ltd is looking to take the rest, subject to approval by
the Foreign Investment Review Board.

Kidman has two stations in the NT - Helen Springs and Brunchilly near Tennant
Creek.

NT Cattlemen's Association chief executive Tracey Hayes (pictured) said foreign
investment was not new to the Territory, just where the capital was coming from
had changed. "The flow of capital is critical to industry," she said.

"The only thing that has changed with foreign investment is where the capital
has come from. Right now we are seeing a flow from Asia which is consistent with
what is happening globally.

"This land has been for sale a long, long, long time and Australian investors
have had every opportunity to be part of this process for a long time. This is a
savvy business investment realising agriculture as a positive investment."S
Kidman & Co, Australia's largest landholder, has agreed to a $370.7 million deal
that will see the company partly sold. Its value increased by $20 million since
originally going on the market. Anna Creek, near Woomera, in South Australia is
not part of the deal.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                 June 19, 1997

Visit by trade team from Central Sulawesi

SECTION: National; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 285 words

DATELINE: Kota Kinabalu


KOTA KINABALU, Wed. - A trade delegation from Indonesia's Central Sulawesi
Province began a two-day visit today to explore investment opportunities
in Sabah.

The visit is a follow-up to the 19 memorandums of understanding signed
by a Sabah business delegation to Central Sulawesi on March 5.

Central Sulawesi's Trade and Industry office chief Syamsul Djalali said
his government was keen to see the MoUs translated into reality.

"We hope to come up with something concrete during our stay here,"
Syamsul told reporters upon arrival at the international airport here.

The delegation is headed by Central Sulawesi's First Secretary Amur
Muchasim. Also in the delegation is the province's House of
Representatives chief Brig- Jen Sami Koen.

The delegation was welcomed by State Legislative Assembly Speaker Datuk
Hassan Alban Sandukong, Assistant Minister to the Chief Minister Datuk
Michael Lim, Assistant Local Government and Housing Minister Datuk Wences
Anggang and Deputy State Secretary Datuk Abdillah Hassan.

Syamsul said businessmen from the province were keen to invest in the
agricultural, fisheries and mining sectors.

"Sabah is known for its great potential in the agricultural, fisheries
and mining sectors and we hope to set up joint ventures with local
businessmen to develop the sectors," he said.

The delegation called on the Yang di-Pertua Negeri Tun Sakaran Dandai
and Chief Minister Datuk Yong Teck Lee before attending a briefing on
business and investment opportunities by the State Development Office at
the Sabah Economic Development Corporation office here.

It will visit the Rural Development Corporation office before returning
home tomorrow.


LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Promoting two-way trade ... Hassan Alban (right) accompanying
Amur Muchasim to the airport VIP room upon their arrival.-By Jahariya Dominicus.

            Copyright 1997 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 17, 1988

Prince tells employers of duty to help jobless

BYLINE: By MARTYN HALSALL, Northern Industrial Correspondent

LENGTH: 390 words


The Prince of Wales said yesterday that the country's employers should focus
recruitment and training on the long-term unemployed.

The needs of the ethnic minorities should be borne especially in mind and the
public and private sectors should cooperate wherever possible.


The prince told a conference in Sheffield on business investment in community
projects that if training could be matched to business needs 'we would be
striking at the resdual high level of unemployment in urban areas.'

He went on to describe a 'vision of a more vibrant and equal business community
in the inner cities.'

The prince said he was particularly encouraged at the way his idea 'of really
involving community activists, and not just their politicians, in seeking out
the solutions' had begun to be adopted.

'I cannot emphasise too strongly that I believe success will only come from
listening to those who really understand the local problems, because they have
to live with them, and then matching government and business support to their
needs.'

The prince, president of the organisation. Business in the Community, set a
target of 500 comapnies being prepared to pledge 1 per cent of pre-tax profits
to community investment within the next two years. The present number is 170.

He went on: 'We are aiming to double the toal support from the business
community to enterprise agencies. Currently sponsored to the tune of Pounds 35
million, we plan to mount a positive campaign to ensure that the total
sponsorship of local enterprise agencies will rise within two years to over
Pounds 60 million.'

Outlining a new initiative to counter the 'deeply worrying' problems of
continuing rural unemployment the prince announced that the Duke of Westminster
would chair a team promoting opportunities for businesses in rural areas.

He challenged big companies to increase their orders from small firms by Pounds
5,000 million over the next five years. Excellent examples of good quality
craftmanship and innovation were often failing to receive such orders.

Ms Anita Roddick, founder of Body Shop, last night began a BBC television
series, launched by the prince, which encourages radical community ideas.

She was scathing about yesterday's conference, declaring it the most turgid
thing she had ever been to.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Almond investors left with little choice over vote;
AGRIBUSINESS

BYLINE: Danny John

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 339 words


INVESTOR growers in two of Great Southern Group's last remaining managed
investment schemes are set to hand at least one of the crops over to a new
responsible entity, knowing that a vote today against the rescue plan will see
the businesses wound up.

Separate meetings of the 2007 and 2008 almond projects will be held in Sydney,
at which the growers will decide whether to appoint Great Southern's former
funds management arm as the new operator.

However, the investors know they have little alternative but to back the plan
proposed by Rural Funds Management since McGrathNicol, the receivers of Great
Southern, have warned that the current manager is insolvent and has no money to
maintain and develop the almond trees.

A vote against will not only trigger the winding up of the schemes (in which
there is at present little commercial value) but will also see the investors'
trees handed over to the owners and leasors of the land they are growing on, as
Great Southern is in default of its lease payments.

Rural Funds Management, which has just agreed a management buy-out from Great
Southern with the receivers, will be the beneficiary in both cases as it is the
responsible entity and operator of the investment fund which either controls or
owns the two properties.

By agreeing to RFM replacing Great Southern Managers, the growers will at least
maintain a direct interest in the schemes.

According to proxies received before this morning's deadline, 56 per cent of
growers in the 2007 scheme have voted in favour of RFM's appointment - enough to
guarantee the handover. The support for the 2008 scheme is touch and go, with 45
per cent of investors supporting the move, 5 per cent short of the necessary
threshold.

There were signs yesterday that it might be adjourned to give the remaining
grower investors more time to consider their positions.

- The receivers of the failed agri-business investment group Timbercorp have put
its shareholdings in the almond farmer Select Harvest and olive oil producer Red
Island Australia up for sale.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 April 21, 2016

Nestle Opens N5.6 Billion Water Factory to Create Jobs

BYLINE: Dele Ogbodo

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: Abuja


Nestle Nigeria Plc has unveiled its new ultra modern waters factory built at the
cost of N5.6 billion.

At the opening ceremony in Abaji, on the outskirt of Abuja, Federal Capital
Capital Territory (FCT), the company's Managing Director and Chief Executive
Officer (CEO), Chief Dharnesh Gordon, said the inauguration of the water plant
in the North will create over 111 new jobs for Nigerians living within the FCT.

He said the factory, which is the third in the country and the first in major in
the north underpins its strong belief in the potential of the Nigerian economy
in spite of the current volatile business environment.

According to him, the commissioning also showed that Nigeria remains Africa's
investment destination of choice, adding: "We can look back on a long and
successful history of Nestle in the country and we are proud to remain a major
contributor to the food industry in the country.

"Our company has been present in Nigeria for 55 years, and we are pleased that
our operations are not only measurable in length of time, but more importantly,
also by the positive impact it brings to the communities where we operate."

He said the company was committed to continue to bring significant value to
society at large by sourcing locally, creating employment, and offering high
quality, nutritious foods beverages with the aim of helping Nigeria develop
further.

In a remark, the Chairman of the board of directors, Mr. David Ifezulike,
expressed gratitude to the Bank of Industry (BoI), through First City Monument
Bank FCMB, for providing the company long term financial support to establish
the Abaji factory, the first in the Northern part of the country.

According to Ifezulike, Nestle Nigeria is proud to be the pioneering
multinational company in Abaji, adding that experience from its Agbara and
Flowergate factories in Ogun state as in other parts of the world shows that
Nestle factories drive rural development.

He said: "The developmental effects of our factories over time translates into
new businesses, investment and infrastructure and make their once locations
increasingly urban or industrialized in nature.

"Such an effect takes time to evolve. A factory is a long term investment, but
as rural factories expand, they have many touch points with society: from
employment creation and infrastructure to environment management, training,
education and community."

He admitted that the Abaji manufacturing operations will not only have a
positive long term impact on local economy, but will also improve the standards
of living of the people in Abaji and neighboring communities.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            July 12, 1997, Saturday

$7.6m push for regional jobs

BYLINE: By Political Editor GREG KELTON

LENGTH: 471 words


Regional development will get a $7.6 million boost over the next 12

months in an effort to create jobs and attract investment in country

areas.

The key to the plan will be a special $2 million Infrastructure

Development Fund for essential projects such as airstrips, roads and

powerlines.

The State Government's move has rekindled speculation of an early

election and that a one-week sitting of Parliament, due to start on

July 22, will be the last before the poll.

Some Liberals were yesterday predicting the Premier, Mr Olsen, could

call an election for as early as September.

Millions of dollars will also be available for self-help packages for

local government and communities to rejuvenate commercial areas of

country towns and special data to help investors identify the best

locations for new investment.

Mr Olsen announced the move yesterday in Murray Bridge, while opening

extensions to Hardie Irrigation's plant which will lead to a doubling

of its workforce to 200.

Mr Olsen said the new development initiatives to be delivered

through Regional Development boards already established throughout

rural SA would be funded and managed by the Economic Development

Authority.

He said $270 million in investment in country areas over the past

three years had helped create or retain about 5000 jobs in country SA.

"The aim is to achieve greater investment, create jobs and increase

the level of economic activity in country SA," he said.

Mr Olsen said experience had shown the provision of support

infrastructure, such as factory buildings and water supplies and roads

could provide the base for new business investment.

The fund would be combined with private capital to finance the

construction of strategic infrastructure services.

A total of $2 million had been allocated to the fund and was available

to applicants who could demonstrate the provision of infrastructure

would benefit not only their business but also the regional economy

through flow-on benefits to the community.

There would also be a Regional Towns Program, worth $300,000, which

would offer a self-help package bringing together community leaders,

local government and local business people to rejuvenate key

commercial areas of rural towns.

A $500,000 program known as Regional Investment Briefs would also be

introduced.

These would be made available to investors to help them identify the

best locations for new investment.

The Minister assisting in Regional Development, Mr Kerin, said the

briefs made use of existing data on land and location capabilities to

highlight the areas best-suited for certain types of agricultural

production.

The remaining $4.8 million is made up of funds committed by various

Government departments to projects in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            November 20, 2006 Monday
                                 First Edition

Farm fund finds opportunity in threat

BYLINE: Kathryn House

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 57

LENGTH: 668 words


News headlines about climate change, the worsening drought and water shortages
have done little to promote investment in agriculture.

But three Melbourne business people, all from farming backgrounds, believe the
timing is right to invest money in rural Australia.

Industry Superannuation Property Trust founder Arthur Apted, his long-time
colleague Pam Mitchell and the former head of dedicated agricultural investment
manager DIRT, Frank Delahunty, have teamed up to launch an agriculture fund
through the newly formed Australian Farms Funds Management.

The trio want to raise an initial $200 million from major superannuation funds
and public sector authorities for what will be one of the few rural trusts
targeting institutional investors.

Foundation deals are already being lined up for the Australian Farms Fund, which
will be officially launched early next year.

The plans have come to light just a week after Macquarie Bank dropped plans for
a rural property fund, after failing to attract enough super fund support to buy
a chain of cotton farms valued at more than $100 million.

Macquarie had intended to buy and lease back the farms from the privately held
Australian Food & Fibre.

The Macquarie setback has done little to dampen the enthusiasm of Mr Apted, who
said he believed the proposal foundered in part because of its sale and
lease-back structure.

In order to deliver double-digit returns to investors in what was still a
fledgling asset class, Mr Apted argued that it was necessary to control both the
property and the business.

"We don't believe you can separate the land investment from the farm business
investment - at least not yet," Mr Apted said.

"Farmers are telling us they will not pay rent on land at the yields typical of
the property trust sector."

Australian Farms Funds Management intends to run its properties by harnessing
the management skills of Mr Delahunty or by retaining the services of some of
its farm vendors.

Mr Apted said there also appeared to be some institutional resistance to owning
cotton properties, given their heavy reliance on water.

A key strategy of the Australian Farms Fund would be to invest across the
various agricultural sectors in crops, horticulture and livestock; as well as in
enhancements such as water rights, carbon credits and rural land in city fringe
areas, which could ultimately be sold for a higher and better use.

"If you've got scale, diversification and good management and apply modern
technology you can do very well, and the data bears that out," Mr Apted said.

While much of the recent investment in agribusiness has been funnelled through
tax driven managed investment schemes, Australian Farms Funds Management is
hoping it can attract sufficient superannuation fund support to promote a new
means of investing in the bush.

Mr Apted said the fund was being launched at a time when there were good buying
opportunities in a market that was being shaped by the forces of climate change
and drought.

"You need to get bigger scale and adopt much more sustainable practices," Mr
Apted said.

"There will be opportunity out of threat."

Mr Apted said the trio had already done 10 soundings with major superannuation
funds and received enough encouragement to believe that the venture was worth
pursuing.

And he is not alone in believing that rural property will become an increasingly
attractive asset class for institutional investors.

Last week, Australian Food & Fibre executive chairman David Robinson said that
while Macquarie's timing had been unfortunate, he believed local institutions
were likely to show growing interest in rural property.

"I think some time in future, super funds owning big rural properties will
happen - it's pretty common in Europe and the US," Mr Robinson said.

A rural fund has been on Mr Apted's radar for nearly six years.

He said Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics data
illustrated that top end agriculture had provided an average 9.9 per cent per
annum return for the period from 1988 to 2005.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pam Mitchell, Arthur Apted and Frank Delahunty are launching a
$200 million agricultural fund. Photo: WILL SALTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 21, 1980, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

2 ARE GUILTY OF LARCENY IN $10 MILLION S.B.A. FRAUD

BYLINE: By E. R. SHIPP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 1, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 747 words


A 41-year-old Manhattan business executive who headed the First Women's Small
Business Investment Corporation was found guilty last night of stealing more
than $10 million from the Federal Small Business Administration and five other
lending institutions.

The case against the executive, Sandra Brown, began last January when a grand
jury returned a 437-count indictment, charging that she had defrauded the
Federal Small Business Administration and several banks through an intricately
interwoven network of nonexistent and poorly capitalized corporations between
1976 and 1979. The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said it
was one of the longest and most complex indictments his office had ever sought.

The trial, too, was complex and costly, lasting nearly two months.  Miss Brown
said it cost her and Kenneth Martin, her accountant and co-defendant, $220,000
to defend themselves without a lawyer.

The crux of the charge was that Miss Brown, with the assistance of Mr. Martin,
had obtained Federal loan funds through grand larceny and forgery, by falsifying
business records and by filing false statements.

Miss Brown was found guilty on 76 counts of grand larceny, forgery and
conspiracy. Mr. Martin, was acquitted on the forgery charges but was found
guilty of grand larceny and conspiracy.

Miss Brown and Mr. Martin will be sentenced by Acting State Supreme Court
Justice Dennis Edwards on Feb. 6.  Miss Brown has said her only motive for
organizing the country's first federally licensed small-business investment
company to be headed by a woman was ''to start other bright young determined
people in business.''

''New companies create jobs and happiness for Americans,'' she said in her
opening statement.  However, John Moscow, the prosecutor, presented to the jury
of seven men and five women a different picture of Miss Brown and Mr.  Martin,
the accountant with whom she has lived for 13 years.

The state's case, supported by charts and corporate documents as well as the
testimony of Miss Brown's younger brother, Peter Senne, and a former bookkeeper,
Wendy Schantzer, depicted an elaborate conspiracy headed by Miss Brown and Mr.
Martin. That conspiracy supposedly involved more than 50 people working under
more than 80 corporate names.

Under the 20-year-old Small Business Administration program, if a group of
private investors pools $500,000 or more to invest in new or expanding small
enterprises, it can qualify for up to $4 of Federal money for every $1 the
investors put up.

Miss Schantzer, the former bookkeeper for what she said Mr. Martin referred to
as a ''mini-conglomerate,'' testified that the First Woman's Small Business
Investment Corporation never had $500,000 in the bank when it made its four
applications to the Government for loans. The books were ''phonied up,'' she
explained in meticulous detail over six days in November.

'Always Overextended Herself'

Witness after witness took the stand for the prosecution and painted a picture
of a woman who, in the words of Mr. Senne, ''has always overextended herself,''
who borrowed from loan sharks to meet payrolls in some companies, who directed
employees to doctor financial records, who led investors to believe they were
buying into one company while she recorded the money in the ledgers of other
companies, and who diverted funds for her own use to buy townhouses in the
Murray Hill section of Manhattan, a condominium in Southampton, L.I., a ski
lodge in Colorado, two boats and a helicopter.

During a recess one afternoon shortly after the trial began on Oct. 27, Miss
Brown said: ''We don't have the quarter of a million dollars that lawyers said
it would cost to defend us. A few years ago, I had perhaps $2 million, but now I
have nothing. We have sold everything.'''

She described the defense as ''my attempt to bring some small element of change
into our criminal-justice system.'' She has been the victim, she insisted, of an
overzealous prosecutor out to make a name for himself.

Miss Brown was convicted in Denver last April of obtaining $1.8 million from a
bank there through an elaborate check-kiting scheme.  She is free pending an
appeal of that conviction.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern District Times (Australia)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

A mansion betting the `Copper King'

BYLINE: Gregory Blaxell

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 330  words


RUSSELL Lea is a suburb within the local government area of the City of Canada
Bay.

Originally, the land was part of Surgeon John Harris's Five Dock Farm.

When that estate was bought by developer Samuel Lyons in 1837, the land was
subdivided.

In about 1880, entrepreneur Russell Barton bought 60 acres and built his city
home, Russell Lea. Barton (1830-1916) was born at Penge, a town to the south of
Greenwich and now part of the City of Greater London.

He arrived in Adelaide with this family in October 1839 and almost immediately
began working on rural properties in South Australia.

By 1845, he started as a carrier for the Burra copper mine.

The venture prospered and he became a self-employed carrier and road contractor.

In the early 1850s, he went prospecting for gold in Victoria but in 1853
returned to Adelaide and bought 250 acres of land near the city.

He married Jane McCullock Davie in 1855. After a disastrous fire on his Adelaide
property, he moved to Victoria and invested in a failed railway at Bendigo.

He returned to Adelaide.

Within a decade, he managed two rural properties, Tarcoon and Mooculta, on the
Bogan River in New South Wales and eventually bought Mooculta in 1868.

From this base, he organised travelling wool-scouring plants throughout the
western part of the state.

In the 1870s, he became a speculator in copper mining and in 1883 was chairman
of the Great Cobar Copper Mining Company.

He became known as the ``Copper King'' and was a director of 14 other mining
companies and chairman of eleven of those.

He extended his business investments into insurance and pastoral finance.

In 1880-86, he represented Bourke in the NSW Legislative Assembly.

It was during this time that he erected the imposing Victorian Italianate
mansion Russell Lea.

The house was on the northern side of Lyons Rd near Sibbick St.

The land around the mansion was subdivided in 1913.

Russell Barton died at Russell Lea on 30 June 1916, survived by his wife, three
sons and five daughters.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDG


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                  May 9, 2000

Region's plan for prosperity

BYLINE: By Chris Ward Business Editor, Cward@Derbytelegraph.Co.Uk

SECTION: Business: ECONOMY, Pg.01

LENGTH: 371 words


A THREE-YEAR business plan for the GBP 45bn economy of the East Midlands was
unveiled last night.

It is the first step towards taking the East Midlands up the European regional
prosperity league - from 37th place currently into the top 20 by the year 2010.

The aims were revealed to a gathering of 600 regional leaders by East Midlands
Development Agency, the body set up by the Government to drive forward the
economy of the region.

Included in the plans, which will account for most of the EMDA's GBP 250m budget
for the next three years are:

- Setting aside a massive strategic site close to the Derbyshire/Nottinghamshire
border, near Mansfield, for the next major job creator to come to the region.

- Establishing regeneration companies to bring new prosperity to the region's
cities including Derby.

- An overseas marketing campaign, on a scale never seen before, aimed at
attracting new business investment and increasing the number of foreign tourists
in the region to two million every year by 2010. Rural areas like the Derbyshire
Peak District is a particular targets for tourism.

A regional plan, setting out the work to be done in order to increase the
international trade of the region, will be published for consultation in the
autumn of this year.

It will be followed by a regional plan for encouraging business innovation which
will be published for consultation in December.

Development agency chairman Derek Mapp said: "We must now translate the region's
economic strategy into positive actions.  The whole region needs to get behind
the priorities for action in the plan if we are to succeed in achieving our
ambitious vision for the East Midlands."

In a series of additional announcements at the event which was chaired by
newscaster Pamela Armstrong, and also broadcast live on the Internet, it was
also revealed that:

- 1,500 new jobs will be secured for the region in coming months by a number of
inward investors.

- GBP 2m will be spent immediately on a new road and infrastructure in Pride
Park, Derby, opening up chances for more investment and new jobs.

- Almost GBP 500,000 will be given to farmers across the region to convert
derelict and unused buildings to new uses.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2000 Derby Evening Telegraph


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                       Scottish Youth Hostel Association

                                7 Glebe Crescent
                                Stirling FK8 2JA
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +44 1786 891 400
FAX: +44 1786 891 333
URL: www.syha.org.uk

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We are the largest Hostel accommodation provider in Scotland with 4,500 beds
in more than 67 locations.  The SYHA is a self-governing voluntary organisation,
established in 1931, with over 30,000 current members. As a not-for-profit
business, we invest back into the organisation, enabling us to develop the
network to ensure high standards in existing properties. 67 Scottish Hostels
including purpose-built premises, historic buildings and country cottages - in
towns and cities, and in remote, rural and island locations.  SYHA is a leading
member of the International Youth Hostel Federation (IYHF) which embraces 60
countries, 4,000 Hostels world-wide and the European Union Federation of Youth
Hostel Associations (EUFED). 60% of SYHA visitors are from outside Scotland,
contributing to the economic health of our cities and more importantly ,fragile
rural communities (particularly the north and north-west Highlands). The SYHA is
a significant local employer throughout Scotland, professionally staffed by more
than 450 employees.  We are a major player in Scottish tourism, with an annual
turnover exceeding Â£6 million. With over 500,000 overnights each season and an
estimated total value to the Scottish economy in excess of Â£20 million per
annum.  SYHA is a founder member of the Visit Scotland Quality Assurance Grading
Scheme for Hostels and is the original green tourism business. Environmental
care has been our philosophy since starting out in 1931. SYHA has more
environmental awa

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         April 14, 1993, Wednesday, AM

Rae's plan: Tax and axe

BYLINE: By William Walker TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 832 words


   Ontarians will soon pay higher taxes to a government that intends to spend
less while trying to maintain essential programs, Ontario's New Democrat
government said yesterday in its third Speech from the Throne.

"This speech is not about business as usual. We are living in times of great
change," Lieutenant-Governor Hal Jackman read from the prepared text.

"Our plan to put Ontario back to work includes immediate action to bring the
provincial debt under control. This year, we will put the province's finances on
a course to ensure we can deliver the jobs and services people expect from their
government.

That means "reductions in government expenditures, raising new revenues through
taxes and sale of assets, and the negotiation of a social contract."

If government jobs aren't eliminated, programs cut, assets sold and taxes
raised, Ontario would have a deficit of $17 billion in its 1993-94 budget, due
next month, the speech warns.

At that pace, the provincial debt would almost double by 1996, to $120 billion.

"Ontario would then be trapped in the debt quagmire that has afflicted Canada
under the recent Liberal and Conservative administrations," Jackman told the 130
members of the Legislature and about 400 invited guests.

"If we fail to act now, our public services will become unaffordable."

The speech marked the beginning of the third session of Ontario's 35th
Parliament, after a long winter break.

It includes pledges to establish province-wide Grade 9 proficiency testing in
reading and writing, creation of an education commission to find out why
students aren't learning to read and write properly, and $25 million to create
10,000 summer jobs for students.

The speech signalled that Premier Bob Rae is determined to stimulate job
creation by improving Ontario's image as a place to invest.

But the Premier said he won't exempt corporations from higher taxes just because
he wants a better investment climate to create new jobs.

"Everyone has to pay their fair share," Rae told reporters. "I've had a lot of
lectures from the business community about the deficit, but it's absolutely
incumbent on the business community that they do their bit. Every single person
has to do their bit."

The speech does promise to encourage business investment in Ontario through
creation of a "one-stop shopping" Ontario Investment Centre, a provincial
investment fund and a Community Economic Initiative for small businesses in
rural and Northern Ontario towns.

It also marks the completion of a complete reversal for Rae, whose
much-criticized first budget included a $9 billion deficit aimed at stimulating
the economy.

"Just as it made sense in our budgets of 1991 and 1992, at the height of the
recession, to accept higher borrowing, it makes equal sense to reduce provincial
borrowing now the recovery is underway," the speech states.

"Our challenge is to turn the need for cost reductions into an opportunity. To
maintain investments in jobs and training. To improve essential services. To
work out, in partnership with public-sector employees and employers, ways to
make their work more efficient and the services they provide more affordable."

Opposition leaders said those efforts were far overshadowed by the government's
wrongheaded intention to raise taxes yet again.

"There is no indication about a better climate in Ontario to do business - only
a mention of new taxes," complained Liberal Leader Lyn McLeod. "This is just not
a time to increase taxes."

Progressive Conservative Leader Mike Harris said the province's tax capacity has
already been exhausted and further increases will strangle consumer spending and
discourage job-creating investment.

"We can get more taxes from business if we have more businesses. We can get more
taxes from people if we have more people working. This government seems to miss
the point," Harris said.

Rae admitted the speech contains few new measures, but said he didn't set out to
do things differently.

"Novelty is not necessarily the name of the game . . . governing is not a public
relations exercise," he said at a news conference. "We've got to get things we
pledged to do up and running."

Principal among those are three crown corporations that are to spend $6 billion
over the next decade to build new highways and public transit systems, improve
water quality and conservation, and expand telecommunications networks.

The speech also promised the government would move ahead with pay equity, enact
an Environmental Bill of Rights, pass an Employment Equity Act and release a
discussion paper on social assistance reform.

"There is not a single new idea in this throne speech. These are recycled
programs the government has not been able to get off the ground or that have
proven not to work in the past," McLeod said.

"This government is morally broke and intellectually broke," said Harris.

See related stories on pages A8 and A9

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star color photo (Spremo): PAGEANTRY MARRED: A Horse Guard rider is
briefly knocked unconscious when she is thrown during ceremonies preceding
Throne Speech. Pat Van Remple's horse was apparently spooked by protesters; Star
photo (Goode): SPEAKING FOR GOVERNMENT: 'We are living in times of great
change,' Lt.-Gov. Hal Jackman warned in the throne speech that opened a new
sitting of the Legislature.

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Maine woods businesses awarded over $16,000 to improve tourism offerings

LENGTH: 384 words


Businesses across the Maine Woods have taken advantage of a matching grant
program from the Maine Woods Tourism Training Initiative to help secure expert
assistance to improve their business.


Grants and technical assistance have been awarded to 26 companies so far,
providing more than $16,000 in funding for innovation - with funds still
available to assist additional tourism businesses.


The $500 to $1,000 grants help tourism businesses hire consultants on topics
such as social media marketing, customer service, customer relations management,
business management and more.


Twelve businesses in rural Maine Woods communities have used the grants awarded
to date to take on projects for which they needed outside help. Locally, the Red
Moose Inn and Gift Shop in Patten was among those businesses to receive grant
money.


"The grant was a big help to us and we probably wouldn't have done a new website
at this time without the financial help, said Polly Mahoney of Mahoosuc Guide
Service, a tourism provider in Newry, Maine. Other businesses have reported that
the small grants offer enough assistance to take on projects that otherwise
would have been out of their budget.


"We know that many small business owners are generalists, learning as they go,"
said Mike Wilson, senior program director for the Northern Forest Center which
administers the program. "These small grants help businesses take advantage of
specialized outside expertise to address immediate business needs."


Grant funding is still available to help other tourism businesses to improve
their operations. Projects are evaluated case-by-base and applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis until Nov. 1. Grants will match the businesses'
investment by as much as one-to-one toward the cost of the consultant, and be
distributed on a reimbursement basis.


Contact the following county representatives for information or to receive an
application.


- Aroostook: Alain Ouellette, Northern Maine Development Commission,
aoullette@nmdc.org 498-8736.


- Penobscot: Mike Wilson, Northern Forest Center, mwilson@northernforest.org
767-9952


- Piscataquis: Georgia Underwood, Piscataquis County Economic Development
Council georgia.underwood@pcedc.org 540-0269.


- Washington: Jen Peters, Sunrise County Economic Council,
scec@sunrisecounty.org 255-0983.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Maine woods businesses awarded over $16,000 to improve tourism offerings

LENGTH: 384 words


Businesses across the Maine Woods have taken advantage of a matching grant
program from the Maine Woods Tourism Training Initiative to help secure expert
assistance to improve their business.


Grants and technical assistance have been awarded to 26 companies so far,
providing more than $16,000 in funding for innovation - with funds still
available to assist additional tourism businesses.


The $500 to $1,000 grants help tourism businesses hire consultants on topics
such as social media marketing, customer service, customer relations management,
business management and more.


Twelve businesses in rural Maine Woods communities have used the grants awarded
to date to take on projects for which they needed outside help. Locally, the Red
Moose Inn and Gift Shop in Patten was among those businesses to receive grant
money.


"The grant was a big help to us and we probably wouldn't have done a new website
at this time without the financial help, said Polly Mahoney of Mahoosuc Guide
Service, a tourism provider in Newry, Maine. Other businesses have reported that
the small grants offer enough assistance to take on projects that otherwise
would have been out of their budget.


"We know that many small business owners are generalists, learning as they go,"
said Mike Wilson, senior program director for the Northern Forest Center which
administers the program. "These small grants help businesses take advantage of
specialized outside expertise to address immediate business needs."


Grant funding is still available to help other tourism businesses to improve
their operations. Projects are evaluated case-by-base and applications will be
accepted on a rolling basis until Nov. 1. Grants will match the businesses'
investment by as much as one-to-one toward the cost of the consultant, and be
distributed on a reimbursement basis.


Contact the following county representatives for information or to receive an
application.


- Aroostook: Alain Ouellette, Northern Maine Development Commission,
aoullette@nmdc.org 498-8736.


- Penobscot: Mike Wilson, Northern Forest Center, mwilson@northernforest.org
767-9952


- Piscataquis: Georgia Underwood, Piscataquis County Economic Development
Council georgia.underwood@pcedc.org 540-0269.


- Washington: Jen Peters, Sunrise County Economic Council,
scec@sunrisecounty.org 255-0983.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Australian (Australia)

                           November 30, 2006 Thursday
                           All-round Country Edition

Trade deficit grows as boom spurs imports

BYLINE: David Uren Economics correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 512  words


A FLOOD of imports is overwhelming the nation's returns from booming minerals
shipments, pushing the trade balance deeper into deficit.

The $1.3 billion trade deficit last month was the worst since May and was the
result of a surge in purchases of consumer goods and capital goods for business.

Economists suggested the purchases of consumer goods were driven by retailers
stocking up for Christmas, while business purchases of machinery and computers
pointed to healthy levels of investment. ''The surge in imports suggests the
local economy is in strong shape,'' Commonwealth Bank economist Joe Capurso
said. The dollar, which rose to US78.4c, its highest point in 20 months, before
the trade figures were announced, slipped only slightly to US77.8c.

Commonwealth Bank currency strategist Richard Grace said: ''When there is a
strong global economy and quite a strong Australian economy, the international
investment community is very tolerant of trade and current account deficits.''

The strength of the dollar, which is supported by the elevated prices for
resource exports, is contributing to the lopsided export performance.

The resource industry is making huge profits from soaring prices and is
untroubled by the higher dollar.

Shipments of metal ores in October reached $3 billion -- a 41per cent increase
from a year ago -- while sales of metals such as aluminium and zinc ingot are up
72 per cent to $1.2 billion.

However, exports of machinery, cars and other manufactured goods have increased
in value by only 4 per cent to a combined $2.4 billion.

''There is strong evidence that the boom in mining is putting the squeeze on
traditional traded sectors, particularly manufacturing, which is pretty sick in
NSW and Victoria,'' said University of Griffith economist Tony Makin.

The Australian dollar is trading 30 per cent above levels in early 2003, when
resource prices first started rising, and 60 per cent above the low point in
2002.

Professor Makin said the rural sector had been hit by drought, a high dollar and
interest rates.

Rural exports are still holding up, with October shipments of $2.2 billion up by
9 per cent from last year. However, meat sales, which are up by 18 per cent to
$630 million, were supported by farmers selling animals they could no longer
feed.

Mr Capurso said previous droughts cut rural exports by 20per cent. He
foreshadowed a fall in rural sales next year.

''Winding back the trade deficit could be a slow process,'' he said. Australia's
trade has been in deficit since April 2002.

The high value of the dollar is making imports less expensive. Imports of motor
vehicles, household appliances, clothing and processed food were all at record
levels in October.

Motor vehicle imports reached $1.3 billion, a 20 per cent increase from a year
ago, while purchases of appliances have risen by 41 per cent, reaching $430
million.

Business investment is adding to the import bill.

Purchases of computers in October were 34.5per cent above last year's levels,
reaching $600million. Imports of industrial equipment rose by 22.6per cent to
$1.4 billion.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             June 5, 1997 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Economy on track for 4pc growth

BYLINE: Michael Dwyer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 793 words


The Federal Government has played down a sharp drop in the annual economic
growth rate revealed in yesterday's March-quarter national accounts, claiming
the economy will strengthen over the next year.

The figures released by the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed that the
economy grew by 0.9 per cent in the March quarter, after seasonal adjustment,
the result of buoyant consumer spending, strong business investment and an
improving housing sector.

Although the 2.4 per cent annual rate of GDP growth was well down on the 3.1 per
cent recorded in the December quarter, this largely reflected the "dropping out"
of the unusually high March 1996 growth figure.

A big rundown in business inventories in the March quarter of 1997 also dragged
growth down considerably, lopping 1.7 percentage points off the expansion in the
period.

But as the rundown took the ratio of stocks to sales to its lowest level ever
recorded, the rebuilding of inventory levels through the rest of the year is
expected to provide a strong boost to production and growth in coming quarters.

The figures suggest the economy is on track to grow by 4 per cent or more this
year if the strengthening growth in the March quarter is sustained.

But more recent figures indicate the recovery could still run into difficulties.

Retail trade figures for April and business investment projections for the next
year have been particularly weak.

The Federal Treasurer, Mr Peter Costello, said the national accounts figures
pointed to strong economic prospects in the year ahead.

"If you wanted to get a set of national accounts which would show favourable
prospects, these are the kind of accounts that you would want," Mr Costello told
Parliament.

The Treasurer said that, even if stock levels did not change in the June
quarter, the improvement on the March-quarter inventory performance would add
around 1 percentage point to GDP growth.

Financial markets were relatively unmoved by the national accounts figures,
which were slightly stronger than analysts had expected, with the yield on the
benchmark October 2007 bond closing unchanged at 7.37 per cent. April 2000 bonds
were yielding 6.19 at the end of the day's trade, two basis points higher, while
the Australian dollar also strengthened slightly.

The national accounts data showed particularly strong growth in business
investment in the first three months of the year, with capital expenditure on
equipment up 3.1 per cent and non-residential construction rebounding by 11.2
per cent.

The rural and mining industries did particularly well in the quarter, as did
communications services and the hospitality trade.

But manufacturing continues to lag. The manufacturing sector is now in technical
recession, having seen production drop in

real terms by 0.2 per cent in the March quarter after a 2.6 per cent decline in
the previous three months.

Labor yesterday used the poor performance of the manufacturing sector to attack
the Government on the industry policy issue.

"The Government's election promise to create 200,000 new jobs in manufacturing
is now in tatters," said Labor's industry spokesman, Mr Simon Crean.

Mr Costello conceded the manufacturing sector had been "rather flat", but said
manufacturers would benefit from the recent depreciation of the Australian
dollar.

The Treasurer acknowledged that this drop in the local currency would also have
an impact on inflation, but argued that the national accounts data showed price
pressures remain under control.

Implicit price deflators published in the national accounts - which provide a
broader but more dated measure of price movements than the consumer price index
- confirm inflation remains low.

The private consumption deflator rose 0.4 per cent in the quarter, with its
annual rate standing comfortably below 2 per cent at 1.5 per cent.

Mr Costello said wages growth had yet to cross into the Reserve Bank's "danger
zone", despite a rise in the national accounts measure of wages growth to an
annual rate of 4.5 per cent.

A further fall in the trend measure of productivity growth could also add to
wages pressure. The annual growth in trend GDP(P) per hour worked for the
non-farm market sector fell to 1.1 per cent in the March quarter from 2.1 per
cent in the last three months in 1996.

The Reserve's 4.5 per cent wages growth speed limit is premised on an underlying
inflation rate of 2.5 per cent and productivity growth of 2 per cent.

Separate data released by the ABS yesterday show Australia's net foreign debt
grew by close to $1 billion to $200 billion in the March quarter, and now stands
7.3 per cent higher than a year ago.

The ratio of net debt to GDP fell slightly from 39.7 per cent in the December
quarter to 39.4 per cent in the March quarter.

Analysis Alan Mitchell - page 12

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Non-residential construction rebounded. Picture: MAYU KANAMORI
Graph: GROWING PAINS Source: ABS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1997 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           November 3, 1999 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Don't fight the wrong enemy

BYLINE: Michael Chaney - Michael Chaney is the managing director of Wesfarmers
Ltd. This is adapted from his address to last week's Regional Australia Summit
in Canberra.

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1019 words


Economic reform is the perfect prescription for battlers in the bush, insists
Michael Chaney.

In recent years many rural Australians have complained about the great pace of
economic change. Government, the argument goes, should slow and moderate this
change in order to accommodate the special circumstances of the bush.

I have a different view. Rural people are at least as capable of creative
adaptation as are urban Australians. Faced with the same opportunities, they
will prosper in the same way as other Australians. The types of policies that
have been so successful in lifting national economic performance from
dismantling the tariff wall to deregulating telecommunications, the financial
system and domestic aviation will also work in the bush.

Rather than slowing down the rate of change in rural Australia, we should speed
it up in a way that takes account of the particular characteristics of regional
Australia and the particular requirements for rural development.

And if we want to reduce rural poverty, social unrest, regional unemployment and
despair in rural Australia, the most important thing that we must do is to speed
up the rate of economic development in country areas.

This requires a higher rate of growth in business investment and capital
formation. It requires a faster rate of increase in the level of rural education
and human skills. And it requires an increased rate of technological progress in
rural industries and services.

To many, these truths are not self-evident. Common sense tells us that
technological progress displaces workers. And our common sense is not wrong.

As we have seen in urban Australia, faster technological progress has indeed
displaced workers in some industries. Yet this has been accompanied by declining
national unemployment, not rising unemployment.

During the period of our history when the rate of unemployment grew the fastest
the 1970s the rate of technological progress was the slowest. During that
period, too, the rate of business capital formation was poor much slower than
the rate of growth in the labour force.

If we are to address seriously the problems of rural and regional Australia
today, we should learn from this history. Now, of course, the policies that have
resulted in faster national growth and lower unemployment have not been
particularly popular. They include cuts in government spending, reduced
protection against imports, privatisation of public enterprises, deregulation of
markets, National Competition Policy (NCP) and workplace reform.

Because the period during which these policies have been applied has coincided
with a period of poor economic performance in rural Australia, they have become
even more unpopular in the bush than they have been in urban Australia. Rapid
technological progress, exemplified in the closure of bank branches, has added
fears in rural Australia that competition and globalisation are the problem,
rather than the solution to the problem.

But in attacking policies such as NCP, many rural leaders are fighting the wrong
enemy. After all, the national program of economic reform what has become known
as economic rationalism covering the past 15 years has brought benefits to the
bush, as well as to urban Australia.

These benefits include prices for fuel, electricity, telephones, handling and
storage, postage, rail freight, stevedoring all of which are lower than they
otherwise would have been. And that is not to mention lower interest rates and
lower costs of imported plant, equipment and motor vehicles. The benefits of
economic reform are very real.

There are further economic reforms in the pipeline that will bring additional
benefits to rural Australia. These include the introduction of the GST and,
importantly, the business tax recommendations of the Ralph committee.

Rural Australians should loudly applaud all of these initiatives and should be
particularly vigilant in monitoring the passage of the business tax package
through the Senate.

True, some people complain that country Australia is still battling despite
receiving these "dividends". Part of the reason lies in cyclically low commodity
prices and, before that, in unfavourable seasonal conditions.

But these factors do not provide the whole story. The economic policy chain is
only as strong as its weakest links. And there are some weak links that
particularly affect the process of regional development. Consider just three of
these:Underinvestment in education: The proportion of farmers with formal
post-high school education is less than half what it is in the general
population.

Fortunately, there are solutions available that will speed the rate of human
capital formation among existing farmers. These rely on investing in farmer
training in such a way that they will generate their own "social capital" and
continue to process themselves. The recently reviewed Nuffield Farming
Scholarship is an outstanding example. The problem is that we are underinvesting
in such programs.Poor communications: This is critical to higher business
efficiency, especially in the bush. Yet you only have to travel in rural areas
to see how poorly rural people are serviced.

Many see continuing public ownership of telephone companies as the cure. Yet the
existing inadequacies have emerged in a regulated environment. Why should more
regulation, rather than less, be the solution? And why is it that in a less
regulated television market, Austar has been able to embrace new technology and
get satellite TV in so many rural homes in such a short time?Constrained
marketing arrangements: Rural Australia has relied for too long on marketing
arrangements which are statutory rather than market driven. This has resulted in
no world-class agribusinesses developing in Australia.

Rural Australians must resist the temptation to try to arrest or reverse the
inevitable forces driving change and instead focus on how to capitalise on the
opportunities of economic reform.

At the end of the day what will drive investment and job creation in regional
areas is the existence of highly productive, highly efficient rural and resource
sectors.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1999 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

Nestlé stresses long-term commitment to Pakistan

LENGTH: 359  words


Reiterating its commitment to Pakistan and the consumers, Nestlé has said the
company is here for the long term and will do business in ways that specifically
address global and local issues in the areas of nutrition, water and rural
development.

"We are in Pakistan for the long term and are part of its economy. We rely on
the government to continue to provide a favourable policy and economic
environment for the dairy industry. We remain committed to providing our
consumers with high-value and quality products," said Nestlé Pakistan Managing
Director Magdi Batato in a statement.

He thanked Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for showing confidence in the company and
creating conducive business environment.

The prime minister, while speaking at the Pak-Turkey Business and Investment
Forum in Istanbul last week, highlighted Pakistan's top global ranking in the
milk industry and used Nestlé's growth and investment as an example of the
existing potential.

Nestlé has established one of the largest milk receiving facilities in Pakistan
along with many milk production plants, with the latest investment being the
$140 million milk drying plant in Sheikhupura which was inaugurated in 2013.

Citing Turkey's example, Magdi said there was a lot that can be learnt from how
the milk industry in Turkey had been supported through right regulations to make
it competitive, for instance the minimum pasteurisation law.

Seventy per cent of milk produced in Turkey was processed and packaged compared
to the packaged industry in Pakistan which was just 4% of the milk market, he
said.

He stressed that Pakistan also had a great potential for dairy exports, but that
was hampered by inefficiencies at the farm level, leaving the country
uncompetitive in the international market.

"If such challenges are addressed, the industry will not only blossom but
Pakistan can become a major exporter of dairy products in the region. By
installing the state-of-the-art milk drying plant, Nestlé is looking forward to
being able to further contribute to those exports," he said. "Nestlé Pakistan
will continue to play a leading role in the food and nutrition business," he
remarked.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            April 19, 1995 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

South African mission seeks Aust investment

BYLINE: GEOFFREY BARKER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 446 words


EDDIE Funde was the African National Council's chief representative in Canberra
between 1983 and 1992. Yesterday he returned - not as an anti-apartheid
activist, but as an economic emissary seeking Australian government and business
investment in South Africa.

Mr Funde is now executive director of the South Africa Research and Development
Trust (SARDET), set up last year to deliver housing, education, electricity,
water, sewerage, telecommunications and local government to South Africa's
disadvantaged black communities.

With Mr Nape Maepa, SARDET's program director, Mr Funde is visiting the
Government, aid agencies and private business to seek their involvement in the
provision of infrastructure for poor rural communities who have lacked basic
services and local government for generations.

Their pitch to business is simple. As Mr Funde said: "Eighty-five per cent of
the population is black. That's where the market is, that's where the potential
is, that's where the thirst for knowledge is. If you are interested in business
relations, it is logical to talk business relations with the majority of the
population."

Mr Maepe said there was no better time for companies to establish relations with
poor communities in order to take part in development projects being developed
by SARDET. Essentially, he said, the communities lacked capital and access to
technical know-how.

SARDET, a non-government consulting company, is acting to link development
projects to funding through approaches to governments, aid agencies and private
business.

Mr Maepa said SARDET's first pilot project, the Lepelle Development Trust in
northern Transvaal, would deliver water, sewerage, telephones and electricity to
750,000 people in 26 villages. In all these areas there were opportunities for
private business joint ventures with the communities.

SARDET'S aim was to create enterprises, economic activity and jobs to overcome
the poverty and unemployment that were the root causes of South Africa's
so-called culture of non-payment, he said.

Mr Funde said he and Mr Maepa hoped to access Australian expertise in dry-land
farming techniques. Already, he said, an Australian company was preparing to
help black South Africans to develop hydroponic farming, a technique not now
available to black farmers in South Africa.

A major problem faced by black entrepreneurs was the reluctance of South African
banks to lend to people without any "track record".

"If there are not enough South African companies prepared to give people a
chance, we know that a lot of people worldwide would be happy to help because
they understand that people are emerging from apartheid and need help," Mr Funde
said.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: SEEKING AUSTRALIAN EXPERTISE: Mr Eddie Funde and Mr Nape Maepa
yesterday. Picture: ANDREW TAYLOR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1995 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Brexit tops the agenda as Union and IFA meet

LENGTH: 493  words


Concerns around the impact of the UK leaving the EU and key Rural Development
Programme policy issues were the main focus of a recent meeting between the
Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) and the Irish Farmers' Association (IFA).

UFU deputy president, Victor Chestnutt said: "Given that the farmers in the
south are our closest neighbours, understandably there are common concerns that
will affect everyone on this island. Perhaps the most prominent issue at the
minute is the impact of Brexit."

Mr Chestnutt went on to highlight that, historically. there have been strong
links between the farming industries north and south of the border and that over
the years this trade has been hugely important' in developing agri-food into the
largest industry in each of the respective economies.

"Any future trade negotiations between the UK and the EU must take this into
consideration," he added.

The cross border meeting also gave representatives from both organisations an
opportunity to discuss key areas of the Rural Development Programme, in
particular concerns in relation to the areas of natural constraint (ANC)
designation.

"I think it is clear that the EU requirement to designate an ANC is yet another
example of how a one size fits all policy does not work in practise," said Mr
Chestnutt.

"The ANC maps that have been drafted by DAERA do not accurately reflect the true
areas of natural constraint and this goes against the very principles of the EU
regulation, which is to define disadvantaged areas that require additional
support.

"We don't believe DAERA is entirely to blame for this, such is the complexity of
this process, however in the context of the circumstances surrounding Brexit we
would now strongly question whether this requirement should be relevant
anymore."

He continued: "Farmers have become accustomed to the existing severely
disadvantaged areas map and we see no reason to change. This is an early
opportunity for the DAERA Minister to make a break from EU regulations by
challenging the Commission on this requirement.

"Pushing for a derogation or at worst seeking an extension on the date we are
due to designate by would reduce the burden for both farmers and DAERA, allowing
us to concentrate on more important priorities such as trade."

At the meeting the UFU also discussed the farm investment scheme (TAMS) that is
operating in the Republic of Ireland.

Fencing has been a key addition to TAMS, such is the appetite to improve
livestock and grassland management in the south. Chestnutt noted that this
appetite exists amongst farmers in Northern Ireland as well.

"Farmers in Northern Ireland have demonstrated a keen interest to include
fencing in the Farm Business Investment Scheme," he explained.

"We now need DAERA to make sure that this option is made available. A fencing
scheme which delivers appropriate levels of funding for long lasting fencing
products is essential if we are to help make our livestock sector more
sustainable."

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Brexit tops the agenda as Union and IFA meet

LENGTH: 493  words


Concerns around the impact of the UK leaving the EU and key Rural Development
Programme policy issues were the main focus of a recent meeting between the
Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) and the Irish Farmers' Association (IFA).

UFU deputy president, Victor Chestnutt said: "Given that the farmers in the
south are our closest neighbours, understandably there are common concerns that
will affect everyone on this island. Perhaps the most prominent issue at the
minute is the impact of Brexit."

Mr Chestnutt went on to highlight that, historically. there have been strong
links between the farming industries north and south of the border and that over
the years this trade has been hugely important' in developing agri-food into the
largest industry in each of the respective economies.

"Any future trade negotiations between the UK and the EU must take this into
consideration," he added.

The cross border meeting also gave representatives from both organisations an
opportunity to discuss key areas of the Rural Development Programme, in
particular concerns in relation to the areas of natural constraint (ANC)
designation.

"I think it is clear that the EU requirement to designate an ANC is yet another
example of how a one size fits all policy does not work in practise," said Mr
Chestnutt.

"The ANC maps that have been drafted by DAERA do not accurately reflect the true
areas of natural constraint and this goes against the very principles of the EU
regulation, which is to define disadvantaged areas that require additional
support.

"We don't believe DAERA is entirely to blame for this, such is the complexity of
this process, however in the context of the circumstances surrounding Brexit we
would now strongly question whether this requirement should be relevant
anymore."

He continued: "Farmers have become accustomed to the existing severely
disadvantaged areas map and we see no reason to change. This is an early
opportunity for the DAERA Minister to make a break from EU regulations by
challenging the Commission on this requirement.

"Pushing for a derogation or at worst seeking an extension on the date we are
due to designate by would reduce the burden for both farmers and DAERA, allowing
us to concentrate on more important priorities such as trade."

At the meeting the UFU also discussed the farm investment scheme (TAMS) that is
operating in the Republic of Ireland.

Fencing has been a key addition to TAMS, such is the appetite to improve
livestock and grassland management in the south. Chestnutt noted that this
appetite exists amongst farmers in Northern Ireland as well.

"Farmers in Northern Ireland have demonstrated a keen interest to include
fencing in the Farm Business Investment Scheme," he explained.

"We now need DAERA to make sure that this option is made available. A fencing
scheme which delivers appropriate levels of funding for long lasting fencing
products is essential if we are to help make our livestock sector more
sustainable."

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday
                                 First Edition

On the boil, yet not bubbling over;
MARKET STRATEGIES

BYLINE: David Bassanese

SECTION: SMART MONEY; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 651 words


The Chinese economy is never far from the financial market headlines these days,
and the past week's super-strong June-quarter national accounts report has again
captured global attention. In a word, China is going gangbusters, with growth of
11.9 per cent over the past year - a decade high. That has led to concern
whether one of the world's largest economies - and the fastest growing - is
overheating. Could it collapse in a heap sending commodity prices down with it?

However, the evidence is quite mixed. China still needs to do much to reform its
economy if it is to continue climbing the development ladder - and it probably
will. But reforms to date have been understandably cautious.

Performance speaks for itself.

Over the past decade, China has averaged annual growth of around 9 per cent and
more than 10 per cent since 2005. Real gross domestic product in 2005 was about
12 times the level of 1978.

Given its 1.2 billion people - a fifth of the world's population - sustaining
growth at that pace is no mean feat and ensures millions more escape poverty
each year.

The surging stockmarket is one apparent sign of overheating. The Shanghai
composite index gained 130 per cent last year and rose a further 60 per cent up
until May this year. It's trading at 30 times one-year forward earnings.

Money supply growth is also very strong and related to the challenge of
maintaining a pegged exchange rate system in the face of a large trade surplus
and eager foreign investment capital inflows. M2, a broad measure of money, was
up 17.1 per cent in the year to June, just above the central bank's 16 per cent
annual growth target.

Business investment and exports have been major contributors to economic growth.

Business investment accounts for more than 40 per cent of total output, while
net exports have increased from around 2 per cent of GDP in 2003 to almost 8 per
cent. Consumer spending, meanwhile, has slipped in recent years and is
relatively low by international standards at around 40 per cent of GDP.

But in analysing the economy, we need to distinguish between longer-term
structural and short-run cyclical problems.

It's true that China's growth remains unbalanced: ideally it should invest less
and consume more - which would also help reduce its trade surplus and take some
upward pressure off the exchange rate. It would also ease protectionist
pressures globally.

China might find productivity growth and living standards have improved more
quickly, as the evidence suggests a good deal of business investment is not
overly useful and has led to excess capacity in steel, aluminium, cars and
cement.

But these are long-term structural issues China must deal with, albeit at a
probably slower pace than the West would like.

It's less clear that China faces severe macro-economic overheating that could
derail its economy.

The stockmarket has roared, but it's partly justified by equally strong growth
in corporate earnings and government tightening measures have checked the
market's advance recently.

Elsewhere, stripping out a surge in food prices - due to supply issues such as
weather and disease that has crushed pig stocks - Lehman Brothers economist
Mingchun Sun estimates non-food prices are up only 1.1 per cent through the year
"suggesting that underlying inflation is still subdued".

That suggests the economy is growing within its capacity - not too surprising
given the vast supply of rural workers moving into industry and strong business
investment in industrial capacity.

Recent economic data reveal signs of rebalancing: a quickening pace in retail
sales and household income, and stronger business investment in the provinces,
rather than coastal towns. According to Mingchun Sun: "We see more welcome signs
from today's data release than worries about the economy to become overheated."

No doubt the authorities would agree and are not likely to overly slow the
economy anytime soon.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO GRAPHS: M'OLD CHINA Chinese GDP growth, Chinese inflation SOURCE:
Datastream, BNP Paribas, CEIC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 23, 2016 Saturday

Preparation And Management And Reporting Of The Project Rehabilitation Of Areas
For Public Use In Settlements In The Municipality Of Breznik .

LENGTH: 532  words


Contract notice: "preparation and management and reporting of the project"
rehabilitation of areas for public use in settlements in the municipality of
breznik "".
The contract covers the implementation of the following integrated activities:




a) Activity ? 1: Preparation and completion of application support and project
proposal for grant assistance;


b) Activity ? 2: Consulting services in the management and implementation of the
project.
Activity ? 1 covers the preparation and completion of application support and
project proposal for granting financial assistance in accordance with the
guidelines of the State Fund "Agriculture" (SFA) pursuant to Art. 26, para. 1 of
the management of funds from the European structural and investment funds
(ZUSES) and the applicable Ordinance of the Minister of Agriculture and Food
pursuant to Art. 9a of Law to support farmers (LSAP), including:


a) Support of the contracting authority in the preparation of technical
investment projects in order to ensure their compliance with the rules of the
Rural Development Programme 2014-2020;


b) Determination of the project budget by specifying the scope of the objects of
investment intervention after drawn Bills of Quantities in business investment
projects;


c) Preparation of analyzes of economic sustainability of the project;


d) Preparation and completion of application support and project proposal;


e) Communication and correspondence with the managing body - the State Fund
"Agriculture" (SFA);


f) Processing remarks by the Managing Authority during the preliminary and
ongoing evaluation of the project proposal;


g) Technical assistance and advice to the contracting authority for updating of
outputs for signing the grant agreement on the project.
Activity ? 2 covers comprehensive expert advice and technical assistance for the
project by the developer, including:


a) expert, organizational and technical assistance activities of the Management
Unit (PMU) appointed by the contracting authority;


b) Implementation of effective cooperation and coordination between the parties
involved in the project - Breznik municipality, PMU, the contractors to
implement the project activities (designer / and / builder / and / consultant /
and / engaged / and / construction supervision, etc.), the managing authority
and others. stakeholders;


c) Advice and assistance for the implementation of guidelines, rules and
procedures relating to the management and implementation of the project
(including in respect of procurement, monitoring and reporting, verification and
payment and cost accounting, administration and reporting irregularities);

d) Operating support team sponsor in the implementation of administrative,
technical and financial management of the project as well as expert and
organizational assistance of the contracting authority taking into account the
project
Major organization : OBSHTINA BREZNIK

Address : Ul. Elena Georgieva  No. 16
Breznik
2360
Contact Person:
Ivan Dimitrov Bachvarov

Country :Bulgaria
Email : obshtina_breznik@abv.bg

Url : http://www.breznik.info

Tender notice number : 254753-2016

Notice type : Tender Notice

Open date : 2016-08-22

Tender documents : T34606919.html

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 81


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 22, 2016 Friday

Preparation And Management Of The Project New Construction, Reconstruction And
Rehabilitation Of Water Supply Networks In The Municipality Of Breznik .

LENGTH: 527  words


Contract notice: preparation and management of the project "new construction,
reconstruction and rehabilitation of water supply networks in the municipality
of breznik" .
The contract covers the implementation of the following integrated activities:




a) Activity ? 1: Preparation and completion of application support and project
proposal for grant assistance;


b) Activity ? 2: Consulting services in the management and implementation of the
project.
Activity ? 1 covers the preparation and completion of application support and
project proposal for granting financial assistance in accordance with the
guidelines of the State Fund "Agriculture" (SFA) pursuant to Art. 26, para. 1 of
the management of funds from the European structural and investment funds
(ZUSES) and the applicable Ordinance of the Minister of Agriculture and Food
pursuant to Art. 9a of Law to support farmers (LSAP), including:


a) Support of the contracting authority in the preparation of technical
investment projects in order to ensure their compliance with the rules of the
Rural Development Programme 2014-2020;


b) Determination of the project budget by specifying the scope of the objects of
investment intervention after drawn Bills of Quantities in business investment
projects;


c) Preparation of analyzes of economic sustainability of the project;


d) Preparation and completion of application support and project proposal;


e) Communication and correspondence with the Managing Authority - State Fund
"Agriculture" (SFA);


f) Processing remarks by the Managing Authority during the preliminary and
ongoing evaluation of the project proposal;


g) Technical assistance and advice to the contracting authority for updating of
outputs for signing the grant agreement on the project.
Activity ? 2 covers comprehensive expert advice and technical assistance for the
project by the developer, including:


a) expert, organizational and technical assistance activities of the Unit for
Project Management (PMU) appointed by the contracting authority;


b) Implementation of effective cooperation and coordination between the parties
involved in the project - Breznik municipality, PMU, the contractors to
implement the project activities (designer / and / builder / and / consultant /
and / engaged / and / construction supervision, etc.), the managing authority
and others. stakeholders;


c) Advice and assistance for the implementation of guidelines, rules and
procedures relating to the management and implementation of the project
(including in respect of procurement, monitoring and reporting, verification and
payment and cost accounting, administration and reporting irregularities);

d) Operating support team sponsor in the implementation of administrative,
technical and financial management of the project as well as expert and
organizational assistance of the contracting authority taking into
Major organization : OBSHTINA BREZNIK (000386559)

Address : ul. Elena Georgieva  No. 16
Breznik
2360

Country :Bulgaria
Email : obshtina_breznik@abv.bg

Url : http://www.breznik.info

Tender notice number : 252914-2016

Notice type : Tender Notice

Open date : 2016-08-22

Tender documents : T34580281.html

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 81


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Stroud News and Journal

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Culture Secretary Maria Miller visits Stroud to discuss broadband

BYLINE: Jane Leigh

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


MARIA Miller, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, visited Stroud
last week to discuss broadband with Stroud MP Neil Carmichael..

Mrs Miller, whose brief includes broadband and the Fastershire project as part
of her work as Media Secretary, met residents and local stakeholders at The Bell
at Selsley to discuss the Government's ongoing investment to ensure that 90 per
cent of households have superfast broadband by 2015.

Mr Carmichael raised queries forwarded by residents from areas including
Chalford, Coopers Edge, Purton and Stonehouse, where homeowners and businesses
have struggled with low broadband speeds.

During the meeting, Mrs Miller said: "Broadband is an essential aspect of
quality of life. Parents want their children to be able to do their homework on
the computer at home; rural businesses want to be able to compete, and faster
broadband is an essential part of that."

As part of his campaign to ensure faster broadband around the constituency, Mr
Carmichael has regular meetings with BT to raise residents' concerns.

After the meeting, he said: "I am delighted that Maria Miller was able to join
us today, and to see what the Valleys and Vale has got going for it.

"Faster broadband around the constituency is crucial to encouraging business
investment and boosting the Stroud economy, and I will continue my work to
ensure that superfast broadband is rolled out across the district."

*A report of the investigation into the Culture Secretary's expences is set to
be published today, Thursday.  It will detail the findings of an investigation
launched in December 2012 by the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards into
Mrs Miller's claims of £90,718 for her second home in Wimbledon during 2005 and
2009, where her parents also lived.

For more see link by Newsquest title the Basingstoke Gazette.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                            January 20, 2014 Monday
                                   E1 Edition

Ministers to brief Davos on NDP

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 216 words


Seven South African cabinet ministers at the World Economic Forum annual summit
in Davos would update global business leaders on the country's plans to raise
the level of economic growth under the National Development Plan (NDP), the
ministry of finance said in a statement yesterday.

The NDP aimed to reduce the costs of living and doing business, resulting in
improved consumer and business confidence, rising levels of private investment,
and higher growth and employment, the ministry said.

It "provides a strong platform for collaboration among business, government,
labour and civil society and the transition to a faster-growing, more inclusive
economy".

The plan promoted enhanced competitiveness, expanded infrastructure, greater
spatial efficiency in growing cities and accelerated rural development. It
prioritised measures to build an effective state that delivered services to
citizens while encouraging business investment and growth, it added.

The attending ministers are: Yunus Carrim (Communications), Rob Davies (Trade
and Industry), Pravin Gordhan (Finance), Derek Hanekom (Science and Technology),
Trevor Manuel (Minister in the Presidency responsible for National Planning),
Edna Molewa (Water and Environmental Affairs), and Ebrahim Patel (Economic
Development). - Staff reporter

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           December 10, 2009 Thursday

FINANCE NEW MEXICO: A PERFECT TEN FOR BUSINESS ASSISTANCE

BYLINE: LESLIE ELGOOD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 564 words


Joseph Godfrey knew the recycling business before he moved to Taos from Vermont
six years ago, but he had never run a business of his own before he bought
Recycle Taos in late 2007. Essential to his success, Godfrey said, was
connecting with Taos Entrepreneurial Network (TEN), an independent nonprofit
organization of entrepreneurs and local community leaders that began as a 2004
project of the Sirolli Foundation by the McCune Charitable Foundation.

TEN's philosophy was adapted from the work of Ernesto Sirolli, an innovator in
rural economic development. After seeing self-sufficient communities in Zambia
pushed into unsustainable types of development by foreign-aid officials in the
early 1970s, Sirolli tried a different approach: He tapped into the
entrepreneurial spirit of rural residents by backing home-grown initiatives
locals needed and could support.

His model has been duplicated in 250 communities around the globe, including
Taos.

The core of Sirolli's plan is "enterprise facilitation" -- a support system
designed to help entrepreneurs turn ideas into viable ventures by helping them
find the resources and learn the skills they need to produce, market and finance
a product or service. TEN tailored the idea in Taos to fit local conditions
including the employment of a trained "network facilitator" to focus simply on
networking and let entrepreneurs choose how to reach their goals.

This network facilitator is pivotal to TEN's complex web of relationships. The
facilitator works with TEN's executive board and the entrepreneurs who volunteer
expertise and advice at monthly network meetings, and the facilitator is the
liaison between entrepreneurs and the resources they need. TEN's facilitator
acts as a senior facilitator, coordinating the efforts of facilitators in Río
Arriba, San Miguel and Santa Fe counties.

At the monthly network meetings Godfrey found people with the know-how and
connections to help him turn the part-time recycling center into a full-fledged
service. Through TEN, he was referred to small-business lenders for the money to
buy equipment and another collection truck.

"I couldn't do this anywhere else," he said. "Everyone knows everyone else, and
we support each other. It doesn't seem like everyone is out for themselves
here."

The idea that the Sirolli model might work in Taos began with Owen López,
executive director of the McCune Charitable Foundation. The Santa Fe-based
foundation launched the project as part of its commitment to combat rural
poverty through economic development, López said. It worked with the state's
Department of Economic Development, Regional Development Corporation and the
town of Taos to support the program in its first few years. Los Alamos National
Security (LANS) and the Economic Development Administration have funded program
expansion into San Miguel, Río Arriba and Santa Fe counties as well.

By the end of its pilot stage, TEN reported that 31 new businesses had been
created and four businesses were salvaged or expanded in the Taos area. More
than 100 jobs were created or saved.

Taos' success inspired the W.K. Kellogg Foundation to award a grant to duplicate
the program in Doña Ana County in southern New Mexico.

Leslie Elgood is chief executive officer of New Mexico Community Capital. To
learn more about New Mexico Small Business Investment Corporation (NMSBIC) go to
www.FinanceNewMexico.org.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sheet News Bites (Australia)

                            February 5, 2008 Tuesday

Elders Rural feels the margin pressure

LENGTH: 459 words


Elders Rural Bank is in the fortunate position of funding more than 90 per cent
of its loan book from customer deposits, but this did not save it from margin
erosion due to higher cost of funds during the December half.

Yesterday the bank reported net profit of $19.4 million for the six months to
December. The result was six per cent higher than the $18.3 million profit
reported for the previous corresponding period.

Asset and liability growth was strong, with the loan portfolio growing 16 per
cent to $3.37 billion and deposits also up 16 per cent to $3.39 billion.

Credit quality was sound. The bank's ratio of non-performing loans to gross
loans under management improved from 0.42 per cent to 0.36 per cent.

Elders' chief financial officer Steven Laidlaw said the net interest margin came
off 20 basis points during the half.

Laidlaw said: "That is more than we would like but we made a decision not to
pass on the all the increase in funding costs."

He said having a strong deposit book was an advantage but not so much of an
advantage as was often assumed. Some of those retail savings are in bills, and
increased competition for deposits has meant that changes in wholesale funding
rates are more likely to leak into deposit rates.

Laidlaw said: "We were not immune."

The lower margin accounted in part for the modest six per cent increase in
earnings over the previous period. Laidlaw said another factor was that the
profit for the first half in 2006 was unusually high, due to a couple of one-off
results.

He said he preferred to compare the latest figures to results from the June half
last year. Net profit was up 10 per cent in December compared to the June
profit.

Elders' managing director Paul Hutchinson said the agribusiness market was
seeing a return to more favourable seasonal conditions, with recent good rains
across large areas of Australia.

For those farmers who have been able to make use of the rain to plant a crop,
market prices have been very good. But most growers will need another season to
catch up.

In the meantime Elders is expanding its business by developing a range of
commercial, non-farm finance products.

Hutchinson said: "A lot of farmers have diversified their business and
investment portfolios off farm. Farming families are looking for second incomes
from jobs in town, they are investing in commercial property and they are
getting involved in local industries.

"They are looking for an income hedge and we are developing products that will
assist them in that diversification."

Hutchinson said the bank was writing bigger finance deals. He said that was a
reflection of the fact the business was eight years old, had established a track
record and some credibility and had improved its credit rating.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Funding/Capital; Earnings Projections

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2008 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                                   News Bites


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       June 4, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Hortau Secures $5M in Financing from Advantage Capital Agribusiness Partners

LENGTH: 533  words


June 4 -- Hortau Corp., an industry leader in precision irrigation management
systems since 2002, has secured $5 million in financing from Advantage Capital
Agribusiness Partners, LP (ACAP).

The investment comes during a critical time in the agriculture industry, which
is facing severe drought in California and water issues throughout the U.S.

Hortau CEO Jocelyn Boudreau said the timely investment will allow Hortau to
continue growing its U.S. operations, including its technical support team and
best-in-class service for its mobile platform and in-field irrigation management
systems.

"This investment will help us grow the business during a critical time here in
California and the U.S., where water issues are becoming the norm," Boudreau
said. "Agriculture is currently going through an evolution phase, using
data-driven technologies to bring more precision and insight to the daily
decision processes. Our technology is right in line with this trend, enabling
growers to make better use of water resources and of various ag inputs while
optimizing their return. This new partnership with Advantage Capital will allow
us to make our system more affordable and accessible to our growers,
accelerating adoption and creating a true win-win situation for the industry."

Hortau's smart irrigation management system, combined with its easy-to-use
mobile software, reports to growers how crops are faring in real time - before
stresses such as drought or lack of aeration can have a negative impact on the
crop.

This proprietary, plant-centric approach helps detect plant stress using soil
tension, ensuring optimal crop growth, and reducing water and energy
consumption, as well as environmental impacts such as fertilizer leaching.

"Hortau's proven soil sensing technology provides farmers with a tremendous
value proposition in terms of both crop yield improvements and water
conservation, which is driving strong growth in the business," said Timothy
Hassler, Principal at Advantage Capital. "We are very excited about partnering
with Hortau and supporting its continued growth."

Advantage Capital Agribusiness Partners, LP (ACAP) is a $154.5-million fund,
licensed as a Rural Business Investment Company (RBIC) by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA), focusing on businesses involved in the production,
processing and supply of agricultural products.

It is a partnership between Advantage Capital Partners and nine Farm Credit
organizations. The Farm Credit System is a nationwide network of banks and
lending institutions federally chartered to serve agriculture and the U.S. rural
economy.

"We're excited to be working with Advantage Capital Partners, and align with the
fund's mission to create more jobs in agriculture and improve irrigation
technologies in the field," Boudreau said. "The Advantage Capital team has been
a great partner to work with. They're well connected, know what it takes to be
successful in the agriculture sector, and bring a lot more than capital to the
table."

Visit Hortau.com for more information on Hortau's proprietary irrigation
management system and simplified software for both desktop and mobile devices,
or contact us directly at (805) 545-5994.

Source: Hortau

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            November 22, 2010 Monday

Beyond profit;
Enterprises with a social mission are being touted as a new asset class, but
will change-seeking investors be persuaded? Oliver Chou reports

BYLINE: Oliver Chou

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1945 words


Can business become a catalyst in the drive to address urgent social needs?
Former banker Yvonne Li Yee-yean thought so as she watched the myriad relief
efforts organised across the mainland in response to 2008's devastating Sichuan
earthquake. The future, she reckoned, lay in channelling private capital (and
its management standards) into social enterprises to address issues that may be
beyond the capacity of government or to complement existing public services.

"China has a population of 1.3 billion and it's impossible for the government to
take care of everyone. There are many gaps to fill, which are opportunities for
social enterprises," she says.

Li, who advised on philanthropy while working for Lehman Brothers in Beijing,
moved quickly. She found a like-minded collaborator in Malaysian-born
entrepreneur Chandran Nair. He headed consultancy Environmental Resources
Management  before setting up his Global Institute for Tomorrow  to  tackle
issues of poverty and inequality. By the end of 2008, the pair had set up a
boutique consultancy, Avantage Ventures, to link change-seeking investors with
promising social enterprises. Li became its chief executive and Nair the
chairman.

Social investing is not new but the model has been gaining traction of late.
Proponents say it's not about effective donations but bringing strategic capital
to commercially run ventures that have an impact on grassroots communities.

Among its high-profile advocates is Silicon Valley venture capitalist Vinod
Khosla,  who last month  announced plans for a US$117 million fund  (earnings
from his stake in a Mumbai-listed microfinance company)  to invest in companies
serving the bottom of the pyramid - the poor and disadvantaged.

In Hong Kong, Avantage hopes to attract financing for social enterprises from
wealthy people more concerned about solving long-term issues such as health
care, education, water supply and sanitation than generating swift returns.

Nevertheless, Li insists that their consultancy operates as a conduit for
investment, not a fund-raising venture for good causes. So it's presenting a
slate of thriving community-based ventures as an alternative asset class, albeit
with the bonus of aiding a good cause.

Highlighted ventures include an organic cotton growers' co-operative in Shanxi
province that makes enough to provide members with schools and health care, and
a Shenzhen-based software company owned and run by physically handicapped
people.

Li says it takes her team of field specialists about a year to assess whether a
social enterprise is a suitable investment candidate. To make Avantage's list,
an enterprise must have experience dealing with a major social or environmental
problem, a strong management team, a viable business strategy, and, for those in
the mainland, a good relationship with the local government.

Avantage's service is aimed squarely at high net-worth individuals and
multi-generational family businesses with a social bent, so entry is set at a
level to deter casual inquirers.

To access Avantage's investment opportunities, interested parties must sign up
as members and pay annual fees of between US$25,000 and US$50,000. Enterprises
are expected to bring in annual returns of about 6-8 per cent - "not bad", Nair
says, when stocks have historically yielded between 8-10 per cent and bonds
about 4-5 per cent.

But the service also charges investors a management fee of 3 to 5 per cent for
each buy-in and takes a 15 per cent cut on gains as a performance fee when they
exit the programme. Social enterprise operators will also have to pay a fee, but
only if they succeed. "We do all the work up front at first, and when they do
make a profit, then we'll charge an investment advisory fee," says Li.

Former technology consultant Francis Ngai Wah-sing,  who set up the city's first
venture philanthropy group, Social Ventures Hong Kong, three years ago, says the
concept of social investing is very new to the city.

His group doesn't seek financial returns as Avantage does; it was formed to help
nurture self-sustaining social enterprises, providing some funding as well as
business and management advice. But so far it has managed to invest just
US$300,000. Among the projects it supports are Dialogue in the Dark,  which
employs visually impaired people to offer unusual experiences in full darkness;
and Fullness Hair Salon  , a venture running salons that offer troubled
youngsters an alternative by providing hair-styling training.

This wasn't for want of capital, but because few could meet the "double bottom
line" of social and financial objectives. "There is a lot of money out there but
social enterprise projects that are sustainable and worth investing in are
scarce in Hong Kong," Ngai says. "To me, this is the biggest challenge."

At Avantage's first investment forum recently, its team introduced Swiss-based
wealth manager IJ Partners  as a strategic collaborator, but the focus is firmly
on Asia - for projects as well as investors.

The notion of social investment emerged in the West about two decades ago but
investment activity really began just six to seven years ago, Li says. And at
present this area is largely dominated by Western institutions.

But Nair hopes to cultivate a group of investors who will reflect the diversity
of Asia - not just from Hong Kong and China, but also from Southeast Asia and
Japan. "The objective is to create greater awareness among wealthy Asians who
can go beyond philanthropy by investing in people, thereby creating new jobs and
an entire new way of looking at what our country will look like in the future."

Much will depend on securing sympathetic "anchor" investors who can plump
significant tranches into a portfolio of social enterprises. But some may not be
ready to make major commitments at first, so Avantage created a fee-based
"Impact Investor Circle" as a channel for people to express interest in
individual projects.

Nair says Avantage's formation in 2008 coincided with two major trends: the
economic shift from the West to the East, and China's rise, which was attended
by a slew of socio-economic woes.

One thing that's very clear, he says, is that China's export-led,
foreign-consumption-based manufacturing economy has about reached its zenith. In
the past two to three years, mainland leaders have come to appreciate the fact
that the country can't go on being the factory for the world as before; its
social and environmental safety nets are being pushed to the limits.

Yet it still needs growth, and an effective way to protect the community is
creating value by investing in socially responsible businesses, Nair says.

The partners reckon Avantage's clear business slant has helped it make inroads
on the mainland.

"China remains highly regulated as far as foreign NGOs and charity groups are
concerned. There is always a concern that outsiders use the façade of charity to
cheat mainlanders," Li says. "But we are a business enterprise and we register
as a joint venture with the mainland partner doing business and investments, not
fund-raising."

They seem to have tapped into key networks: Nair says they have met with members
of a top mainland think tank, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS),
and in visits to rural districts they have found township and provincial
officials very receptive to their ideas.

"I think it is important that we come not as private investors from a bank, but
we are investing in their community," he says.

Mainland leaders see the potential of social enterprises, Li says. Citing the
case of a service in Fujian caring for 1,000 elderly people, she says it was so
successful that the provincial government recently invited the group to extend
its service to 200,000 other people.

"If successful, this would be the perfect scalable model for the rest of China
to replicate," she says. "As collaborating partners, we provide consultation
services, business plans and look for investors to take part in the project."

The impact is "immense" in a country with a rapidly ageing population.

At the CASS, the head of its social policy committee, Professor Yang Tuan,  says
its researchers are taking a while to come to grips with the concept of social
investing.

There is a lot of confusion, Yang says, because both government and society
often talk about investing in schools and hospitals in the rural areas, for
example. But they also see potential in investments based on  successful
entrepreneurs using their  expertise to tackle social issues on a grand scale.
This is especially so, she says, in addressing the serious problems faced by the
800 million people that make up China's rural population.

"The gap between city and countryside is growing every year, with grim prospects
for rural folk, their sons and daughters. This poses an enormous challenge to
China's future development."

Enabling rural communities to develop self-sufficiency as shown by organisations
such as the Shanxi Pohan Farmers Association (one of Avantage's listed social
enterprises) is a way forward, Yang says. Founded by Zheng Bing, the
co-operative is run without subsidy from the village party committee. Yet it
manages to provide social, educational and even medical services to some 4,000
members.

"This kind of self-initiated association is very rare in China; there are only
about 20 or so at present. This model is 100 per cent home grown. I think it's
worth our support," says Yang.

And there's the rub, Nair says. Many social enterprises are run more like
sheltered workshops or charities and require constant infusions of funds, but a
few successful ones can generate income and employment. However, these
organisations often can't expand their work because they lack capital. Canyou
Software,  for example, is owned and run by physically disabled people.

"Although [Canyou founder] Zheng Weining  is highly respected on the mainland
and has been able to meet with President Hu Jintao three times, he can't get any
access to capital," Nair says. "That's the point we are making: this kind of
asset class has been  ignored. It occupies a space between micro-finance and big
finance, which is what most of the world is."

Avantage's plan is to focus on the mainland for the first two years, and then to
use Singapore as a base for social investment in Southeast Asia, in countries
such as Cambodia, Vietnam and Indonesia. "We don't want to be just
China-focused."

And with its tradition of charitable works and financial expertise, Nair says,
Hong Kong is well positioned to help to generate new asset calls for investors
and nurture a culture of investing in social needs.

How will Hong Kong philanthropists warm to this pitch? James Chen Yue-jia,
chairman of the Chen Yet-sen Family Foundation,  has mixed feelings about trying
to combine business investment with social missions.

It is hard to strike a balance, says Chen, an active social entrepreneur.

"If I look at it purely from the profit side, it would be easier to examine at
the expected return, the risks, etc. If they all look good, I'll just go ahead.
With a social enterprise, there is a trade-off in what it brings to the
community. If the social value it brings is high enough, the project is worth
doing even if it's more risky and has lower returns. Sometimes it's hard to
quantify that third dimension of social good."

While applauding Nair and Li's efforts to identify worthwhile projects, Chen
says there is no clear definition for what constitutes a social enterprise, and
people may have "either unrealistic expectations or even be confused about what
it means".

"But for sure it's an interesting and exciting field. And if you don't try, you
won't know."

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Zheng Bing, founder of the Shanxi Pohan Farmers Association, which is
helping its members switch to growing organic cotton.; Francis Ngai (left) of
Social Ventures Hong Kong provides financial backing for projects such as
Dialogue in the Dark (below). Among the mainland businesses Avantage Ventures is
seeking funding for are Canyou Software (below left), which creates high-end
jobs for disabled people, and a centre building schools for dyslexic children.;
Barefoot Power aims to provide solar lighting to poor villages in place of
kerosene lamps.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           January 23, 2016 Saturday

As budget day looms, economy is at a crossroads

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1494 words


The low Canadian dollar and low oil prices are good news for New Brunswick, so
it's a good time to attract business investment, economists say. But to do that,
the provincial government's budget being released on Feb. 2 needs to send the
right message: that the government is serious about cutting expenses and getting
rid of its deficit.

While low oil prices are negatively affecting the country, three provinces bear
the brunt: oil-producing provinces Alberta, Saskatchewan and Newfoundland and
Labrador. The other provinces benefit from low oil prices, especially New
Brunswick, which is a rural province where transportation is a large part of
getting to work and getting goods to market, said David Murrell, professor of
economics at the University of New Brunswick.

New Brunswick is also a winner with the low dollar because of its heavy reliance
on exports. In fact, New Brunswick is one of the most export-heavy provinces in
the country, said Robert Kavcic, senior economist with BMO Capital Markets.

In 2014, the latest year for which numbers are available, New Brunswick exported
more than $13 billion worth of goods, substantially more than the $5.4 billion
exported by Nova Scotia, a larger province both economically and by population.
Most of those exports - 92 per cent - went to the United States. With the
strengthening of the U.S. economy expected to continue for a few years yet to
come, exports - especially forest products used in U.S. home building - should
continue to be strong.

The province is facing challenges though as evidenced by the mothballing of
Saskatchewan-based PotashCorp's mine in Picadilly, affecting as many as 430
jobs.

"That will be a significant negative for the industry until potash prices
recover and it reopens," Gerard Walsh, an economist with Royal Bank of Canada,
wrote in an email.

New Brunswick's economy should grow in 2015, 2016 and 2017 between 1 and 1.5 per
cent per year.

"That's pretty sluggish but compared to where we have been in the last three or
four years it's a bit of an improvement," Kavcic said.

Murrell calls New Brunswick's economic situation "a perfect storm of good things
happening."

Balancing the budget

To capitalize on the good things happening, the government has to instill
confidence in the business community so that companies invest in the province,
creating jobs and growing the economy. Companies have confidence in a province
that is financially stable and has its own books in order.

"If the government is posting persistent wide deficits and not getting spending
under control then businesses might have the opinion that at some point over the
next x years taxes will have to rise to cover that shortfall," Kavcic said.

That's probably the biggest thing that would hinder confidence in a region, he
said.

"There's a lot more certainty to the numbers behind the business decisions you
are making if you are doing those in an environment where government finances
are well managed," Kavcic said.

Right now the province has a structural deficit - a deficit that is built into
the books and will occur year after year if not changed - of about $400 million
to $500 million annually, Murrell said.

The government is considering a number of initiatives to eliminate that
including cutting spending and increasing taxes, a combination of which will
likely be included in the upcoming budget.

The simplest thing for long-term economic health is to get income tax rates
down, said Kavcic, especially in a province with the highest or close to highest
personal tax rates in Canada, depending on income level. Corporate tax rates are
more in line with the rest of the country, he said.

"(But) right now there is just not the fiscal flexibility to do that," Kavcic
said. "If program spending gets brought in line, the budget gets back into
balance, economic outlook improves as we are expecting, maybe a few years out
you are in a position to start considering that. And that would send a pretty
strong message to the business community," Kavcic said.

Kavcic points to the example of Quebec, which has over the past two years
clamped down on spending and is now in a position to start cutting taxes.

"It's a positive message for businesses looking where to invest their capital,"
Kavcic said.

But New Brunswick doesn't have the fiscal room now, being in deficit, to cut
taxes. So a tax hike, not cut, is likely. Kavcic believes the harmonized sales
tax is where the government has some room to move.

The province has suggested it raise the HST to 15 per cent from 13 per cent.

Ted Mallett, vice-president and chief economist with the Canadian Federation of
Independent Business worries what type of message raising taxes would send.

"Part of the pickle (the government) is in is that it's already a high-tax
jurisdiction from an income tax standpoint and from a sales tax standpoint,"
Mallett said.

And while raising taxes may solve a short-term issue it makes it worse in the
long run because it sends a negative signal to businesses that might invest in
the province.

Businesses only grow because they want to grow, said Mallett.

"They feel there is a reason for them to invest in people, machines, property or
intellectual property.

And the only way we are going to have economic growth is if someone has decided
that it's in their own selfish interests to create that kind of activity because
they are going to be better off as a result."

If businesses don't have confidence in the ability to prosper in the province
they won't invest.

"It's an intangible and it's really difficult to get working," Mallett said.
"It's much easier to sap confidence than to build it."

Mallett believes that rather than raising taxes the government should focus on
cutting expenditures.

"It sounds trite but it's not a revenue problem they've got, it's a spending
issue," Mallett said.

Kavcic agrees that "first and foremost ... you have to see some restraint on the
sector spending side."

But in the short-term, the government is likely to do both: some spending cuts
and some tax increases.

"In the short-term (the government) has to get a handle on that deficit as best
it can," said RBC's Walsh.

The long-term plan

For long-term growth, Walsh believes the government's capital budget released in
December can help.

More than 60 per cent of the province's capital budget of $656.1 million will go
toward road and bridge construction and maintenance and building upgrades. The
remainder will be largely spent on schools and health-care facilities.

"What drives economic growth over the long run is two things: how many hours
people are working, which is just labour input and productivity growth, how
effective each worker is," Walsh said.

Hours worked probably won't be growing because there is a shrinking number of
workers in the province, said Walsh.

In 2015, while the population in the province was flat those of working age fell
one per cent and the labour force - those working or looking for work - fell by
about half a per cent," Walsh said.

"And that's likely to continue."

So the focus has to be on improving productivity and improved infrastructure can
do that by lowering costs and making it easier for workers to get to work, and
for goods to get to market, Walsh said.

"(But) it has to be high-return projects for which there is an obvious need,"
Walsh said.

Murrell agrees that the infrastructure spending has to be where there is a
return and that's not on building more roads.

A lot of money has already been spent upgrading highways that aren't fully
utilized and the population isn't growing, Murrell said. So "that's not money
well spent."

But one area that could use infrastructure spending is tourism, Murrell
believes.

The tourism industry is underdeveloped in New Brunswick, with many possible
tourist sites - such as Patridge Island, which was the reception centre for
immigrants into New Brunswick, and Fort Nashwaak - not developed to their
potential, Murrell said.

So if there is going to be infrastructure spending it could be spent on tourism
sites to attract more visitors, he said.

"Lots of New Brunswick history has been gobbled up by dust and could be
rebuilt," Murrell said.

Tourism is considered an export because it attracts money from outside the
province. Both Walsh and Murrell agree that exports should be promoted.

"Firms that export tend to have higher productivity and they grow faster," Walsh
said. "So the more export-oriented firms can become, the stronger productivity
growth will be.

"And that will feed through to domestic incomes, government finance and the
rest," he said. It will also keep more people in the province, Murrell said.
Right now, 30 to 40 per cent of young people leave the province because there
are no jobs, Murrell said. The same is true for immigrants who arrive in New
Brunswick but leave to find work.

"That's why I say you have to start with the export base because with economic
growth there is also job growth," Murrell said. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved
