
                                1 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Request for Proposals: Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance
Grants

LENGTH: 3780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Request for Proposals: Farm
Labor Housing Technical Assistance Grants AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Request for Proposal (RFP) announces an availability of funds and the
timeframe to submit proposals for Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance
(FLH-TA) grants.

Section 516(i) of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended (Act), authorizes the
Rural Housing Service (RHS) to provide financial assistance (grants) to eligible
private and public non-profit agencies to encourage the development of domestic
and migrant farm labor housing projects. This RFP requests proposals from
qualified private and public non-profit agencies to provide technical assistance
to groups who qualify for FLH loans and grants. Work performed under these
grants is expected to result in an increased submission of quality applications
for FLH loans and grants under the Section 514 and Section 516 programs and as a
result an increase in the availability of decent, safe, and sanitary housing for
farm laborers. DATES: The deadline for receipt of all applications in response
to this RFP is 5:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on July 22, 2016. The
application closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider
any application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants
intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery
on or before the closing deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer
does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), Cash on Delivery (COD), and
postage due applications will not be accepted. ADDRESSES: Applications should be
submitted to the USDA--Rural Housing Service; Attention: Mirna Reyes-Bible,
Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi- Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan
Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1243-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781. RHS will date and time stamp incoming
applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon request, will provide the
applicant with a written acknowledgement of receipt. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing
Preservation and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1243-S), USDA Rural
Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone:
(202) 720-1753 (this is not a toll free number), or via email:
mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Information
Federal Agency Name: Rural Housing Service. Funding Opportunity Title: Request
for Proposals (RFP): Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance Grants.
Announcement Type: Initial Announcement. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance:
10.405. Dates: The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this
RFP is 5:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on July 22, 2016. The application
closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider any
application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants intending to
mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before
the closing deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer does not
constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), COD, and postage due applications will not
be accepted. I. Program Description The technical assistance grants authorized
under Section 516 of the Act are for the purpose of encouraging the development
of domestic and migrant FLH projects under Sections 514 and 516 of the Act. RHS
regulations for Section 514 and Section 516 FLH program are published at 7 CFR
part 3560. Further requirements for technical assistance grants can be found at
7 CFR part 3560, subpart L. Proposals must demonstrate the capacity to provide
the intended technical assistance. [[Page 32287]] II. Award Information RHS will
publish on its Web site, http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants, the amount of funding available in FY
2016. RHS intends to award one grant for each of three geographic regions listed
below. When establishing the three regions, and amount of funding available for
each region, consideration was given to such factors as farmworker migration
patterns and the similarity of agricultural products and labor needs within
certain areas of the United States. A single applicant may submit grant
proposals for more than one region; however, separate proposals must be
submitted for each region. Eastern Region: AL, CT, DE, FL, GA, IN, KY, MA, MD,
ME, NH, NJ, NY, NC, OH, PA, PR, RI, SC, TN, VI, VT, VA, and WV. Central Region:
AR, IL, IA, KS, LA, MI, MN, MS, MO, NE., ND, OK, SD, TX, NM, and WI. Western
Region: AK, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, MT, NV, OR, UT, WA, WY, Pacific Territories, and
Regions The RHS has the authority under the Act to utilize up to 10 percent of
its Section 516 appropriations for FLH-TA grants. The disbursement of grant
funds during the grant period will be contingent upon the applicant making
progress in meeting the minimum performance requirements as described in the
Scope of Work section of this Notice, and the Grant Agreement including, but not
limited to, the submission of loan application packages. III. Eligibility
Information Eligible Applicants: Eligibility for grants under this Notice is
limited to private and public non-profit agencies. Applicants must have the
knowledge, ability, technical expertise, or practical experience necessary to
develop and package loan and grant applications for FLH under the Section 514
and Section 516 programs (see Section IV. Application and Submission
Information). In addition, applicants must possess the ability to exercise
leadership, organize work, and prioritize assignments to meet work demands in a
timely and cost efficient manner. The applicant may arrange for other non-profit
agencies to provide services on its behalf; however, the RHS will expect the
applicant to provide the overall management necessary to ensure the objectives
of the grant are met. Non-profit agencies acting on behalf of the applicant must
also meet the eligibility requirements stated above. Cost Sharing or Matching:
Cost sharing is not applicable to this program. Minimum Performance Requirements
(1) Applicants shall conduct outreach to broad-based non-profit organizations,
non-profit organizations of farmworkers, federally recognized Indian tribes,
agencies or political subdivisions of State or local Government, public agencies
(such as housing authorities) and other eligible FLH organizations to further
the Section 514 and Section 516 FLH programs. Outreach will consist of a minimum
of 12 informational presentations to the general public annually to inform them
about the Section 514 Section and 516 FLH programs. (2) Applicants shall conduct
at least 12 one-on-one meetings annually with groups who are interested in
applying for FLH loans or grants and assist such groups with the loan and grant
application process. (3) Applicants shall assist loan and grant applicants
secure funding from other sources for the purpose of leveraging those funds with
RHS funds. (4) Applicants shall provide technical assistance during the
development and construction phase of FLH proposals selected for funding. (5)
When submitting a grant proposal, applicants need not identify the geographic
location of the places they intend to target for their outreach activities,
however, applicants must commit to targeting at least five areas within the
grant proposal's region. All targeted areas must be distinct market areas and
not be overlapping. At least four of the targeted areas must be in different
States. If the proposal is selected for funding, the applicant will be required
to consult with each Rural Development State Director in the proposal's region
for the purpose of developing their list of targeted areas. When determining
which areas to target, consideration will be given to (a) the total number of
farmworkers in the area, (b) the number of farmworkers in that area who lack
adequate housing, (c) the percentage of the total number of farmworkers that are
without adequate housing, and (d) areas which have not recently had a Section
514 or Section 516 loan or grant funded for new construction. In addition, if
selected for funding, the applicant will be required to revise their Statement
of Work to identify the geographic location of the targeted areas and will
submit their revised Statement of Work to the National Office approval. When
submitted for approval, the applicant must also submit a summary of their
consultation with the Rural Development State Directors. At grant closing, the
revised Statement of Work will be attached to, and become a part of, the grant
agreement. (6) During the grant period, each applicant must submit a minimum
number of loan application packages to the Agency for funding consideration. The
minimum number shall be the greater of (a) at least nine loan application
packages for the Eastern and Western Regions and at least seven for the Central
Region or, (b) a total number of loan application packages that is equal to 70
percent of the number of areas the applicant's proposal committed to targeting.
Fractional percentages shall be rounded up to the next whole number. For
example, if the applicant's proposal committed to targeting 13 areas, then the
applicant must submit at least 10 loan application packages during the grant
period (13 areas x 70 percent = 9.1 rounded up to 10). The disbursement of grant
funds during the grant period will be contingent upon the applicant making
progress in meeting this minimum performance requirement. More than one
application package for the same market area will not be considered unless the
applicant submits documentation of the need for more than one FLH facility. (7)
Provide training to applicants of FLH loans and grants to assist them in their
ability to manage FLH. IV. Application and Submission Information
Intergovernmental Review. The Technical Assistant program is not subject to the
provisions of Executive Order 12372, which require intergovernmental
consultation with State and local officials. Expenses incurred in applying for
this Notice will be borne by and be at the applicant's risk. The application
process will be in two phases; the initial application (or proposal) and the
submission of a formal application. Only those proposals that are selected for
funding will be invited to submit formal applications. All proposals must
include the following: (1) A summary page listing the following items. This
information should be double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.
a. Applicant's name, b. Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number, c.
Applicant's address, d. Applicant's telephone number, e. Name of applicant's
contact person, telephone number, and address, [[Page 32288]] f. Amount of grant
requested, g. The FLH-TA grant region for which the proposal is submitted (i.e.,
Eastern, Central, or Western Region), and h. Address unique entity identifier
and System for Award Management (SAM). As part of the application, all
applicants, except for individuals or agencies excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d),
must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award Management (SAM); (2) provide a
valid unique entity identifier in its applications; and (3) maintain an active
SAM registration with current information at all times during which it has an
active Federal award or application. An award may not be made to the applicant
until the applicant has complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM
requirements. (2) A narrative describing the applicant's ability to meet the
eligibility requirements stated in this Notice. If the applicant intends to have
other agencies working on their behalf, the narrative must identify those
agencies and address their ability to meet the stated eligibility requirements.
(3) A detailed Statement of Work covering a 3-year period that contains
measurable monthly and annual accomplishments. The applicant's Statement of Work
is a critical component of the selection process. The Statement of Work must
include an outreach component describing the applicant's activities to inform
potentially eligible groups about the Section 514 and Section 516 FLH program.
The outreach component must include a schedule of their planned outreach
activities and must be included in a manner so that performance can be measured.
In addition, the outreach activities must be coordinated with the appropriate
RHS State Office and meet the minimum performance requirements as stated in the
Scope of Work section of this Notice. The Statement of Work must state how many
areas the applicant will target for their outreach activities (Note: If selected
for funding, the applicant will be required to revise their Statement of Work,
after consultation with Rural Development State Directors, to identify the areas
that will be targeted). The Statement of Work must also include a component for
training organizations on the application process and the long-term management
of FLH. The Statement of Work will also describe the applicant's plans to access
other funding for the development and construction of FLH and their experience
in obtaining such funding. The Statement of Work must describe any duties or
activities that will be performed by other agencies on behalf of the applicant.
(4) An organizational plan that includes a staffing chart complete with name,
job title, salary, hours, timelines, and descriptions of employee duties to
achieve the objectives of the grant program. (5) Organizational documents and
financial statements to evidence the applicant's status as a properly organized
private or public non- profit agency and the financial ability to carry out the
objectives of the grant program. If other agencies will be working on behalf of
the applicant, working agreements between the applicant and those agencies must
be submitted as part of the proposal and any associated cost must be included in
the applicant's budget. Organizational and financial statements must also be
submitted as part of the application for any agencies that will be working on
behalf of the applicant to document the eligibility of those organizations. (6)
A detailed budget plan projecting the monthly and annual expenses the applicant
will incur. Costs will be limited to those that are allowed under 2 CFR part
200. (7) To insure that funds are equitably distributed and that there is no
duplication of efforts on related projects, all applicants are to submit a list
of projects they are currently involved with, whether publicly or privately
supported, that are or may be, related to the objectives of this grant. In
addition, the same disclosure must be provided for any agencies that will be
working on behalf of the applicant. (8) The applicant must include a narrative
describing its knowledge, demonstrated ability, or practical experience in
providing training and technical assistance to applicants of loans or grants for
the development of multi-family or farmworker housing. The applicant must
identify the type of assistance that was applied for (loan or grant, tax
credits, leveraged funding, etc.), the number of times they have provided such
assistance, and the success ratio of their applications. In addition,
information must be provided concerning the number of housing units, their size,
their design, and the amount of grant and loan funds that were secured. (9) A
narrative describing the applicant's knowledge and demonstrated ability in
estimating development and construction costs of multi-family or farm labor
housing and for obtaining the necessary permits and clearances. (10) A narrative
describing the applicant's ability and experience in overcoming community
opposition to FLH and describing the methods and techniques that they will use
to overcome any such opposition, should it occur. (11) A separate one-page
information sheet listing each of the ``Application Scoring Criteria'' contained
in this Notice, followed by the page numbers of all relevant material and
documentation that is contained in the proposal that supports these criteria. V.
Application Review Information The initial application (or proposal) evaluation
process designed for this RFP will consist of two phases. The first phase will
evaluate the applicant's Statement of Work and the degree to which it sets forth
measurable objectives that are consistent with the objectives of FLH-TA grant
program. The second phase will evaluate the applicant's knowledge and ability to
provide the management necessary for carrying out a FLH- TA grant program.
Proposals will only compete against other proposals within the same region.
Selection points will be awarded as follows: Phase I--Statement of Work The
Statement of Work will be evaluated to determine the degree to which it outlines
efficient and measurable monthly and annual outcomes as follows: a. The minimum
performance requirements of this Notice require that the applicant commit to
targeting at least five areas (at least four of which are in different States).
The more areas the applicant commits to targeting, the more scoring points they
will be awarded. As stated earlier in this Notice, the more areas the applicant
commits to the more loan application packages must be submitted. The amount will
be established in the Statement of Work. The number of areas within the region
that the applicant has committed to targeting for outreach activities: (1) 5-7
targeted areas: 0 points (2) 8 targeted areas: 5 points (3) 9-10 targeted areas:
10 points (4) 11-12 targeted areas: 15 points (5) 13 or more areas: 20 points a.
RHS wants the applicant to cover as much of the grant region as possible. RHS
does not want the applicant's efforts to be concentrated in a limited number of
States. For this reason, additional points will be awarded to grant proposals
that target areas in more than four States (the minimum requirement is four).
Applications only compete within their grant region. The grant proposal commits
to targeting areas in the following number of States: [[Page 32289]] (1) 4
States: 0 points (2) 5 States: 5 points (3) 6 States: 10 points (4) 7 States: 15
points (5) More than 7 States: 20 points Phase II--Project Management a. The
number of successful multi-family or FLH loan or grant applications the
applicant entity has assisted in developing and packaging: (1) 0-5 applications:
0 points (2) 6-10 applications: 10 points (3) 11-15 applications: 20 points (4)
16 or more applications: 30 points b. The number of groups seeking loans or
grants for the development of multi-family or FLH projects that the applicant
entity has provided training and technical assistance. (1) 0-5 groups: 0 points
(2) 6-10 groups: 5 points (3) 11-15 groups: 10 points (4) 16 or more groups: 15
points c. The number of multi-family or FLH projects for which the applicant
entity has assisted in estimating development and construction costs and
obtaining the necessary permits and clearances: (1) 0-5 projects: 0 points (2)
6-10 projects: 5 points (3) 11-15 projects: 10 points (4) 16 or more projects:
15 points d. The number of times the applicant entity has encountered community
opposition and was able to overcome that opposition so that farm labor housing
was successfully developed. (1) 0-2 times: 0 points (2) 2-5 times: 5 points (3)
6-10 times: 10 points (4) 11 or more times: 15 points e. The number of times the
applicant entity has been able to leverage funding from two or more sources for
the development of a multi-family or FLH project. (1) 0-5 times: 0 points (2)
6-10 times: 5 points (3) 11-15 times: 10 points (4) 16 or more times: 15 points
f. The number of FLH projects that the applicant entity has assisted with
on-going management (i.e., rent-up, maintenance, etc.): (1) 0-5 FLH projects: 0
points (2) 6-10 FLH projects: 5 points (3) 11-15 FLH projects: 10 points (4) 16
or more FLH projects: 15 points The National Office will rank all
pre-applications by region and distribute funds to the regions in rank order and
within funding limits. Tie Breakers--In the event two or more proposals within a
region are scored with an equal amount of points, selections will be made in the
following order: (1) If an applicant has already had a proposal selected, their
proposal will not be selected. (2) If all or none of the applicants with
equivalent scores have already had a proposal selected, the lowest cost proposal
will be selected. (3) If two or more proposals have equivalent scores, all or
none of the applicants have already had a proposal selected, and the cost is the
same, a proposal will be selected by a random lottery drawing. RHS will notify
all applicants whether their pre-applications have been accepted or rejected and
provide appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11, as appropriate. Reporting. Post-award
reporting requirements can be found in the Grant Agreement. Paperwork Reduction
Act The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by
the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under Control Number 0575-0181.
Non-Discrimination Requirements The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits
discrimination in all of its programs and activities on the basis of race,
color, national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital
status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation,
political beliefs, genetic information, reprisal, or because all or part of an
individual's income is derived from any public assistance program. (Not all
prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means for communication of program information (Braille, large
print, audiotape, etc.) should contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD). To file a complaint of discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant
Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 9410, Washington, DC 20250- 9410, or call
toll free at (866) 632-9992 (English) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642
(English Federal--Relay) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish Federal--Relay). ``USDA is
an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.'' Dated: May 13, 2016. Tony
Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service. [FR Doc. 2016-12068 Filed
5-20-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                2 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Request for Proposals: Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance Grants

LENGTH: 3757  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This Request for Proposal (RFP) announces an availability of funds and the
timeframe to submit proposals for Farm Labor Housing Technical Assistance
(FLH-TA) grants. Section 516(i) of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended (Act),
authorizes the Rural Housing Service (RHS) to provide financial assistance (
grants) to eligible private and public non-profit agencies to encourage the
development of domestic and migrant farm labor housing projects. This RFP
requests proposals from qualified private and public non-profit agencies to
provide technical assistance to groups who qualify for FLH loans and grants.





 Work performed under these grants is expected to result in an increased
submission of quality applications for FLH loans and grants under the Section
514 and Section 516 programs and as a result an increase in the availability of
decent, safe, and sanitary housing for farm laborers.

 Dates



 The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this RFP is 5:00
p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on July 22, 2016. The application closing deadline
is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider any application that is
received after the closing deadline. Applicants intending to mail applications
must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the closing
deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer does not constitute
delivery. Facsimile (FAX), Cash on Delivery (COD), and postage due applications
will not be accepted.

 Addresses



 Applications should be submitted to the USDA--Rural Housing Service; Attention:
Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation
and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1243-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781. RHS will date and time stamp
incoming applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon request, will provide
the applicant with a written acknowledgement of receipt.

 For Further Information Contact



 Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation
and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1243-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone: (202) 720-1753
(this is not a toll free number), or via email: mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview Information



 Federal Agency Name: Rural Housing Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Request for Proposals (RFP): Farm Labor Housing
Technical Assistance Grants.



 Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance: 10.405.



 Dates: The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this RFP is
5:00 p.m., Eastern Daylight Time, on July 22, 2016. The application closing
deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider any application that
is received after the closing deadline. Applicants intending to mail
applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the
closing deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private mailer does not
constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX), COD, and postage due applications will not
be accepted.

 I. Program Description



 The technical assistance grants authorized under Section 516 of the Act are for
the purpose of encouraging the development of domestic and migrant FLH projects
under Sections 514 and 516 of the Act. RHS regulations for Section 514 and
Section 516 FLH program are published at 7 CFR part 3560. Further requirements
for technical assistance grants can be found at 7 CFR part 3560, subpart L.
Proposals must demonstrate the capacity to provide the intended technical
assistance.

 II. Award Information



 RHS will publish on its Web site, http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants, the amount of funding available in FY
2016. RHS intends to award one grant for each of three geographic regions listed
below. When establishing the three regions, and amount of funding available for
each region, consideration was given to such factors as farmworker migration
patterns and the similarity of agricultural products and labor needs within
certain areas of the United States. A single applicant may submit grant
proposals for more than one region; however, separate proposals must be
submitted for each region.



 Eastern Region: AL, CT, DE, FL, GA, IN, KY, MA, MD, ME, NH, NJ, NY, NC, OH, PA,
PR, RI, SC, TN, VI, VT, VA, and WV.



 Central Region: AR, IL, IA, KS, LA, MI, MN, MS, MO, NE., ND, OK, SD, TX, NM,
and WI.



 Western Region: AK, AZ, CA, CO, HI, ID, MT, NV, OR, UT, WA, WY, Pacific
Territories, and Regions



 The RHS has the authority under the Act to utilize up to 10 percent of its
Section 516 appropriations for FLH-TA grants. The disbursement of grant funds
during the grant period will be contingent upon the applicant making progress in
meeting the minimum performance requirements as described in the Scope of Work
section of this Notice, and the Grant Agreement including, but not limited to,
the submission of loan application packages.

 III. Eligibility Information



 Eligible Applicants: Eligibility for grants under this Notice is limited to
private and public non-profit agencies. Applicants must have the knowledge,
ability, technical expertise, or practical experience necessary to develop and
package loan and grant applications for FLH under the Section 514 and Section
516 programs (see Section IV. Application and Submission Information). In
addition, applicants must possess the ability to exercise leadership, organize
work, and prioritize assignments to meet work demands in a timely and cost
efficient manner. The applicant may arrange for other non-profit agencies to
provide services on its behalf; however, the RHS will expect the applicant to
provide the overall management necessary to ensure the objectives of the grant
are met. Non-profit agencies acting on behalf of the applicant must also meet
the eligibility requirements stated above.



 Cost Sharing or Matching: Cost sharing is not applicable to this program.

 Minimum Performance Requirements



 (1) Applicants shall conduct outreach to broad-based non-profit organizations,
non-profit organizations of farmworkers, federally recognized Indian tribes,
agencies or political subdivisions of State or local Government, public agencies
(such as housing authorities) and other eligible FLH organizations to further
the Section 514 and Section 516 FLH programs. Outreach will consist of a minimum
of 12 informational presentations to the general public annually to inform them
about the Section 514 Section and 516 FLH programs.



 (2) Applicants shall conduct at least 12 one-on-one meetings annually with
groups who are interested in applying for FLH loans or grants and assist such
groups with the loan and grant application process.



 (3) Applicants shall assist loan and grant applicants secure funding from other
sources for the purpose of leveraging those funds with RHS funds.



 (4) Applicants shall provide technical assistance during the development and
construction phase of FLH proposals selected for funding.



 (5) When submitting a grant proposal, applicants need not identify the
geographic location of the places they intend to target for their outreach
activities, however, applicants must commit to targeting at least five areas
within the grant proposal's region. All targeted areas must be distinct market
areas and not be overlapping. At least four of the targeted areas must be in
different States. If the proposal is selected for funding, the applicant will be
required to consult with each Rural Development State Director in the proposal's
region for the purpose of developing their list of targeted areas. When
determining which areas to target, consideration will be given to (a) the total
number of farmworkers in the area, (b) the number of farmworkers in that area
who lack adequate housing, (c) the percentage of the total number of farmworkers
that are without adequate housing, and (d) areas which have not recently had a
Section 514 or Section 516 loan or grant funded for new construction. In
addition, if selected for funding, the applicant will be required to revise
their Statement of Work to identify the geographic location of the targeted
areas and will submit their revised Statement of Work to the National Office
approval. When submitted for approval, the applicant must also submit a summary
of their consultation with the Rural Development State Directors. At grant
closing, the revised Statement of Work will be attached to, and become a part
of, the grant agreement.



 (6) During the grant period, each applicant must submit a minimum number of
loan application packages to the Agency for funding consideration. The minimum
number shall be the greater of (a) at least nine loan application packages for
the Eastern and Western Regions and at least seven for the Central Region or,
(b) a total number of loan application packages that is equal to 70 percent of
the number of areas the applicant's proposal committed to targeting. Fractional
percentages shall be rounded up to the next whole number. For example, if the
applicant's proposal committed to targeting 13 areas, then the applicant must
submit at least 10 loan application packages during the grant period (13 areas
&times; 70 percent = 9.1 rounded up to 10). The disbursement of grant funds
during the grant period will be contingent upon the applicant making progress in
meeting this minimum performance requirement. More than one application package
for the same market area will not be considered unless the applicant submits
documentation of the need for more than one FLH facility.



 (7) Provide training to applicants of FLH loans and grants to assist them in
their ability to manage FLH.

 IV. Application and Submission Information



 Intergovernmental Review. The Technical Assistant program is not subject to the
provisions of Executive Order 12372, which require intergovernmental
consultation with State and local officials. Expenses incurred in applying for
this Notice will be borne by and be at the applicant's risk.



 The application process will be in two phases; the initial application (or
proposal) and the submission of a formal application. Only those proposals that
are selected for funding will be invited to submit formal applications. All
proposals must include the following:



 (1) A summary page listing the following items. This information should be
double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.



 a. Applicant's name,



 b. Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number,



 c. Applicant's address,



 d. Applicant's telephone number,



 e. Name of applicant's contact person, telephone number, and address,



 f. Amount of grant requested,



 g. The FLH-TA grant region for which the proposal is submitted (i.e., Eastern,
Central, or Western Region), and



 h. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). As
part of the application, all applicants, except for individuals or agencies
excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements.



 (2) A narrative describing the applicant's ability to meet the eligibility
requirements stated in this Notice. If the applicant intends to have other
agencies working on their behalf, the narrative must identify those agencies and
address their ability to meet the stated eligibility requirements.



 (3) A detailed Statement of Work covering a 3-year period that contains
measurable monthly and annual accomplishments. The applicant's Statement of Work
is a critical component of the selection process. The Statement of Work must
include an outreach component describing the applicant's activities to inform
potentially eligible groups about the Section 514 and Section 516 FLH program.
The outreach component must include a schedule of their planned outreach
activities and must be included in a manner so that performance can be measured.
In addition, the outreach activities must be coordinated with the appropriate
RHS State Office and meet the minimum performance requirements as stated in the
Scope of Work section of this Notice. The Statement of Work must state how many
areas the applicant will target for their outreach activities (Note: If selected
for funding, the applicant will be required to revise their Statement of Work,
after consultation with Rural Development State Directors, to identify the areas
that will be targeted). The Statement of Work must also include a component for
training organizations on the application process and the long-term management
of FLH. The Statement of Work will also describe the applicant's plans to access
other funding for the development and construction of FLH and their experience
in obtaining such funding. The Statement of Work must describe any duties or
activities that will be performed by other agencies on behalf of the applicant.



 (4) An organizational plan that includes a staffing chart complete with name,
job title, salary, hours, timelines, and descriptions of employee duties to
achieve the objectives of the grant program.



 (5) Organizational documents and financial statements to evidence the
applicant's status as a properly organized private or public non-profit agency
and the financial ability to carry out the objectives of the grant program. If
other agencies will be working on behalf of the applicant, working agreements
between the applicant and those agencies must be submitted as part of the
proposal and any associated cost must be included in the applicant's budget.
Organizational and financial statements must also be submitted as part of the
application for any agencies that will be working on behalf of the applicant to
document the eligibility of those organizations.



 (6) A detailed budget plan projecting the monthly and annual expenses the
applicant will incur. Costs will be limited to those that are allowed under 2
CFR part 200.



 (7) To insure that funds are equitably distributed and that there is no
duplication of efforts on related projects, all applicants are to submit a list
of projects they are currently involved with, whether publicly or privately
supported, that are or may be, related to the objectives of this grant. In
addition, the same disclosure must be provided for any agencies that will be
working on behalf of the applicant.



 (8) The applicant must include a narrative describing its knowledge,
demonstrated ability, or practical experience in providing training and
technical assistance to applicants of loans or grants for the development of
multi-family or farmworker housing. The applicant must identify the type of
assistance that was applied for (loan or grant, tax credits, leveraged funding,
etc.), the number of times they have provided such assistance, and the success
ratio of their applications. In addition, information must be provided
concerning the number of housing units, their size, their design, and the amount
of grant and loan funds that were secured.



 (9) A narrative describing the applicant's knowledge and demonstrated ability
in estimating development and construction costs of multi-family or farm labor
housing and for obtaining the necessary permits and clearances.



 (10) A narrative describing the applicant's ability and experience in
overcoming community opposition to FLH and describing the methods and techniques
that they will use to overcome any such opposition, should it occur.



 (11) A separate one-page information sheet listing each of the "Application
Scoring Criteria" contained in this Notice, followed by the page numbers of all
relevant material and documentation that is contained in the proposal that
supports these criteria.

 V. Application Review Information



 The initial application (or proposal) evaluation process designed for this RFP
will consist of two phases. The first phase will evaluate the applicant's
Statement of Work and the degree to which it sets forth measurable objectives
that are consistent with the objectives of FLH-TA grant program. The second
phase will evaluate the applicant's knowledge and ability to provide the
management necessary for carrying out a FLH-TA grant program. Proposals will
only compete against other proposals within the same region. Selection points
will be awarded as follows:

 Phase I--Statement of Work



 The Statement of Work will be evaluated to determine the degree to which it
outlines efficient and measurable monthly and annual outcomes as follows:



 a. The minimum performance requirements of this Notice require that the
applicant commit to targeting at least five areas (at least four of which are in
different States). The more areas the applicant commits to targeting, the more
scoring points they will be awarded. As stated earlier in this Notice, the more
areas the applicant commits to the more loan application packages must be
submitted. The amount will be established in the Statement of Work. The number
of areas within the region that the applicant has committed to targeting for
outreach activities:



 (1) 5-7 targeted areas: 0 points



 (2) 8 targeted areas: 5 points



 (3) 9-10 targeted areas: 10 points



 (4) 11-12 targeted areas: 15 points



 (5) 13 or more areas: 20 points



 a. RHS wants the applicant to cover as much of the grant region as possible.
RHS does not want the applicant's efforts to be concentrated in a limited number
of States. For this reason, additional points will be awarded to grant proposals
that target areas in more than four States (the minimum requirement is four).
Applications only compete within their grant region. The grant proposal commits
to targeting areas in the following number of States:



 (1) 4 States: 0 points



 (2) 5 States: 5 points



 (3) 6 States: 10 points



 (4) 7 States: 15 points



 (5) More than 7 States: 20 points

 Phase II--Project Management



 a. The number of successful multi-family or FLH loan or grant applications the
applicant entity has assisted in developing and packaging:



 (1) 0-5 applications: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 applications: 10 points



 (3) 11-15 applications: 20 points



 (4) 16 or more applications: 30 points



 b. The number of groups seeking loans or grants for the development of
multi-family or FLH projects that the applicant entity has provided training and
technical assistance.



 (1) 0-5 groups: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 groups: 5 points



 (3) 11-15 groups: 10 points



 (4) 16 or more groups: 15 points



 c. The number of multi-family or FLH projects for which the applicant entity
has assisted in estimating development and construction costs and obtaining the
necessary permits and clearances:



 (1) 0-5 projects: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 projects: 5 points



 (3) 11-15 projects: 10 points



 (4) 16 or more projects: 15 points



 d. The number of times the applicant entity has encountered community
opposition and was able to overcome that opposition so that farm labor housing
was successfully developed.



 (1) 0-2 times: 0 points



 (2) 2-5 times: 5 points



 (3) 6-10 times: 10 points



 (4) 11 or more times: 15 points



 e. The number of times the applicant entity has been able to leverage funding
from two or more sources for the development of a multi-family or FLH project.



 (1) 0-5 times: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 times: 5 points



 (3) 11-15 times: 10 points



 (4) 16 or more times: 15 points



 f. The number of FLH projects that the applicant entity has assisted with
on-going management (i.e., rent-up, maintenance, etc.):



 (1) 0-5 FLH projects: 0 points



 (2) 6-10 FLH projects: 5 points



 (3) 11-15 FLH projects: 10 points



 (4) 16 or more FLH projects: 15 points



 The National Office will rank all pre-applications by region and distribute
funds to the regions in rank order and within funding limits.



 Tie Breakers--In the event two or more proposals within a region are scored
with an equal amount of points, selections will be made in the following order:



 (1) If an applicant has already had a proposal selected, their proposal will
not be selected.



 (2) If all or none of the applicants with equivalent scores have already had a
proposal selected, the lowest cost proposal will be selected.



 (3) If two or more proposals have equivalent scores, all or none of the
applicants have already had a proposal selected, and the cost is the same, a
proposal will be selected by a random lottery drawing.



 RHS will notify all applicants whether their pre-applications have been
accepted or rejected and provide appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11, as
appropriate.



 Reporting. Post-award reporting requirements can be found in the Grant
Agreement.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under Control Number 0575-0181.

 Non-Discrimination Requirements



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination in all of its
programs and activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, and where applicable, sex, marital status, familial status, parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, political beliefs, genetic information,
reprisal, or because all or part of an individual's income is derived from any
public assistance program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.)
Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



 To file a complaint of discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., STOP 9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll free
at (866) 632-9992 (English) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English
Federal--Relay) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish Federal--Relay). "USDA is an equal
opportunity provider, employer, and lender."

 Dated: May 13, 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-12068 Filed 5-20-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                3 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for Section 514
Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm
Housing for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015

LENGTH: 8021  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service


Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for Section 514
Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for
Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Housing Service (RHS) announces the timeframe to
submit pre-applications for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing (FLH) loans
and Section 516 FLH grants for the construction of new off-farm FLH
units and related facilities for domestic farm laborers and for the
purchase and substantial rehabilitation of an existing non-FLH
property. The intended purpose of these loans and grants is to increase
the number of available housing units for domestic farm laborers. This
Notice describes the method used to distribute funds, the application
process, and submission requirements.
    RHS will publish on its Web site, http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants, the amount of funding
available in FY 2015 based on current appropriations.
    Of particular note this year, the Agency will assign additional
points to pre-applications for projects based in or serving census
tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent over the
last 30 years. This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission
of improving the quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to
directing resources to those who most need them.

DATES: The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this
Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time to the appropriate Rural Development
State Office on June 23, 2015. Rural Development will not consider any
application that is received after the deadline unless the date and
time is extended by another Notice published in the Federal Register.
Applicants intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time
to permit delivery on or before the deadline. Acceptance by a post
office or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX)
and postage due applications will not be accepted.

ADDRESSES: Applicants wishing to submit an application in response to
this Notice must contact the Rural Development State Office serving the
State of the proposed off-FLH project in order to receive further
information and copies of the application package. You may find the
addresses and contact information for each State Office following this
web link, http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural
Development will date and time stamp incoming applications to evidence
timely receipt and, upon request, will provide the applicant with a
written acknowledgment of receipt.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan
Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division,
STOP 0781 (Room 1263-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone: (202) 720-1753 (this
is not a toll free number.), or via email:
mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.
    Funding Opportunity Title: NOSA for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing
Loans and Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing
for Fiscal Year 2015.
    Announcement Type: Solicitation of pre-applications from qualified
applicants for FY 2015.

[[Page 15744]]

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA): 10.405 and
10.427.
    Due Date for Applications: June 23, 2015.

A. Federal Award Description

Pre-applications will only be accepted through the date and time
listed in this Notice. All awards are subject to availability of
funding. Individual requests may not exceed $3 million (total loan and
grant).
    No State may receive more than 30 percent of available FLH funding
available in FY 2015. If there are insufficient applications from
around the country to exhaust Sections 514/516 funds available, the
Agency may then exceed the 30 percent cap per State. Section 516 off-
farm FLH grants may not exceed 90 percent of the total development cost
(TDC) of the housing as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.
    If leveraged funds are going to be used and are in the form of tax
credits, the applicant must include in its pre-application written
evidence that a tax credit application has been submitted and accepted
by the Housing Finance Agency (HFA). All applications that will receive
any leveraged funds must have firm commitments in place within 12
months of the issuance of a ``Notice of Pre-application Review
Action,'' Handbook Letter 103 (3560). Applicants without written
evidence that a tax credit application has been submitted and accepted
by the HFA must certify in writing they will apply for tax credits to
the HFA and obtain a firm commitment within 12 months of the issuance
of a ``Notice of Pre-application Review Action.''
    Rental Assistance (RA) and operating assistance will be available
for new construction in FY 2015. Operating assistance is explained at 7
CFR 3560.574 and may be used in lieu of tenant-specific RA in off-FLH
projects that serve migrant farm workers as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11,
that are financed under Section 514 or Section 516 (h) of the Housing
Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1486(h) respectively), and
otherwise meet the requirements of 7 CFR 3560.574.

B. Eligibility Information

1. Eligibility

Housing Eligibility--Housing that is constructed with FLH loans
and/or grants must meet Rural Development's design and construction
standards contained in 7 CFR part 1924, subparts A and C. Once
constructed, off-farm FLH must be managed in accordance with 7 CFR part
3560. In addition, off-farm FLH must be operated on a non-profit basis
and tenancy must be open to all qualified domestic farm laborers,
regardless at which farm they work. Section 514(f) (3) of the Housing
Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484(f) (3)) defines domestic farm
laborers to include any person regardless of the person's source of
employment, who receives a substantial portion of his or her income
from the primary production of agricultural or aqua cultural
commodities in the unprocessed or processed stage, and also includes
the person's family.
    Tenant Eligibility--Tenant eligibility is limited to persons who
meet the definition of a ``disabled domestic farm laborer,'' or a
``domestic farm laborer,'' or ``retired domestic farm laborer,'' as
defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. Farm workers who are admitted to this country
on a temporary basis under the Temporary Agricultural Workers (H-2A
Visa) program are not eligible to occupy Sections 514/516 off-farm FLH.
    Applicant Eligibility--
    (a) To be eligible to receive a Section 516 grant for off-farm FLH,
the applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including
community and faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of
farm workers, a Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or
political subdivision of a State or local Government, or a public
agency (such as a housing authority). The applicant must be able to
contribute at least one-tenth of the TDC from non-Rural Development
resources which can include leveraged funds.
    (b) To be eligible to receive a Section 514 loan for off-farm FLH,
the applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including
community and faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of
farm workers, a Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or
political subdivision of a State or local Government, a public agency
(such as a housing authority), or a limited partnership which has a
non-profit entity as its general partner, and
    (i) Be unable to provide the necessary housing from its own
resources;
    (ii) Except for State or local public agencies and Indian tribes,
be unable to obtain similar credit elsewhere at rates that would allow
for rents within the payment ability of eligible residents.
    (iii) Broad-based non-profit organizations must have a membership
that reflects a variety of interests in the area where the housing will
be located.
    2. Cost Sharing or Matching--Section 516 grants for off-farm FLH
may not exceed 90 percent of the TDC as provided in 7 CFR
3560.562(c)(1).
    3. Other Requirements--The following requirements apply to loans
and grants made in response to this Notice:
    (a) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E, regarding equal opportunity
requirements;
    (b) For grants only, 2 CFR parts 200 and 400, which establishes the
uniform administrative and audit requirements for grants and
cooperative agreements to State and local Governments and to non-profit
organizations;
    (c) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart F, regarding historical and
archaeological properties;
    (d) 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, regarding environmental
assessments;
    (e) 7 CFR part 3560, subpart L, regarding the loan and grant
authorities of the off-farm FLH program;
    (f) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, regarding planning and performing
construction and other development;
    (g) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart C, regarding the planning and
performing of site development work;
    (h) For construction financed with a Section 516 grant, the
provisions of the Davis-Bacon Act (40 U.S.C. 276(a)-276(a)-5) and
implementing regulations published at 29 CFR parts 1, 3, and 5;
    (i) All other requirements contained in 7 CFR part 3560, regarding
the Sections 514/516 off-farm FLH programs; and
    (j) Please note that grant applicants must obtain a Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and maintain
registration in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) prior to
submitting a pre-application pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition,
an entity applicant must maintain registration in the CCR database at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application
or plan under construction by the Agency. Similarly, all recipients of
Federal financial assistance are required to report information about
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation in accordance with 2
CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an exception
under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary processes
and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

C. Application and Submission Information

1. Pre-Application Submission

The application process will be in two phases: The initial pre-
application (or proposal) and the submission of a final application.
Only those pre-applications

[[Page 15745]]

or proposals that are selected for further processing will be invited
to submit final applications. In the event that a proposal is selected
for further processing and the applicant declines, the next highest
ranked unfunded pre-application may be selected for further processing.
All pre-applications for Sections 514 and 516 funds must be filed with
the appropriate Rural Development State Office and must meet the
requirements of this Notice. Incomplete pre-applications will not be
reviewed and will be returned to the applicant. No pre-application will
be accepted after the deadline unless date and time are extended by
another Notice published in the Federal Register.
    Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the
FLH Pre-application form found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants or in hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Office where the project will be located.
Follow the link for the RD Office address for requesting and submitting
pre-application at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateofficeAddresses.html.
Applicants are strongly encouraged, but not
required, to submit the pre-application electronically. The electronic
form contains a button labeled ``Send Form.'' By clicking on the
button, the applicant will see an email message window with an
attachment that includes the electronic form the applicant filled out
as a data file with an .fdf extension. In addition, an auto-reply
acknowledgement will be sent to the applicant when the electronic Loan
Proposal form is received by the Agency unless the sender has software
that will block the receipt of the auto-reply email. The State Office
will record pre-applications received electronically by the actual date
and time when all attachments are received at the State Office.
    Submission of the electronic Section 514 Loan Proposal form does
not constitute submission of the entire proposal package which requires
additional forms and supporting documentation as listed within this
Notice. You may use one of the following three options for submitting
the entire proposal package comprising of all required forms and
documents. On the Loan Proposal form you can indicate the option you
will be using to submit each required form and document.
    (a) Electronic Media Option. Submit all forms and documents as
read-only Adobe Acrobat files on electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or
USB drives. For each electronic device submitted, the applicant should
include a Table of Contents of all documents and forms on that device.
The electronic media should be submitted to the Rural Development State
Office listed in this Notice where the property is located. Any forms
and documents that are not sent electronically, including the check for
credit reports, must be mailed to the Rural Development State Office.
    (b) Email Option. On the Loan Proposal form you will be asked for a
submission email address. This email address will be used to establish
a folder on the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) server with your
unique email address. Once the Loan Proposal form is processed, you
will receive an additional email notifying you of the email address
that you can use to email your forms and documents. Please Note: All
forms and documents must be emailed from the same submission email
address. This will ensure that all forms and documents that you send
will be stored in the folder assigned to that email address. Any forms
and documents that are not sent in via the email option must be
submitted on an electronic media or in hard copy form to the Rural
Development State Office.
    (c) Hard Copy Submission to the Rural Development State Office. If
you are unable to send the proposal package electronically using either
of the options listed above, you may send a hard copy of all forms and
documents to the Rural Development State Office where the property is
located. Hard copy pre-applications received on or before the deadline
date will receive the close of business time of the day received as the
receipt time. Hard copy pre-applications must be received by the
submission deadline and no later than 5:00 p.m., local time, June 23,
2015. Assistance for filing electronic and hard copy pre-applications
can be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
    For electronic submissions, there is a time delay between the time
it is sent and the time it is received depending on network traffic. As
a result, last-minute submissions sent before the deadline date and
time could well be received after the deadline date and time because of
the increased network traffic. Applicants are reminded that all
submissions received after the deadline date and time will be rejected,
regardless of when they were sent.
    If a pre-application is accepted for further processing, the
applicant must submit a complete, final application, acceptable to
Rural Development prior to the obligation of Rural Development funds.
If the pre-application is not accepted for further processing the
applicant will be notified of appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11.

2. Pre-Application Requirements

(a) The pre-application must contain the following:
    (1) A summary page listing the following items. This information
should be double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.
    (i) Applicant's name.
    (ii) Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number.
    (iii) Applicant's address.
    (iv) Applicant's telephone number.
    (v) Name of applicant's contact person, telephone number, and
address.
    (vi) Amount of loan and/or grant requested.
    (vii) For grants of Federal financial assistance (including loans
and grants, cooperative agreements, etc.), the applicant's Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and
registration in the CCR database in accordance with 2 CFR part 25. As
required by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), all grant
applicants must provide a DUNS number when applying for Federal grants,
on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS number at
no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at (866) 705-5711 or
via the internet at: http://www.dnb.com/. Additional information
concerning this requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site
at www.grants.gov. Similarly, applicants may register for the CCR at:
https://www.uscontractorregistration.com/ or by calling (877) 252-2700.
    (2) Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions
contained in an appropriation in FY 2014 that funds FLH.
    (3) A narrative verifying the applicant's ability to meet the
eligibility requirements stated earlier in this Notice. If an applicant
is selected for further processing, Rural Development will require
additional documentation as set forth in a Conditional Commitment in
order to verify the entity has the legal and financial capability to
carry out the obligation of the loan.
    (4) Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance,'' can
be obtained at: http://www.grants.gov or from any Rural Development
State Office listed in Section VII of this Notice.
    (5) For loan pre-applications, current (within 6 months of pre-
application date) financial statements with the following paragraph
certified by the applicant's designated and legally authorized signer:
    ``I/we certify the above is a true and accurate reflection of our
financial condition as of the date stated herein.

[[Page 15746]]

This statement is given for the purpose of inducing the United States
of America to make a loan or to enable the United States of America to
make a determination of continued eligibility of the applicant for a
loan as requested in the loan application of which this statement is a
part.''
    (6) For loan pre-applications, a check for $24 from applicants made
out to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. This will be used to pay for
credit reports obtained by Rural Development.
    (7) Evidence that the applicant is unable to obtain credit from
other sources. Letters from credit institutions which normally provide
real estate loans in the area should be obtained and these letters
should indicate the rates and terms upon which a loan might be
provided. (Note: Not required from State or local public agencies or
Indian tribes.)
    (8) If a FLH grant is desired, a statement concerning the need for
a FLH grant. The statement should include preliminary estimates of the
rents required with and without a grant.
    (9) A statement of the applicant's experience in operating labor
housing or other rental housing. If the applicant's experience is
limited, additional information should be provided to indicate how the
applicant plans to compensate for this limited experience (i.e.,
obtaining assistance and advice of a management firm, non-profit group,
public agency, or other organization which is experienced in rental
management and will be available on a continuous basis).
    (10) A brief statement explaining the applicant's proposed method
of operation and management (i.e., on-site manager, contract for
management services, etc.). As stated earlier in this Notice, the
housing must be managed in accordance with the program's management
regulation, 7 CFR part 3560 and tenancy is limited to ``disabled
domestic farm laborers,'' ``domestic farm laborers,'' and ``retired
domestic farm laborers,'' as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.
    (11) Applicants must also provide:
    (i) A copy of, or an accurate citation to, the special provisions
of State law under which they are organized, a copy of the applicant's
charter, Articles of Incorporation, and by-laws;
    (ii) The names, occupations, and addresses of the applicant's
members, directors, and officers; and
    (iii) If a member or subsidiary of another organization, the
organization's name, address, and nature of business.
    (12) A preliminary market survey or market study to identify the
supply and demand for farm labor housing in the market area. The market
area must be clearly identified and may include only the area from
which tenants can reasonably be drawn for the proposed project.
Documentation must be provided to justify a need within the intended
market area for the housing of ``domestic farm laborers,'' as defined
in 7 CFR 3560.11. The documentation must take into account disabled and
retired farm workers. The preliminary survey should address or include
the following items:
    (i) The annual income level of farmworker families in the area and
the probable income of the farm workers who will likely occupy the
proposed housing;
    (ii) A realistic estimate of the number of farm workers who remain
in the area where they harvest and the number of farm workers who
normally migrate into the area. Information on migratory workers should
indicate the average number of months the migrants reside in the area
and an indication of what type of family groups are represented by the
migrants (i.e., single individuals as opposed to families);
    (iii) General information concerning the type of labor intensive
crops grown in the area and prospects for continued demand for farm
laborers;
    (iv) The overall occupancy rate for comparable rental units in the
area and the rents charged and customary rental practices for these
units (i.e., will they rent to large families, do they require annual
leases, etc.);
    (v) The number, condition, adequacy, rental rates and ownership of
units currently used or available to farm workers;
    (vi) A description of the units proposed, including the number,
type, size, rental rates, amenities such as carpets and drapes, related
facilities such as a laundry room or community room and other
facilities providing supportive services in connection with the housing
and the needs of the prospective tenants such as a health clinic or day
care facility, estimated development timeline, estimated TDC, and
applicant contribution; and
    (vii) The applicant must also identify all other sources of funds,
including the dollar amount, source, and commitment status. (Note: A
Section 516 grant may not exceed 90 percent of the TDC of the housing.)
    (13) The applicant must submit a checklist, certification, and
signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer, as applicable,
for any energy programs listed in Section IV the applicant intends to
participate in.
    (14) The following forms are required:
    (i) A completed Form RD 1940-20, ``Request for Environmental
Information,'' and a description of anticipated environmental issues or
concerns. The form can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1940-20.PDF.
    (ii) A prepared HUD Form 935.2A, ``Affirmative Fair Housing
Marketing Plan (AFHM) Multi-Family Housing,'' in accordance with 7 CFR
1901.203(c). The plan will reflect that occupancy is open to all
qualified ``domestic farm laborers,'' regardless of which farming
operation they work and that they will not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, sex, age, disability, marital or familial status or
National origin in regard to the occupancy or use of the units. The
form can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=935-2a.PDF.
    (iii) A proposed operating budget utilizing Form RD 3560-7,
``Multiple Family Housing Project Budget/Utility Allowance,'' can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-7.PDF.
    (iv) An estimate of development cost utilizing Form RD 1924-13,
``Estimate and Certificate of Actual Cost,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1924-13.PDF.
    (v) Form RD 3560-30, ``Certification of no Identity of Interest
(IOI),'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-30.PDF and
Form RD 3560-31, ``Identity of
Interest Disclosure/Qualification Certification,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-31.PDF.
    (vi) Form HUD 2530, ``Previous Participation Certification,'' can
be found at: http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=2530.pdf.
    (vii) If requesting RA or Operating Assistance, Form RD 3560-25,
``Initial Request for Rental Assistance or Operating Assistance,'' can
be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-25.PDF.
    (viii) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD400-4.PDF.
Applicants for revitalization, repair, and rehabilitation
funding are to apply through the Multifamily Housing Preservation and
Revitalization (MPR) Demonstration Program.
    (ix) Evidence of compliance with Executive Order 12372. The
applicant must send a copy of Form SF-424,

[[Page 15747]]

``Application for Federal Assistance'', to the applicant's State
clearinghouse for intergovernmental review. If the applicant is located
in a State that does not have a clearinghouse, the applicant is not
required to submit the form. Applications from Federally recognized
Indian tribes are not subject to this requirement.
    (15) Evidence of site control, such as an option contract or sales
contract. In addition, a map and description of the proposed site,
including the availability of water, sewer, and utilities and the
proximity to community facilities and services such as shopping,
schools, transportation, doctors, dentists, and hospitals.
    (16) Preliminary plans and specifications, including plot plans,
building layouts, and type of construction and materials. The housing
must meet Rural Development's design and construction standards
contained in 7 CFR part 1924, subparts A and C and must also meet all
applicable Federal, State, and local accessibility standards.
    (17) A supportive services plan, which describes services that will
be provided on-site or made available to tenants through cooperative
agreements with service providers in the community, such as a health
clinic or day care facility. Off-site services must be accessible and
affordable to farm workers and their families. Letters of intent from
service providers are acceptable documentation at the pre-application
stage.
    (18) A sources and uses statement which shows all sources of
funding included in the proposed project. The terms and schedules of
all sources included in the project should be included in the sources
and uses statement.
    (19) A separate one-page information sheet listing each of the
``Pre-Application Scoring Criteria,'' contained in this Notice,
followed by a reference to the page numbers of all relevant material
and documentation that is contained in the proposal that supports the
criteria.
    (20) Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to include a
checklist of all of the pre-application requirements and to have their
pre-application indexed and tabbed to facilitate the review process;
    (21) Evidence of compliance with the requirements of the applicable
State Housing Preservation Office (SHPO), and/or Tribal Historic
Preservation Officer (THPO). A letter from the SHPO and/or THPO where
the off-farm labor housing project is located, signed by their designee
will serve as evidence of compliance.

D. Pre-Application Review Information

1. Selection Criteria. Section 514 FLH loan funds and Section 516
FLH grant funds will be distributed to States based on a national
competition, as follows:
    (a) Rural Development State Office will accept, review, and score
pre-applications in accordance with this Notice. The scoring factors
are:
    (1) The presence of construction cost savings, including donated
land and construction leverage assistance, for the units that will
serve program-eligible tenants. The savings will be calculated as a
percentage of the Rural Development TDC. The percentage calculation
excludes any costs prohibited by Rural Development as loan expenses,
such as a developer's fee. Construction cost savings includes, but is
not limited to, funds for hard construction costs, and State or Federal
funds which are applicable to construction costs. A minimum of 10
percent cost savings is required to earn points; however, if the total
percentage of cost savings is less than 10 percent and the proposal
includes donated land, two points will be awarded for the donated land.
To count as cost savings for purposes of the selection criteria, the
applicant must submit written evidence from the third-party funder that
an application for those funds has been submitted and accepted points
will be awarded in accordance with the following table using rounding
to the nearest whole number.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Percentage                             Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------
75 or more.................................................           20
60-74......................................................           18
50-59......................................................           16
40-49......................................................           12
30-39......................................................           10
20-29......................................................            8
10-19......................................................            5
0-9........................................................            0
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(2) The presence of operational cost savings, such as tax
abatements, non-Rural Development tenant subsidies or donated services
are calculated on a per-unit cost savings for the sum of the savings.
Savings must be available for at least 5 years and documentation must
be provided with the application demonstrating the availability of
savings for 5 years. To calculate the savings, take the total amount of
savings and divide it by the number of units in the project that will
benefit from the savings to obtain the per unit cost savings. For non-
Rural Development tenant subsidy, if the value changes during the 5
year calculation, the applicant must use the lower of the non-Rural
Development tenant subsidy to calculate per unit cost savings. For
example, a 10-unit property with 100 percent designated farm labor
housing units receiving $20,000 per year non-Rural Development subsidy
yields a cost savings of $100,000 ($20,000 x 5 years); resulting to a
$10,000 per-unit cost savings ($100,000/10 units).
    Use the following table to apply points:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   Per-unit cost savings                        Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Above $15,000..............................................           50
$10,001-$15,000............................................           35
$7,501-$10,000.............................................           20
$5,001-$7,500..............................................           15
$3,501-$5,000..............................................           10
$2,001-$3,500..............................................            5
$1,000-$2,000..............................................            2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(3) Percent of units for seasonal, temporary, migrant housing. (10
points for up to and including 50 percent of the units; 20 points for
51 percent or more units used for seasonal, temporary, or migrant
housing.)
    (4) Additional 10 points will be awarded to projects in persistent
poverty counties. A county is considered persistently poor if 20
percent or more of its population was living in poverty over the last
30 years (measured by the 1980, 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and
2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-year estimates).
    (5) Presence of tenant services.
    (i) Up to 25 points will be awarded based on the presence of and
extent to which a tenant services plan exists that clearly outlines
services that will be provided to the residents of the proposed
project. These services may include, but are not limited to,
transportation related services, on-site English as a Second Language
(ESL) classes, move-in funds, emergency assistance funds, homeownership
counseling, food pantries, after school tutoring, and computer learning
centers.
    (ii) Two points will be awarded for each resident service included
in the tenant services plan up to a maximum of 10 points. Plans must
detail how the services are to be administered, who will administer
them, and where they will be administered. All tenant service plans
must include letters of intent that clearly state the service that will
be provided at the project for the benefit of the residents from any
party administering each service, including the applicant.
    (6) Energy Initiative Scoring Points (maximum 70 points).

Properties may receive points for energy initiatives in the categories
of energy conservation, energy generation, water conservation and green
property

[[Page 15748]]

management. Depending on the scope of work (SOW), properties may earn
``energy initiative'' points (up to a maximum of 70 points) in either
one of two categories: (1) New Construction or (2) Purchase and
Rehabilitation of an Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building. Projects
will be eligible for one category of the two, but not both.
    Energy programs including LEED for Homes, Green Communities, etc.,
will each have an initial checklist indicating prerequisites for
participation in its energy program. The applicable energy program
checklist will establish whether prerequisites for the energy program's
participation will be met. All checklists must be accompanied by a
signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer stating that the
goals are achievable. In addition, projects that apply for points under
the energy generation category must include calculations of savings of
energy. Compare property energy usage of three scenarios: (1) Property
built to required code of State with no renewables, to (2) property as-
designed with commitments to stated energy conservation programs
without the use of renewables and (3) property as-designed with
commitments to stated energy conservation programs and the use of
proposed renewables. Use local average metrics for weather and utility
costs and detail savings in kWh and dollars. Provide payback
calculations. These calculations must be done by a licensed engineer or
credentialed renewable energy provider. Include with application, the
provider/engineer's credentials including qualifications,
recommendations, and proof of previous work. The checklist, affidavit,
calculations and qualifications of engineer/energy provider must be
submitted together with the loan application.
    Enrollment in EPA Portfolio Manager Program. All projects awarded
scoring points for energy initiatives must enroll the project in the
EPA Portfolio Manager program to track post-construction energy
consumption data. More information about this program may be found at:
http://www.energystar.gov/buildings/facility-owners-and-managers/existing-buildi
ngs/use-portfolio-manager.
    (i) Energy Conservation for New Construction or Purchase and
Rehabilitation of an Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building (maximum
55 points). Projects may be eligible for up to 55 points when the pre-
application includes a written certification by the applicant to
participate in the following energy efficiency programs.
    The points will be allocated as follows:
     Participation in the EPA's Energy Star for Homes V3
program. (20 points)
http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=bldrs_lenders_raters.pt_bldr.

OR

Participation in the Green Communities program by the
Enterprise Community Partners. (30 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities.

OR
     Participation in one of the following two programs will be
awarded points for certification.

Note: Each program has four levels of certification. State the
level of certification that the applicant plans will achieve in their
certification:
     LEED for Homes program by the United States Green Building
Council (USGBC): http://www.usgbc.org.

-- Certified Level (30 points), OR
-- Silver Level (35 points), OR
-- Gold Level (40 points), OR
-- Platinum Level (45 points).

Applicant must state the level of certification that the
applicant's plans will achieve in their certification in its pre-
application.

OR

Home Innovation's and The National Association of Home
Builders (NAHB) ICC 700 National Green Building Standard TM:
http://www.nahb.org/.
-- Green-Bronze Level (30 points), OR
-- Silver Level (35 points), OR
-- Gold Level (40 points), OR
-- Emerald Level (45 points).

Applicant must state the level of certification that the
applicant's plans will achieve in their certification in its pre-
application.

AND

Participation in the Department of Energy's Zero Energy
Ready program. (8 points)
http://www.energy.gov/eere/buildings/zero-energy-ready-home.

AND

Participation in local green/energy efficient building
standards. Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality
program, will receive an additional 2 points.
    (ii) Energy Conservation for Rehabilitation (maximum 55 points).
Pre-applications for the purchase and rehabilitation of non-program MFH
and related facilities in rural areas may be eligible to receive 55
points when the pre-application includes a written certification by the
applicant to participate in one of the following energy efficiency
programs. Again, the certification must be accompanied by a signed
affidavit by the project architect or engineer stating that the goals
are achievable. Points will be award as follows:
     Participation in the Green Communities program by the
Enterprise Community Partners (53 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities. At least 30 percent of the points needed to qualify for
the Green Communities program must be earned under the Energy
Efficiency section of Green Communities.

AND

Participation in local green/energy efficient building
standards.
    Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality
program, will receive an additional 2 points. The applicant should be
aware of and look for additional requirements that are sometimes
embedded in the third-party program's rating and verification systems.
(2 points)
    (iii) Energy Generation (maximum 7 points). Pre-applications for
new construction or purchase and rehabilitation of non-program multi-
family projects which participate in the above mentioned programs and
receive at least 20 points in the point allocations above are eligible
to earn additional points for installation of on-site renewable energy
sources. Energy analysis of preliminary building plans using industry-
recognized simulation software must document the projected total energy
consumption of all of the building components and building site usage.
Projects with an energy analysis of the preliminary or rehabilitation
building plans that propose a 10 percent to 100 percent energy
generation commitment (where generation is considered to be the total
amount of energy needed to be generated on-site to make the building a
net-zero consumer of energy) will be awarded points as follows:
     0 to 9 percent commitment to energy generation receives 0
points;
     (b) 10 to 20 percent commitment to energy generation
receives 1 point;
     (c) 21 to 40 percent commitment to energy generation
receives 2 points;
     (d) 41 to 60 percent commitment to energy generation
receives 3 points;
     (e) 61 to 80 percent commitment to energy generation
receives 4 points; and
     (f) 81-100 percent or more commitment to energy generation
receives 5 points.
    Projects may participate in Power Purchase Agreements or Solar
Leases to achieve their on-site renewable energy generation goals
provided that the

[[Page 15749]]

financial obligations of the lease/purchase agreements are clearly
documented and included in the application, and qualifying ratios
continue to be achieved.
    An additional (2) points will be awarded for off-grid systems, or
elements of systems, provided that at least 5 percent of on-site
renewable system is off-grid. See www.dsireusa.org for State and local
specific incentives and regulations of energy initiatives.
    (iv) Water Conservation in Irrigation Measures (maximum 3 points).
Projects may be awarded 3 points for the use of an engineered recycled
water (gray water or storm water) for landscape irrigation covering 50
percent or more of the property's site landscaping needs.
    (v) Property Management Credentials (maximum 5 points). Projects
may be awarded an additional 5 points if the designated property
management company or individuals that will assume maintenance and
operations responsibilities upon completion of construction work have a
Credential for Green Property Management. Credentialing can be obtained
from the National Apartment Association (NAA), National Affordable
Housing Management Association, The Institute for Real Estate
Management, U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design for Operations and Maintenance (LEED OM), or
another source with a certifiable credentialing program. Credentialing
must be illustrated in the resume(s) of the property management team
and included with the pre-application.
    The National Office will rank all pre-applications nationwide and
distribute funds to States in rank order, within funding and RA limits.
When proposals have an equal score, preference will be given first to
Indian tribes as defined in Sec.  3560.11 and then local non-profit
organizations or public bodies whose principal purposes include low-
income housing that meet the conditions of Sec.  3560.55(c) and the
following conditions:
     Is exempt from Federal income taxes under section
501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue code;
     Is not wholly or partially owned or controlled by a for-
profit or limited-profit type entity;
     Whose members, or the entity, do not share an identity of
interest with a for-profit or limited-profit type entity;
     Is not co-venturing with another entity; and
     The entity or its members will not be receiving any direct
or indirect benefits pursuant to Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
    If there are two or more applications that have the same score and
both cannot be funded, a lottery in accordance with 7 CFR 3560.56(c)(2)
will be used to break the tie. If insufficient funds or RA remain for
the next ranked proposal, that applicant will be given a chance to
modify their pre-application to bring it within remaining funding
levels. This will be repeated for each next ranked eligible proposal
until an award can be made or the list is exhausted.
    Rural Development will notify all applicants whether their
applications have been accepted or rejected and provide appeal rights
under 7 CFR part 11, as appropriate.

E. Federal Award Administration Information

1. Federal Award Notices

Loan applicants must submit their initial applications by the due
date specified in this Notice. Once the applications have been scored
and ranked by the National Office, the National Office will advise
State Offices of the proposals selected for further processing, State
Offices will respond to applicants by letter.
    If the application is not accepted for further processing, the
applicant will be notified of appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11.

2. Administrative and National Policy

All Farm Labor Housing loans and grants are subject to the
restrictive-use provisions contained in 7 CFR 3560.72(a)(2).

3. Reporting

Borrowers must maintain separate financial records for the
operation and maintenance of the project and for tenant services.
Tenant services will not be funded by Rural Development. Funds
allocated to the operation and maintenance of the project may not be
used to supplement the cost of tenant services, nor may tenant service
funds be used to supplement the project operation and maintenance.
Detailed financial reports regarding tenant services will not be
required unless specifically requested by Rural Development, and then
only to the extent necessary for Rural Development and the borrower to
discuss the affordability (and competitiveness) of the service provided
to the tenant. The project audit, or verification of accounts on Form
RD 3560-10, ``Borrower Balance Sheet,'' together with an accompanying
Form RD 3560-7, ``Multiple Family Housing Project Budget Utility
Allowance,'' [showing actual,] must allocate revenue and expense
between project operations and the service component.

F. Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Requirements

Borrowers and applicants will comply with the provisions of 7 CFR
3560.2. All housing must meet the accessibility requirements found at 7
CFR 3560.60(d). All applicants must submit or have on file a valid Form
RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement,'' and Form RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement.''
    The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against
its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity,
religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs, marital
status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, all or part of
an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program,
or protected genetic information in employment or in any program or
activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited
bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.)
    If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
Agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
    If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, any
USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to
request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of the
information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-9410, by fax (202) 720-7442 or email at: program.intake@usda.gov
    Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of

[[Page 15750]]

communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,
audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD).

Dated: March 17, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.
[FR Doc. 2015-06863 Filed 3-24-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                4 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for Section 514
Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm
Housing for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016

LENGTH: 7935  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Solicitation of
Applications (NOSA) for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516
Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016 AGENCY:
Rural Housing Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Housing Service (RHS) announces the timeframe to submit
pre-applications for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing (FLH) loans and Section 516
FLH grants for the construction of new off-farm FLH units and related facilities
for domestic farm laborers and for the purchase and substantial rehabilitation
of an existing non-FLH property.

The intended purpose of these loans and grants is to increase the number of
available housing units for domestic farm laborers. This Notice describes the
method used to distribute funds, the application process, and submission
requirements. RHS will publish on its Web site,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants,
the amount of funding available in FY 2016 based on current appropriations. The
Agency will assign additional points to pre-applications for projects based in
or serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent
over the last 30 years. This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission
of improving the quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to directing
resources to those who most need them. DATES: The deadline for receipt of all
applications in response to this Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time to the
appropriate Rural Development State Office on April 12, 2016. Rural Development
will not consider any application that is received after the deadline unless the
date and time is extended by another Notice published in the Federal Register.
Applicants intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit
delivery on or before the deadline. Acceptance by a post office or private
mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and postage due
applications will not be accepted. ADDRESSES: Applicants wishing to submit an
application in response to this Notice must contact the Rural Development State
Office serving the State of the proposed off-FLH project in order to receive
further information and copies of the application package. You may find the
addresses and contact information for each State Office following this web link,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will date and
time stamp incoming applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon request,
will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of receipt. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family
Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1263-S), USDA
Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781,
telephone: (202) 720-1753 (this is not a toll free number), or via email:
mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Federal
Agency: Rural Housing Service. Funding Opportunity Title: NOSA for Section 514
Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm
Housing for Fiscal Year 2016. Announcement Type: Solicitation of
pre-applications from qualified applicants for FY 2016. Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA): 10.405 and 10.427. Due Date for
Applications: April 12, 2016. A. Federal Award Description Pre-applications will
only be accepted through the date and time listed in this Notice. All awards are
subject to availability of funding. Individual requests may not exceed $3
million (total loan and grant). No State may receive more than 30 percent of
available FLH funding available in FY 2016. If there are insufficient
applications from around the country to exhaust Sections 514/516 funds
available, the Agency may then exceed the 30 percent cap per State. Section 516
off- farm FLH grants may not [[Page 1612]] exceed 90 percent of the total
development cost (TDC) of the housing as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. If leveraged
funds are going to be used and are in the form of tax credits, the applicant
must include in its pre-application written evidence that a tax credit
application has been submitted and accepted by the Housing Finance Agency (HFA).
All applications that will receive any leveraged funds must have firm
commitments in place within 12 months of the issuance of a ``Notice of
Pre-application Review Action,'' Handbook Letter 103 (3560). Applicants without
written evidence that a tax credit application has been submitted and accepted
by the HFA must certify in writing they will apply for tax credits to the HFA
and obtain a firm commitment within 12 months of the issuance of a ``Notice of
Pre-application Review Action.'' Rental Assistance (RA) and operating assistance
will be available for new construction in FY 2016. Operating assistance is
explained at 7 CFR 3560.574 and may be used in lieu of tenant-specific RA in
off-FLH projects that serve migrant farm workers as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11,
that are financed under Section 514 or Section 516 (h) of the Housing Act of
1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1486(h) respectively), and otherwise meet
the requirements of 7 CFR 3560.574. B. Eligibility Information 1. Eligibility
Housing Eligibility--Housing that is constructed with FLH loans and/or grants
must meet Rural Development's design and construction standards contained in 7
CFR part 1924, subparts A and C. Once constructed, off-farm FLH must be managed
in accordance with 7 CFR part 3560. In addition, off-farm FLH must be operated
on a non-profit basis and tenancy must be open to all qualified domestic farm
laborers, regardless at which farm they work. Section 514(f)(3) of the Housing
Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484(f)(3)) defines domestic farm laborers to
include any person regardless of the person's source of employment, who receives
a substantial portion of his or her income from the primary production of
agricultural or aqua cultural commodities in the unprocessed or processed stage,
and also includes the person's family. Tenant Eligibility--Tenant eligibility is
limited to persons who meet the definition of a ``disabled domestic farm
laborer,'' or a ``domestic farm laborer,'' or ``retired domestic farm laborer,''
as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. Farm workers who are admitted to this country on a
temporary basis under the Temporary Agricultural Workers (H-2A Visa) program are
not eligible to occupy Sections 514/516 off-farm FLH. Applicant Eligibility--
(a) To be eligible to receive a Section 516 grant for off-farm FLH, the
applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including community and
faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of farm workers, a
Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or political subdivision of a State
or local Government, or a public agency (such as a housing authority). The
applicant must be able to contribute at least one-tenth of the TDC from
non-Rural Development resources which can include leveraged funds. (b) To be
eligible to receive a Section 514 loan for off-farm FLH, the applicant must be a
broad-based non-profit organization, including community and faith-based
organizations, a non-profit organization of farm workers, a Federally recognized
Indian tribe, an agency or political subdivision of a State or local Government,
a public agency (such as a housing authority), or a limited partnership which
has a non-profit entity as its general partner, and (i) Be unable to provide the
necessary housing from its own resources; (ii) Except for State or local public
agencies and Indian tribes, be unable to obtain similar credit elsewhere at
rates that would allow for rents within the payment ability of eligible
residents. (iii) Broad-based non-profit organizations must have a membership
that reflects a variety of interests in the area where the housing will be
located. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching--Section 516 grants for off-farm FLH may
not exceed 90 percent of the TDC as provided in 7 CFR 3560.562(c)(1). 3. Other
Requirements--The following requirements apply to loans and grants made in
response to this Notice: (a) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E, regarding equal
opportunity requirements; (b) For grants only, 2 CFR parts 200 and 400, which
establishes the uniform administrative and audit requirements for grants and
cooperative agreements to State and local Governments and to non-profit
organizations; (c) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart F, regarding historical and
archaeological properties; (d) 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, regarding
environmental assessments; (e) 7 CFR part 3560, subpart L, regarding the loan
and grant authorities of the off-farm FLH program; (f) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart
A, regarding planning and performing construction and other development; (g) 7
CFR part 1924, subpart C, regarding the planning and performing of site
development work; (h) For construction financed with a Section 516 grant, the
provisions of the Davis-Bacon Act (40 U.S.C. 276(a)-276(a)-5) and implementing
regulations published at 29 CFR parts 1, 3, and 5; (i) All other requirements
contained in 7 CFR part 3560, regarding the Sections 514/516 off-farm FLH
programs; and (j) Please note that grant applicants must obtain a Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and maintain
registration in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) prior to submitting a
pre-application pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an entity applicant
must maintain registration in the CCR database at all times during which it has
an active Federal award or an application or plan under construction by the
Agency. Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required
to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation in
accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an
exception under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b). C. Application and
Submission Information 1. Pre-Application Submission The application process
will be in two phases: The initial pre- application (or proposal) and the
submission of a final application. Only those pre-applications or proposals that
are selected for further processing will be invited to submit final
applications. In the event that a proposal is selected for further processing
and the applicant declines, the next highest ranked unfunded pre-application may
be selected for further processing. All pre-applications for Sections 514 and
516 funds must be filed with the appropriate Rural Development State Office and
must meet the requirements of this Notice. Incomplete pre-applications will not
be reviewed and will be returned to the applicant. No pre-application will be
accepted after the deadline unless date and time are extended by another Notice
published in the Federal Register. Pre-applications can be submitted either
electronically using the FLH Pre-Application form found at http:// [[Page 1613]]
www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/farm-labor-housing-direct-loans- grants or in
hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Office where the project will be
located. Follow the link for the RD Office address for requesting and submitting
pre-application at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateofficeAddresses.html.
Applicants are strongly encouraged, but not required, to submit the
pre-application electronically. The electronic form contains a button labeled
``Send Form.'' By clicking on the button, the applicant will see an email
message window with an attachment that includes the electronic form the
applicant filled out as a data file with a .pdf extension. In addition, an
auto-reply acknowledgement will be sent to the applicant when the electronic
Loan Proposal form is received by the Agency unless the sender has software that
will block the receipt of the auto-reply email. The State Office will record
pre-applications received electronically by the actual date and time when all
attachments are received at the State Office. Submission of the electronic
Section 514 Loan Proposal form does not constitute submission of the entire
proposal package which requires additional forms and supporting documentation as
listed within this Notice. You may use one of the following three options for
submitting the entire proposal package comprising of all required forms and
documents. On the Loan Proposal form you can indicate the option you will be
using to submit each required form and document. (a) Electronic Media Option.
Submit all forms and documents as read-only Adobe Acrobat files on electronic
media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each electronic device submitted, the
applicant should include a Table of Contents of all documents and forms on that
device. The electronic media should be submitted to the Rural Development State
Office listed in this Notice where the property is located. Any forms and
documents that are not sent electronically, including the check for credit
reports, must be mailed to the Rural Development State Office. (b) Email Option.
On the Loan Proposal form you will be asked for a submission email address. This
email address will be used to establish a folder on the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) server with your unique email address. Once the Loan Proposal
form is processed, you will receive an additional email notifying you of the
email address that you can use to email your forms and documents. Please Note:
All forms and documents must be emailed from the same submission email address.
This will ensure that all forms and documents that you send will be stored in
the folder assigned to that email address. Any forms and documents that are not
sent in via the email option must be submitted on an electronic media or in hard
copy form to the Rural Development State Office. (c) Hard Copy Submission to the
Rural Development State Office. If you are unable to send the proposal package
electronically using either of the options listed above, you may send a hard
copy of all forms and documents to the Rural Development State Office where the
property is located. Hard copy pre-applications received on or before the
deadline date will receive the close of business time of the day received as the
receipt time. Hard copy pre-applications must be received by the submission
deadline and no later than 5:00 p.m., local time, April 12, 2016. Assistance for
filing electronic and hard copy pre-applications can be obtained from any Rural
Development State Office. For electronic submissions, there is a time delay
between the time it is sent and the time it is received depending on network
traffic. As a result, last-minute submissions sent before the deadline date and
time could well be received after the deadline date and time because of the
increased network traffic. Applicants are reminded that all submissions received
after the deadline date and time will be rejected, regardless of when they were
sent. If a pre-application is accepted for further processing, the applicant
must submit a complete, final application, acceptable to Rural Development prior
to the obligation of Rural Development funds. If the pre-application is not
accepted for further processing the applicant will be notified of appeal rights
under 7 CFR part 11. 2. Pre-Application Requirements (a) The pre-application
must contain the following: (1) A summary page listing the following items. This
information should be double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.
(i) Applicant's name. (ii) Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number. (iii)
Applicant's address. (iv) Applicant's telephone number. (v) Name of applicant's
contact person, telephone number, and address. (vi) Amount of loan and/or grant
requested. (vii) For grants of Federal financial assistance (including loans and
grants, cooperative agreements, etc.), the applicant's Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and registration in the CCR database in
accordance with 2 CFR part 25. As required by the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), all grant applicants must provide a DUNS number when applying for
Federal grants, on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS
number at no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at (866) 705-5711 or
via the Internet at: http://www.dnb.com/. Additional information concerning this
requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at www.grants.gov.
Similarly, applicants may register for the CCR at:
https://www.uscontractorregistration.com/ or by calling (877) 252-2700. (2)
Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained in an
appropriation in FY 2016 that funds FLH. (3) A narrative verifying the
applicant's ability to meet the eligibility requirements stated earlier in this
Notice. If an applicant is selected for further processing, Rural Development
will require additional documentation as set forth in a Conditional Commitment
in order to verify the entity has the legal and financial capability to carry
out the obligation of the loan. (4) Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance,'' can be obtained at: http://www.grants.gov or from any Rural
Development State Office listed in Section VII of this Notice. (5) For loan
pre-applications, current (within 6 months of pre- application date) financial
statements with the following paragraph certified by the applicant's designated
and legally authorized signer: ``I/we certify the above is a true and accurate
reflection of our financial condition as of the date stated herein. This
statement is given for the purpose of inducing the United States of America to
make a loan or to enable the United States of America to make a determination of
continued eligibility of the applicant for a loan as requested in the loan
application of which this statement is a part.'' (6) For loan pre-applications,
a check for $24 from applicants made out to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
This will be used to pay for credit reports obtained by Rural Development. (7)
Evidence that the applicant is unable to obtain credit from other sources.
Letters from credit institutions which normally provide real estate loans in the
area should be obtained and these letters should indicate the rates and terms
upon which a loan might be provided. (Note: Not required from State [[Page
1614]] or local public agencies or Indian tribes.) (8) If a FLH grant is
desired, a statement concerning the need for a FLH grant. The statement should
include preliminary estimates of the rents required with and without a grant.
(9) A statement of the applicant's experience in operating labor housing or
other rental housing. If the applicant's experience is limited, additional
information should be provided to indicate how the applicant plans to compensate
for this limited experience (i.e., obtaining assistance and advice of a
management firm, non-profit group, public agency, or other organization which is
experienced in rental management and will be available on a continuous basis).
(10) A brief statement explaining the applicant's proposed method of operation
and management (i.e., on-site manager, contract for management services, etc.).
As stated earlier in this Notice, the housing must be managed in accordance with
the program's management regulation, 7 CFR part 3560 and tenancy is limited to
``disabled domestic farm laborers,'' ``domestic farm laborers,'' and ``retired
domestic farm laborers,'' as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. (11) Applicants must also
provide: (i) A copy of, or an accurate citation to, the special provisions of
State law under which they are organized, a copy of the applicant's charter,
Articles of Incorporation, and by-laws; (ii) The names, occupations, and
addresses of the applicant's members, directors, and officers; and (iii) If a
member or subsidiary of another organization, the organization's name, address,
and nature of business. (12) A preliminary market survey or market study to
identify the supply and demand for farm labor housing in the market area. The
market area must be clearly identified and may include only the area from which
tenants can reasonably be drawn for the proposed project. Documentation must be
provided to justify a need within the intended market area for the housing of
``domestic farm laborers,'' as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. The documentation must
take into account disabled and retired farm workers. The preliminary survey
should address or include the following items: (i) The annual income level of
farmworker families in the area and the probable income of the farm workers who
will likely occupy the proposed housing; (ii) A realistic estimate of the number
of farm workers who remain in the area where they harvest and the number of farm
workers who normally migrate into the area. Information on migratory workers
should indicate the average number of months the migrants reside in the area and
an indication of what type of family groups are represented by the migrants
(i.e., single individuals as opposed to families); (iii) General information
concerning the type of labor intensive crops grown in the area and prospects for
continued demand for farm laborers; (iv) The overall occupancy rate for
comparable rental units in the area and the rents charged and customary rental
practices for these units (i.e., will they rent to large families, do they
require annual leases, etc.); (v) The number, condition, adequacy, rental rates
and ownership of units currently used or available to farm workers; (vi) A
description of the units proposed, including the number, type, size, rental
rates, amenities such as carpets and drapes, related facilities such as a
laundry room or community room and other facilities providing supportive
services in connection with the housing and the needs of the prospective tenants
such as a health clinic or day care facility, estimated development timeline,
estimated TDC, and applicant contribution; and (vii) The applicant must also
identify all other sources of funds, including the dollar amount, source, and
commitment status. (Note: A Section 516 grant may not exceed 90 percent of the
TDC of the housing.) (13) The applicant must submit a checklist, certification,
and signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer, as applicable, for
any energy programs listed in Section IV the applicant intends to participate
in. (14) The following forms are required: (i) A completed Form RD 1940-20,
``Request for Environmental Information,'' and a description of anticipated
environmental issues or concerns. The form can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1940-20.PDF. (ii)
A prepared HUD Form 935.2A, ``Affirmative Fair Housing Marketing Plan (AFHM)
Multi-Family Housing,'' in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.203(c). The plan will
reflect that occupancy is open to all qualified ``domestic farm laborers,''
regardless of which farming operation they work and that they will not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, disability, marital or
familial status or National origin in regard to the occupancy or use of the
units. The form can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=935-2a.PDF. (iii) A proposed
operating budget utilizing Form RD 3560-7, ``Multiple Family Housing Project
Budget/Utility Allowance,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-7.PDF. (iv)
An estimate of development cost utilizing Form RD 1924-13, ``Estimate and
Certificate of Actual Cost,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1924-13.PDF. (v)
Form RD 3560-30, ``Certification of no Identity of Interest (IOI),'' can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-30.PDF and
Form RD 3560-31, ``Identity of Interest Disclosure/Qualification
Certification,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-31.PDF. (vi)
Form HUD 2530, ``Previous Participation Certification,'' can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=2530.pdf. (vii) If
requesting RA or Operating Assistance, Form RD 3560-25, ``Initial Request for
Rental Assistance or Operating Assistance,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-25.PDF.
(viii) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD400-4.PDF.
Applicants for revitalization, repair, and rehabilitation funding are to apply
through the Multifamily Housing Preservation and Revitalization (MPR)
Demonstration Program. (ix) Evidence of compliance with Executive Order 12372.
The applicant must send a copy of Form SF-424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance'', to the applicant's State clearinghouse for intergovernmental
review. If the applicant is located in a State that does not have a
clearinghouse, the applicant is not required to submit the form. Applications
from Federally recognized Indian tribes are not subject to this requirement.
(15) Evidence of site control, such as an option contract or sales contract. In
addition, a map and description of the proposed site, including the availability
of water, sewer, and utilities and the proximity to community facilities and
services such as shopping, schools, transportation, doctors, dentists, and
hospitals. (16) Preliminary plans and specifications, including plot plans,
building layouts, and type of [[Page 1615]] construction and materials. The
housing must meet Rural Development's design and construction standards
contained in 7 CFR part 1924, subparts A and C and must also meet all applicable
Federal, State, and local accessibility standards. (17) A supportive services
plan, which describes services that will be provided on-site or made available
to tenants through cooperative agreements with service providers in the
community, such as a health clinic or day care facility. Off-site services must
be accessible and affordable to farm workers and their families. Letters of
intent from service providers are acceptable documentation at the
pre-application stage. (18) A sources and uses statement which shows all sources
of funding included in the proposed project. The terms and schedules of all
sources included in the project should be included in the sources and uses
statement. (19) A separate one-page information sheet listing each of the
``Pre-Application Scoring Criteria,'' contained in this Notice, followed by a
reference to the page numbers of all relevant material and documentation that is
contained in the proposal that supports the criteria. (20) Applicants are
encouraged, but not required, to include a checklist of all of the
pre-application requirements and to have their pre-application indexed and
tabbed to facilitate the review process; (21) Evidence of compliance with the
requirements of the applicable State Housing Preservation Office (SHPO), and/or
Tribal Historic Preservation Officer (THPO). A letter from the SHPO and/or THPO
where the off-farm labor housing project is located, signed by their designee
will serve as evidence of compliance. D. Pre-Application Review Information 1.
Selection Criteria. Section 514 FLH loan funds and Section 516 FLH grant funds
will be distributed to States based on a national competition, as follows: (a)
Rural Development State Office will accept, review, and score pre-applications
in accordance with this Notice. The scoring factors are: (1) The presence of
construction cost savings, including donated land and construction leverage
assistance, for the units that will serve program-eligible tenants. The savings
will be calculated as a percentage of the Rural Development TDC. The percentage
calculation excludes any costs prohibited by Rural Development as loan expenses,
such as a developer's fee. Construction cost savings includes, but is not
limited to, funds for hard construction costs, and State or Federal funds which
are applicable to construction costs. A minimum of 10 percent cost savings is
required to earn points; however, if the total percentage of cost savings is
less than 10 percent and the proposal includes donated land, two points will be
awarded for the donated land. To count as cost savings for purposes of the
selection criteria, the applicant must submit written evidence from the
third-party funder that an application for those funds has been submitted and
accepted points will be awarded in accordance with the following table using
rounding to the nearest whole number.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Percentage Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 75 or
more.............................................. 20
60-74................................................... 18
50-59................................................... 16
40-49................................................... 12
30-39................................................... 10
20-29................................................... 8
10-19................................................... 5
0-9..................................................... 0
------------------------------------------------------------------------ (2) The
presence of operational cost savings, such as tax abatements, non-Rural
Development tenant subsidies or donated services are calculated on a per-unit
cost savings for the sum of the savings. Savings must be available for at least
5 years and documentation must be provided with the application demonstrating
the availability of savings for 5 years. To calculate the savings, take the
total amount of savings and divide it by the number of units in the project that
will benefit from the savings to obtain the per unit cost savings. For non-
Rural Development tenant subsidy, if the value changes during the 5 year
calculation, the applicant must use the lower of the non-Rural Development
tenant subsidy to calculate per unit cost savings. For example, a 10-unit
property with 100 percent designated farm labor housing units receiving $20,000
per year non-Rural Development subsidy yields a cost savings of $100,000
($20,000 x 5 years); resulting to a $10,000 per-unit cost savings ($100,000/10
units). Use the following table to apply points:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Per-unit cost savings Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------ Above
$15,000........................................... 50
$10,001-$15,000......................................... 35
$7,501-$10,000.......................................... 20
$5,001-$7,500........................................... 15
$3,501-$5,000........................................... 10
$2,001-$3,500........................................... 5
$1,000-$2,000........................................... 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------ (3)
Percent of units for seasonal, temporary, migrant housing. (10 points for up to
and including 50 percent of the units; 20 points for 51 percent or more units
used for seasonal, temporary, or migrant housing.) (4) Additional 10 points will
be awarded to projects in persistent poverty counties. A county is considered
persistently poor if 20 percent or more of its population was living in poverty
over the last 30 years (measured by the 1980, 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses
and 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-year estimates). (5) Presence of
tenant services. (i) Up to 25 points will be awarded based on the presence of
and extent to which a tenant services plan exists that clearly outlines services
that will be provided to the residents of the proposed project. These services
may include, but are not limited to, transportation related services, on-site
English as a Second Language (ESL) classes, move-in funds, emergency assistance
funds, homeownership counseling, food pantries, after school tutoring, and
computer learning centers. (ii) Two points will be awarded for each resident
service included in the tenant services plan up to a maximum of 10 points. Plans
must detail how the services are to be administered, who will administer them,
and where they will be administered. All tenant service plans must include
letters of intent that clearly state the service that will be provided at the
project for the benefit of the residents from any party administering each
service, including the applicant. (6) Energy Initiative Scoring Points (maximum
70 points) Properties may receive points for energy initiatives in the
categories of energy conservation, energy generation, water conservation and
green property management. Depending on the scope of work (SOW), properties may
earn ``energy initiative'' points (up to a maximum of 70 points) in either one
of two categories: 1) New Construction or 2) Purchase and Rehabilitation of an
Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building. Projects will be eligible for one
category of the two, but not both. Energy programs including LEED for Homes,
Green Communities, etc., will each have an initial checklist indicating
prerequisites for participation in its energy program. The applicable energy
program checklist will establish whether prerequisites for the energy program's
participation will be met. All checklists must be accompanied by a signed
affidavit by the project architect or engineer stating that the goals are
achievable and the project has been enrolled in these programs if enrollment
[[Page 1616]] is applicable to that program. In addition, projects that apply
for points under the energy generation category must include calculations of
savings of energy. Compare property energy usage of three scenarios: (1)
Property built to required code of State with no renewables, to (2) property
as-designed with commitments to stated energy conservation programs without the
use of renewables and (3) property as-designed with commitments to stated energy
conservation programs and the use of proposed renewables. Use local average
metrics for weather and utility costs and detail savings in kWh and dollars.
Provide payback calculations. These calculations must be done by a licensed
engineer or credentialed renewable energy provider. Include with application,
the provider/engineer's credentials including qualifications, recommendations,
and proof of previous work. The checklist, affidavit, calculations and
qualifications of engineer/energy provider must be submitted together with the
loan application. Enrollment in EPA Portfolio Manager Program. All projects
awarded scoring points for energy initiatives must enroll the project in the EPA
Portfolio Manager program to track post-construction energy consumption data.
More information about this program may be found at:
http://www.energystar.gov/buildings/facility-owners-and-managers/existing-buildi
ngs/use-portfolio-manager. (i) Energy Conservation for New Construction or
Purchase and Rehabilitation of an Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building
(maximum 55 points). Projects may be eligible for up to 55 points when the pre-
application includes a written certification by the applicant to participate and
achieve certification in the following energy efficiency programs. The points
will be allocated as follows:  Participation in the EPA's Energy Star for Homes
V3

 program. (20 points)
http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=bldrs_lenders_raters.pt_bldr.

 OR

      Participation in the Green Communities program by the

 Enterprise Community Partners. (30 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities.

 OR

      Participation in one of the following two programs will be

 awarded points for certification.

     Note: Each program has four levels of certification. State the

 level of certification that the applicant plans will achieve in their

 certification:

      LEED for Homes program by the United States Green Building

 Council (USGBC): http://www.usgbc.org.



 --Certified Level (30 points), OR

 --Silver Level (35 points), OR

 --Gold Level (40 points), OR

 --Platinum Level (45 points)



     Applicant must state the level of certification that the

 applicant's plans will achieve in their certification in its pre-

 application.

 OR

      Home Innovation's and The National Association of Home

 Builders (NAHB) ICC 700 National Green Building Standard TM:
http://www.nahb.org/.



 --Green-Bronze Level (30 points), OR

 --Silver Level (35 points), OR

 --Gold Level (40 points), OR

 --Emerald Level (45 points).



     Applicant must state the level of certification that the

 applicant's plans will achieve in their certification in its pre-

 application.



 AND



      Participation in the Department of Energy's Zero Energy

 Ready program. (8 points)
http://www.energy.gov/eere/buildings/zero-energy-ready-home.



 AND



      Participation in local green/energy efficient building

 standards. Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality

 program, will receive an additional 2 points.

     (ii) Energy Conservation for Rehabilitation (maximum 55 points).

 Pre-applications for the purchase and rehabilitation of non-program MFH

 and related facilities in rural areas may be eligible to receive 55

 points when the pre-application includes a written certification by the

 applicant to participate in one of the following energy efficiency

 programs. Again, the certification must be accompanied by a signed

 affidavit by the project architect or engineer stating that the goals

 are achievable. Points will be award as follows:

      Participation in the Green Communities program by the

 Enterprise Community Partners (53 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities. At least 30 percent of the points needed to qualify for

 the Green Communities program must be earned under the Energy

 Efficiency section of Green Communities.



 AND



      Participation in local green/energy efficient building

 standards. Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality

 program, will receive an additional 2 points. The applicant should be

 aware of and look for additional requirements that are sometimes

 embedded in the third-party program's rating and verification systems.

 (2 points)

     (iii) Energy Generation (maximum 7 points). Pre-applications for

 new construction or purchase and rehabilitation of non-program multi-

 family projects which participate in the above mentioned programs and

 receive at least 20 points in the point allocations above are eligible

 to earn additional points for installation of on-site renewable energy

 sources. Energy analysis of preliminary building plans using industry-

 recognized simulation software must document the projected total energy

 consumption of all of the building components and building site usage.

 Projects with an energy analysis of the preliminary or rehabilitation

 building plans that propose a 10 percent to 100 percent energy

 generation commitment (where generation is considered to be the total

 amount of energy needed to be generated on-site to make the building a

 net-zero consumer of energy) will be awarded points as follows:

      0 to 9 percent commitment to energy generation receives 0

 points

      10 to 20 percent commitment to energy generation receives

 1 point

      21 to 40 percent commitment to energy generation receives

 2 points

      41 to 60 percent commitment to energy generation receives

 3 points

      61 to 80 percent commitment to energy generation receives

 4 points

      81-100 percent or more commitment to energy generation

 receives 5 points

     Projects may participate in Power Purchase Agreements or Solar

 Leases to achieve their on-site renewable energy generation goals

 provided that the financial obligations of the lease/purchase

 agreements are clearly documented and included in the application, and

 qualifying ratios continue to be achieved.

     An additional (2) points will be awarded for off-grid systems, or

 elements of systems, provided that at least 5 percent of on-site

 renewable system is off-grid. See www.dsireusa.org for State and local

 specific incentives and regulations of energy initiatives.

     (iv) Water Conservation in Irrigation Measures (maximum 3 points).

 Projects may be awarded 3 points for the use of an engineered recycled

 water (gray water or storm water) for landscape irrigation covering 50

 percent or more of the property's site landscaping needs.



 [[Page 1617]]



     (v) Property Management Credentials (maximum 5 points). Projects

 may be awarded an additional 5 points if the designated property

 management company or individuals that will assume maintenance and

 operations responsibilities upon completion of construction work have a

 Credential for Green Property Management. Credentialing can be obtained

 from the National Apartment Association (NAA), National Affordable

 Housing Management Association, the Institute for Real Estate

 Management, U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and

 Environmental Design for Operations and Maintenance (LEED OM), or

 another source with a certifiable credentialing program. Credentialing

 must be illustrated in the resume(s) of the property management team

 and included with the pre-application.

     The National Office will rank all pre-applications nationwide and

 distribute funds to States in rank order, within funding and RA limits.

 When proposals have an equal score, preference will be given first to

 Indian tribes as defined in Sec.  3560.11 and then local non-profit

 organizations or public bodies whose principal purposes include low-

 income housing that meet the conditions of Sec.  3560.55(c) and the

 following conditions:

      Is exempt from Federal income taxes under section

 501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue code;

      Is not wholly or partially owned or controlled by a for-

 profit or limited-profit type entity;

      Whose members, or the entity, do not share an identity of

 interest with a for-profit or limited-profit type entity;

      Is not co-venturing with another entity; and

      The entity or its members will not be receiving any direct

 or indirect benefits pursuant to Low Income Housing Tax Credits.

     If there are two or more applications that have the same score and

 both cannot be funded, a lottery in accordance with 7 CFR 3560.56(c)(2)

 will be used to break the tie. If insufficient funds or RA remain for

 the next ranked proposal, that applicant will be given a chance to

 modify their pre-application to bring it within remaining funding

 levels. This will be repeated for each next ranked eligible proposal

 until an award can be made or the list is exhausted.

     Rural Development will notify all applicants whether their

 applications have been accepted or rejected and provide appeal rights

 under 7 CFR part 11, as appropriate.



 E. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     Loan applicants must submit their initial applications by the due

 date specified in this Notice. Once the applications have been scored

 and ranked by the National Office, the National Office will advise

 State Offices of the proposals selected for further processing, State

 Offices will respond to applicants by letter.

     If the application is not accepted for further processing, the

 applicant will be notified of appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11.

 2. Administrative and National Policy

     All Farm Labor Housing loans and grants are subject to the

 restrictive-use provisions contained in 7 CFR 3560.72(a) (2).

 3. Reporting

     Borrowers must maintain separate financial records for the

 operation and maintenance of the project and for tenant services.

 Tenant services will not be funded by Rural Development. Funds

 allocated to the operation and maintenance of the project may not be

 used to supplement the cost of tenant services, nor may tenant service

 funds be used to supplement the project operation and maintenance.

 Detailed financial reports regarding tenant services will not be

 required unless specifically requested by Rural Development, and then

 only to the extent necessary for Rural Development and the borrower to

 discuss the affordability (and competitiveness) of the service provided

 to the tenant. The project audit, or verification of accounts on Form

 RD 3560-10, ``Borrower Balance Sheet,'' together with an accompanying

 Form RD 3560-7, ``Multiple Family Housing Project Budget Utility

 Allowance,'' must allocate revenue and expense between project

 operations and the service component.



 F. Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Requirements



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program. Political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARTET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, and at any USDA office

 or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of

 the information requested in the form. To request a copy of a complaint

 form, call, (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to

 USDA by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email at: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

     Exceptions to Including the Full USDA Non-Discrimination Statement.

     If the size of the material to too small to include the full

 statement, the material will at a minimum, include the following

 statement in print in the same size as the text:

     ``USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.''

 Where appropriate, a recipient may state:

     ``This institution in an equal opportunity provider.''



      Dated: January 4, 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.

 [FR Doc. 2016-00483 Filed 1-12-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                5 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for Section 514
Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm
Housing for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015

LENGTH: 8021  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service


Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for Section 514
Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for
Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Housing Service (RHS) announces the timeframe to
submit pre-applications for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing (FLH) loans
and Section 516 FLH grants for the construction of new off-farm FLH
units and related facilities for domestic farm laborers and for the
purchase and substantial rehabilitation of an existing non-FLH
property. The intended purpose of these loans and grants is to increase
the number of available housing units for domestic farm laborers. This
Notice describes the method used to distribute funds, the application
process, and submission requirements.
    RHS will publish on its Web site, http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants, the amount of funding
available in FY 2015 based on current appropriations.
    Of particular note this year, the Agency will assign additional
points to pre-applications for projects based in or serving census
tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent over the
last 30 years. This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission
of improving the quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to
directing resources to those who most need them.

DATES: The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this
Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time to the appropriate Rural Development
State Office on June 23, 2015. Rural Development will not consider any
application that is received after the deadline unless the date and
time is extended by another Notice published in the Federal Register.
Applicants intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time
to permit delivery on or before the deadline. Acceptance by a post
office or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX)
and postage due applications will not be accepted.

ADDRESSES: Applicants wishing to submit an application in response to
this Notice must contact the Rural Development State Office serving the
State of the proposed off-FLH project in order to receive further
information and copies of the application package. You may find the
addresses and contact information for each State Office following this
web link, http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural
Development will date and time stamp incoming applications to evidence
timely receipt and, upon request, will provide the applicant with a
written acknowledgment of receipt.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan
Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division,
STOP 0781 (Room 1263-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone: (202) 720-1753 (this
is not a toll free number.), or via email:
mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.
    Funding Opportunity Title: NOSA for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing
Loans and Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing
for Fiscal Year 2015.
    Announcement Type: Solicitation of pre-applications from qualified
applicants for FY 2015.

[[Page 15744]]

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA): 10.405 and
10.427.
    Due Date for Applications: June 23, 2015.

A. Federal Award Description

Pre-applications will only be accepted through the date and time
listed in this Notice. All awards are subject to availability of
funding. Individual requests may not exceed $3 million (total loan and
grant).
    No State may receive more than 30 percent of available FLH funding
available in FY 2015. If there are insufficient applications from
around the country to exhaust Sections 514/516 funds available, the
Agency may then exceed the 30 percent cap per State. Section 516 off-
farm FLH grants may not exceed 90 percent of the total development cost
(TDC) of the housing as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.
    If leveraged funds are going to be used and are in the form of tax
credits, the applicant must include in its pre-application written
evidence that a tax credit application has been submitted and accepted
by the Housing Finance Agency (HFA). All applications that will receive
any leveraged funds must have firm commitments in place within 12
months of the issuance of a ``Notice of Pre-application Review
Action,'' Handbook Letter 103 (3560). Applicants without written
evidence that a tax credit application has been submitted and accepted
by the HFA must certify in writing they will apply for tax credits to
the HFA and obtain a firm commitment within 12 months of the issuance
of a ``Notice of Pre-application Review Action.''
    Rental Assistance (RA) and operating assistance will be available
for new construction in FY 2015. Operating assistance is explained at 7
CFR 3560.574 and may be used in lieu of tenant-specific RA in off-FLH
projects that serve migrant farm workers as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11,
that are financed under Section 514 or Section 516 (h) of the Housing
Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1486(h) respectively), and
otherwise meet the requirements of 7 CFR 3560.574.

B. Eligibility Information

1. Eligibility

Housing Eligibility--Housing that is constructed with FLH loans
and/or grants must meet Rural Development's design and construction
standards contained in 7 CFR part 1924, subparts A and C. Once
constructed, off-farm FLH must be managed in accordance with 7 CFR part
3560. In addition, off-farm FLH must be operated on a non-profit basis
and tenancy must be open to all qualified domestic farm laborers,
regardless at which farm they work. Section 514(f) (3) of the Housing
Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484(f) (3)) defines domestic farm
laborers to include any person regardless of the person's source of
employment, who receives a substantial portion of his or her income
from the primary production of agricultural or aqua cultural
commodities in the unprocessed or processed stage, and also includes
the person's family.
    Tenant Eligibility--Tenant eligibility is limited to persons who
meet the definition of a ``disabled domestic farm laborer,'' or a
``domestic farm laborer,'' or ``retired domestic farm laborer,'' as
defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. Farm workers who are admitted to this country
on a temporary basis under the Temporary Agricultural Workers (H-2A
Visa) program are not eligible to occupy Sections 514/516 off-farm FLH.
    Applicant Eligibility--
    (a) To be eligible to receive a Section 516 grant for off-farm FLH,
the applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including
community and faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of
farm workers, a Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or
political subdivision of a State or local Government, or a public
agency (such as a housing authority). The applicant must be able to
contribute at least one-tenth of the TDC from non-Rural Development
resources which can include leveraged funds.
    (b) To be eligible to receive a Section 514 loan for off-farm FLH,
the applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including
community and faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of
farm workers, a Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or
political subdivision of a State or local Government, a public agency
(such as a housing authority), or a limited partnership which has a
non-profit entity as its general partner, and
    (i) Be unable to provide the necessary housing from its own
resources;
    (ii) Except for State or local public agencies and Indian tribes,
be unable to obtain similar credit elsewhere at rates that would allow
for rents within the payment ability of eligible residents.
    (iii) Broad-based non-profit organizations must have a membership
that reflects a variety of interests in the area where the housing will
be located.
    2. Cost Sharing or Matching--Section 516 grants for off-farm FLH
may not exceed 90 percent of the TDC as provided in 7 CFR
3560.562(c)(1).
    3. Other Requirements--The following requirements apply to loans
and grants made in response to this Notice:
    (a) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E, regarding equal opportunity
requirements;
    (b) For grants only, 2 CFR parts 200 and 400, which establishes the
uniform administrative and audit requirements for grants and
cooperative agreements to State and local Governments and to non-profit
organizations;
    (c) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart F, regarding historical and
archaeological properties;
    (d) 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, regarding environmental
assessments;
    (e) 7 CFR part 3560, subpart L, regarding the loan and grant
authorities of the off-farm FLH program;
    (f) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, regarding planning and performing
construction and other development;
    (g) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart C, regarding the planning and
performing of site development work;
    (h) For construction financed with a Section 516 grant, the
provisions of the Davis-Bacon Act (40 U.S.C. 276(a)-276(a)-5) and
implementing regulations published at 29 CFR parts 1, 3, and 5;
    (i) All other requirements contained in 7 CFR part 3560, regarding
the Sections 514/516 off-farm FLH programs; and
    (j) Please note that grant applicants must obtain a Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and maintain
registration in the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) prior to
submitting a pre-application pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition,
an entity applicant must maintain registration in the CCR database at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application
or plan under construction by the Agency. Similarly, all recipients of
Federal financial assistance are required to report information about
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation in accordance with 2
CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an exception
under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary processes
and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should
the applicant receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

C. Application and Submission Information

1. Pre-Application Submission

The application process will be in two phases: The initial pre-
application (or proposal) and the submission of a final application.
Only those pre-applications

[[Page 15745]]

or proposals that are selected for further processing will be invited
to submit final applications. In the event that a proposal is selected
for further processing and the applicant declines, the next highest
ranked unfunded pre-application may be selected for further processing.
All pre-applications for Sections 514 and 516 funds must be filed with
the appropriate Rural Development State Office and must meet the
requirements of this Notice. Incomplete pre-applications will not be
reviewed and will be returned to the applicant. No pre-application will
be accepted after the deadline unless date and time are extended by
another Notice published in the Federal Register.
    Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the
FLH Pre-application form found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants or in hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development Office where the project will be located.
Follow the link for the RD Office address for requesting and submitting
pre-application at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateofficeAddresses.html.
Applicants are strongly encouraged, but not
required, to submit the pre-application electronically. The electronic
form contains a button labeled ``Send Form.'' By clicking on the
button, the applicant will see an email message window with an
attachment that includes the electronic form the applicant filled out
as a data file with an .fdf extension. In addition, an auto-reply
acknowledgement will be sent to the applicant when the electronic Loan
Proposal form is received by the Agency unless the sender has software
that will block the receipt of the auto-reply email. The State Office
will record pre-applications received electronically by the actual date
and time when all attachments are received at the State Office.
    Submission of the electronic Section 514 Loan Proposal form does
not constitute submission of the entire proposal package which requires
additional forms and supporting documentation as listed within this
Notice. You may use one of the following three options for submitting
the entire proposal package comprising of all required forms and
documents. On the Loan Proposal form you can indicate the option you
will be using to submit each required form and document.
    (a) Electronic Media Option. Submit all forms and documents as
read-only Adobe Acrobat files on electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or
USB drives. For each electronic device submitted, the applicant should
include a Table of Contents of all documents and forms on that device.
The electronic media should be submitted to the Rural Development State
Office listed in this Notice where the property is located. Any forms
and documents that are not sent electronically, including the check for
credit reports, must be mailed to the Rural Development State Office.
    (b) Email Option. On the Loan Proposal form you will be asked for a
submission email address. This email address will be used to establish
a folder on the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) server with your
unique email address. Once the Loan Proposal form is processed, you
will receive an additional email notifying you of the email address
that you can use to email your forms and documents. Please Note: All
forms and documents must be emailed from the same submission email
address. This will ensure that all forms and documents that you send
will be stored in the folder assigned to that email address. Any forms
and documents that are not sent in via the email option must be
submitted on an electronic media or in hard copy form to the Rural
Development State Office.
    (c) Hard Copy Submission to the Rural Development State Office. If
you are unable to send the proposal package electronically using either
of the options listed above, you may send a hard copy of all forms and
documents to the Rural Development State Office where the property is
located. Hard copy pre-applications received on or before the deadline
date will receive the close of business time of the day received as the
receipt time. Hard copy pre-applications must be received by the
submission deadline and no later than 5:00 p.m., local time, June 23,
2015. Assistance for filing electronic and hard copy pre-applications
can be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
    For electronic submissions, there is a time delay between the time
it is sent and the time it is received depending on network traffic. As
a result, last-minute submissions sent before the deadline date and
time could well be received after the deadline date and time because of
the increased network traffic. Applicants are reminded that all
submissions received after the deadline date and time will be rejected,
regardless of when they were sent.
    If a pre-application is accepted for further processing, the
applicant must submit a complete, final application, acceptable to
Rural Development prior to the obligation of Rural Development funds.
If the pre-application is not accepted for further processing the
applicant will be notified of appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11.

2. Pre-Application Requirements

(a) The pre-application must contain the following:
    (1) A summary page listing the following items. This information
should be double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.
    (i) Applicant's name.
    (ii) Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number.
    (iii) Applicant's address.
    (iv) Applicant's telephone number.
    (v) Name of applicant's contact person, telephone number, and
address.
    (vi) Amount of loan and/or grant requested.
    (vii) For grants of Federal financial assistance (including loans
and grants, cooperative agreements, etc.), the applicant's Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and
registration in the CCR database in accordance with 2 CFR part 25. As
required by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), all grant
applicants must provide a DUNS number when applying for Federal grants,
on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS number at
no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at (866) 705-5711 or
via the internet at: http://www.dnb.com/. Additional information
concerning this requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site
at www.grants.gov. Similarly, applicants may register for the CCR at:
https://www.uscontractorregistration.com/ or by calling (877) 252-2700.
    (2) Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions
contained in an appropriation in FY 2014 that funds FLH.
    (3) A narrative verifying the applicant's ability to meet the
eligibility requirements stated earlier in this Notice. If an applicant
is selected for further processing, Rural Development will require
additional documentation as set forth in a Conditional Commitment in
order to verify the entity has the legal and financial capability to
carry out the obligation of the loan.
    (4) Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance,'' can
be obtained at: http://www.grants.gov or from any Rural Development
State Office listed in Section VII of this Notice.
    (5) For loan pre-applications, current (within 6 months of pre-
application date) financial statements with the following paragraph
certified by the applicant's designated and legally authorized signer:
    ``I/we certify the above is a true and accurate reflection of our
financial condition as of the date stated herein.

[[Page 15746]]

This statement is given for the purpose of inducing the United States
of America to make a loan or to enable the United States of America to
make a determination of continued eligibility of the applicant for a
loan as requested in the loan application of which this statement is a
part.''
    (6) For loan pre-applications, a check for $24 from applicants made
out to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. This will be used to pay for
credit reports obtained by Rural Development.
    (7) Evidence that the applicant is unable to obtain credit from
other sources. Letters from credit institutions which normally provide
real estate loans in the area should be obtained and these letters
should indicate the rates and terms upon which a loan might be
provided. (Note: Not required from State or local public agencies or
Indian tribes.)
    (8) If a FLH grant is desired, a statement concerning the need for
a FLH grant. The statement should include preliminary estimates of the
rents required with and without a grant.
    (9) A statement of the applicant's experience in operating labor
housing or other rental housing. If the applicant's experience is
limited, additional information should be provided to indicate how the
applicant plans to compensate for this limited experience (i.e.,
obtaining assistance and advice of a management firm, non-profit group,
public agency, or other organization which is experienced in rental
management and will be available on a continuous basis).
    (10) A brief statement explaining the applicant's proposed method
of operation and management (i.e., on-site manager, contract for
management services, etc.). As stated earlier in this Notice, the
housing must be managed in accordance with the program's management
regulation, 7 CFR part 3560 and tenancy is limited to ``disabled
domestic farm laborers,'' ``domestic farm laborers,'' and ``retired
domestic farm laborers,'' as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.
    (11) Applicants must also provide:
    (i) A copy of, or an accurate citation to, the special provisions
of State law under which they are organized, a copy of the applicant's
charter, Articles of Incorporation, and by-laws;
    (ii) The names, occupations, and addresses of the applicant's
members, directors, and officers; and
    (iii) If a member or subsidiary of another organization, the
organization's name, address, and nature of business.
    (12) A preliminary market survey or market study to identify the
supply and demand for farm labor housing in the market area. The market
area must be clearly identified and may include only the area from
which tenants can reasonably be drawn for the proposed project.
Documentation must be provided to justify a need within the intended
market area for the housing of ``domestic farm laborers,'' as defined
in 7 CFR 3560.11. The documentation must take into account disabled and
retired farm workers. The preliminary survey should address or include
the following items:
    (i) The annual income level of farmworker families in the area and
the probable income of the farm workers who will likely occupy the
proposed housing;
    (ii) A realistic estimate of the number of farm workers who remain
in the area where they harvest and the number of farm workers who
normally migrate into the area. Information on migratory workers should
indicate the average number of months the migrants reside in the area
and an indication of what type of family groups are represented by the
migrants (i.e., single individuals as opposed to families);
    (iii) General information concerning the type of labor intensive
crops grown in the area and prospects for continued demand for farm
laborers;
    (iv) The overall occupancy rate for comparable rental units in the
area and the rents charged and customary rental practices for these
units (i.e., will they rent to large families, do they require annual
leases, etc.);
    (v) The number, condition, adequacy, rental rates and ownership of
units currently used or available to farm workers;
    (vi) A description of the units proposed, including the number,
type, size, rental rates, amenities such as carpets and drapes, related
facilities such as a laundry room or community room and other
facilities providing supportive services in connection with the housing
and the needs of the prospective tenants such as a health clinic or day
care facility, estimated development timeline, estimated TDC, and
applicant contribution; and
    (vii) The applicant must also identify all other sources of funds,
including the dollar amount, source, and commitment status. (Note: A
Section 516 grant may not exceed 90 percent of the TDC of the housing.)
    (13) The applicant must submit a checklist, certification, and
signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer, as applicable,
for any energy programs listed in Section IV the applicant intends to
participate in.
    (14) The following forms are required:
    (i) A completed Form RD 1940-20, ``Request for Environmental
Information,'' and a description of anticipated environmental issues or
concerns. The form can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1940-20.PDF.
    (ii) A prepared HUD Form 935.2A, ``Affirmative Fair Housing
Marketing Plan (AFHM) Multi-Family Housing,'' in accordance with 7 CFR
1901.203(c). The plan will reflect that occupancy is open to all
qualified ``domestic farm laborers,'' regardless of which farming
operation they work and that they will not discriminate on the basis of
race, color, sex, age, disability, marital or familial status or
National origin in regard to the occupancy or use of the units. The
form can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=935-2a.PDF.
    (iii) A proposed operating budget utilizing Form RD 3560-7,
``Multiple Family Housing Project Budget/Utility Allowance,'' can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-7.PDF.
    (iv) An estimate of development cost utilizing Form RD 1924-13,
``Estimate and Certificate of Actual Cost,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1924-13.PDF.
    (v) Form RD 3560-30, ``Certification of no Identity of Interest
(IOI),'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-30.PDF and
Form RD 3560-31, ``Identity of
Interest Disclosure/Qualification Certification,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-31.PDF.
    (vi) Form HUD 2530, ``Previous Participation Certification,'' can
be found at: http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=2530.pdf.
    (vii) If requesting RA or Operating Assistance, Form RD 3560-25,
``Initial Request for Rental Assistance or Operating Assistance,'' can
be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-25.PDF.
    (viii) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement,'' can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD400-4.PDF.
Applicants for revitalization, repair, and rehabilitation
funding are to apply through the Multifamily Housing Preservation and
Revitalization (MPR) Demonstration Program.
    (ix) Evidence of compliance with Executive Order 12372. The
applicant must send a copy of Form SF-424,

[[Page 15747]]

``Application for Federal Assistance'', to the applicant's State
clearinghouse for intergovernmental review. If the applicant is located
in a State that does not have a clearinghouse, the applicant is not
required to submit the form. Applications from Federally recognized
Indian tribes are not subject to this requirement.
    (15) Evidence of site control, such as an option contract or sales
contract. In addition, a map and description of the proposed site,
including the availability of water, sewer, and utilities and the
proximity to community facilities and services such as shopping,
schools, transportation, doctors, dentists, and hospitals.
    (16) Preliminary plans and specifications, including plot plans,
building layouts, and type of construction and materials. The housing
must meet Rural Development's design and construction standards
contained in 7 CFR part 1924, subparts A and C and must also meet all
applicable Federal, State, and local accessibility standards.
    (17) A supportive services plan, which describes services that will
be provided on-site or made available to tenants through cooperative
agreements with service providers in the community, such as a health
clinic or day care facility. Off-site services must be accessible and
affordable to farm workers and their families. Letters of intent from
service providers are acceptable documentation at the pre-application
stage.
    (18) A sources and uses statement which shows all sources of
funding included in the proposed project. The terms and schedules of
all sources included in the project should be included in the sources
and uses statement.
    (19) A separate one-page information sheet listing each of the
``Pre-Application Scoring Criteria,'' contained in this Notice,
followed by a reference to the page numbers of all relevant material
and documentation that is contained in the proposal that supports the
criteria.
    (20) Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to include a
checklist of all of the pre-application requirements and to have their
pre-application indexed and tabbed to facilitate the review process;
    (21) Evidence of compliance with the requirements of the applicable
State Housing Preservation Office (SHPO), and/or Tribal Historic
Preservation Officer (THPO). A letter from the SHPO and/or THPO where
the off-farm labor housing project is located, signed by their designee
will serve as evidence of compliance.

D. Pre-Application Review Information

1. Selection Criteria. Section 514 FLH loan funds and Section 516
FLH grant funds will be distributed to States based on a national
competition, as follows:
    (a) Rural Development State Office will accept, review, and score
pre-applications in accordance with this Notice. The scoring factors
are:
    (1) The presence of construction cost savings, including donated
land and construction leverage assistance, for the units that will
serve program-eligible tenants. The savings will be calculated as a
percentage of the Rural Development TDC. The percentage calculation
excludes any costs prohibited by Rural Development as loan expenses,
such as a developer's fee. Construction cost savings includes, but is
not limited to, funds for hard construction costs, and State or Federal
funds which are applicable to construction costs. A minimum of 10
percent cost savings is required to earn points; however, if the total
percentage of cost savings is less than 10 percent and the proposal
includes donated land, two points will be awarded for the donated land.
To count as cost savings for purposes of the selection criteria, the
applicant must submit written evidence from the third-party funder that
an application for those funds has been submitted and accepted points
will be awarded in accordance with the following table using rounding
to the nearest whole number.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         Percentage                             Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------
75 or more.................................................           20
60-74......................................................           18
50-59......................................................           16
40-49......................................................           12
30-39......................................................           10
20-29......................................................            8
10-19......................................................            5
0-9........................................................            0
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(2) The presence of operational cost savings, such as tax
abatements, non-Rural Development tenant subsidies or donated services
are calculated on a per-unit cost savings for the sum of the savings.
Savings must be available for at least 5 years and documentation must
be provided with the application demonstrating the availability of
savings for 5 years. To calculate the savings, take the total amount of
savings and divide it by the number of units in the project that will
benefit from the savings to obtain the per unit cost savings. For non-
Rural Development tenant subsidy, if the value changes during the 5
year calculation, the applicant must use the lower of the non-Rural
Development tenant subsidy to calculate per unit cost savings. For
example, a 10-unit property with 100 percent designated farm labor
housing units receiving $20,000 per year non-Rural Development subsidy
yields a cost savings of $100,000 ($20,000 x 5 years); resulting to a
$10,000 per-unit cost savings ($100,000/10 units).
    Use the following table to apply points:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
                   Per-unit cost savings                        Points
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Above $15,000..............................................           50
$10,001-$15,000............................................           35
$7,501-$10,000.............................................           20
$5,001-$7,500..............................................           15
$3,501-$5,000..............................................           10
$2,001-$3,500..............................................            5
$1,000-$2,000..............................................            2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(3) Percent of units for seasonal, temporary, migrant housing. (10
points for up to and including 50 percent of the units; 20 points for
51 percent or more units used for seasonal, temporary, or migrant
housing.)
    (4) Additional 10 points will be awarded to projects in persistent
poverty counties. A county is considered persistently poor if 20
percent or more of its population was living in poverty over the last
30 years (measured by the 1980, 1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and
2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-year estimates).
    (5) Presence of tenant services.
    (i) Up to 25 points will be awarded based on the presence of and
extent to which a tenant services plan exists that clearly outlines
services that will be provided to the residents of the proposed
project. These services may include, but are not limited to,
transportation related services, on-site English as a Second Language
(ESL) classes, move-in funds, emergency assistance funds, homeownership
counseling, food pantries, after school tutoring, and computer learning
centers.
    (ii) Two points will be awarded for each resident service included
in the tenant services plan up to a maximum of 10 points. Plans must
detail how the services are to be administered, who will administer
them, and where they will be administered. All tenant service plans
must include letters of intent that clearly state the service that will
be provided at the project for the benefit of the residents from any
party administering each service, including the applicant.
    (6) Energy Initiative Scoring Points (maximum 70 points).

Properties may receive points for energy initiatives in the categories
of energy conservation, energy generation, water conservation and green
property

[[Page 15748]]

management. Depending on the scope of work (SOW), properties may earn
``energy initiative'' points (up to a maximum of 70 points) in either
one of two categories: (1) New Construction or (2) Purchase and
Rehabilitation of an Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building. Projects
will be eligible for one category of the two, but not both.
    Energy programs including LEED for Homes, Green Communities, etc.,
will each have an initial checklist indicating prerequisites for
participation in its energy program. The applicable energy program
checklist will establish whether prerequisites for the energy program's
participation will be met. All checklists must be accompanied by a
signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer stating that the
goals are achievable. In addition, projects that apply for points under
the energy generation category must include calculations of savings of
energy. Compare property energy usage of three scenarios: (1) Property
built to required code of State with no renewables, to (2) property as-
designed with commitments to stated energy conservation programs
without the use of renewables and (3) property as-designed with
commitments to stated energy conservation programs and the use of
proposed renewables. Use local average metrics for weather and utility
costs and detail savings in kWh and dollars. Provide payback
calculations. These calculations must be done by a licensed engineer or
credentialed renewable energy provider. Include with application, the
provider/engineer's credentials including qualifications,
recommendations, and proof of previous work. The checklist, affidavit,
calculations and qualifications of engineer/energy provider must be
submitted together with the loan application.
    Enrollment in EPA Portfolio Manager Program. All projects awarded
scoring points for energy initiatives must enroll the project in the
EPA Portfolio Manager program to track post-construction energy
consumption data. More information about this program may be found at:
http://www.energystar.gov/buildings/facility-owners-and-managers/existing-buildi
ngs/use-portfolio-manager.
    (i) Energy Conservation for New Construction or Purchase and
Rehabilitation of an Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building (maximum
55 points). Projects may be eligible for up to 55 points when the pre-
application includes a written certification by the applicant to
participate in the following energy efficiency programs.
    The points will be allocated as follows:
     Participation in the EPA's Energy Star for Homes V3
program. (20 points)
http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=bldrs_lenders_raters.pt_bldr.

OR

Participation in the Green Communities program by the
Enterprise Community Partners. (30 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities.

OR
     Participation in one of the following two programs will be
awarded points for certification.

Note: Each program has four levels of certification. State the
level of certification that the applicant plans will achieve in their
certification:
     LEED for Homes program by the United States Green Building
Council (USGBC): http://www.usgbc.org.

-- Certified Level (30 points), OR
-- Silver Level (35 points), OR
-- Gold Level (40 points), OR
-- Platinum Level (45 points).

Applicant must state the level of certification that the
applicant's plans will achieve in their certification in its pre-
application.

OR

Home Innovation's and The National Association of Home
Builders (NAHB) ICC 700 National Green Building Standard TM:
http://www.nahb.org/.
-- Green-Bronze Level (30 points), OR
-- Silver Level (35 points), OR
-- Gold Level (40 points), OR
-- Emerald Level (45 points).

Applicant must state the level of certification that the
applicant's plans will achieve in their certification in its pre-
application.

AND

Participation in the Department of Energy's Zero Energy
Ready program. (8 points)
http://www.energy.gov/eere/buildings/zero-energy-ready-home.

AND

Participation in local green/energy efficient building
standards. Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality
program, will receive an additional 2 points.
    (ii) Energy Conservation for Rehabilitation (maximum 55 points).
Pre-applications for the purchase and rehabilitation of non-program MFH
and related facilities in rural areas may be eligible to receive 55
points when the pre-application includes a written certification by the
applicant to participate in one of the following energy efficiency
programs. Again, the certification must be accompanied by a signed
affidavit by the project architect or engineer stating that the goals
are achievable. Points will be award as follows:
     Participation in the Green Communities program by the
Enterprise Community Partners (53 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities. At least 30 percent of the points needed to qualify for
the Green Communities program must be earned under the Energy
Efficiency section of Green Communities.

AND

Participation in local green/energy efficient building
standards.
    Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality
program, will receive an additional 2 points. The applicant should be
aware of and look for additional requirements that are sometimes
embedded in the third-party program's rating and verification systems.
(2 points)
    (iii) Energy Generation (maximum 7 points). Pre-applications for
new construction or purchase and rehabilitation of non-program multi-
family projects which participate in the above mentioned programs and
receive at least 20 points in the point allocations above are eligible
to earn additional points for installation of on-site renewable energy
sources. Energy analysis of preliminary building plans using industry-
recognized simulation software must document the projected total energy
consumption of all of the building components and building site usage.
Projects with an energy analysis of the preliminary or rehabilitation
building plans that propose a 10 percent to 100 percent energy
generation commitment (where generation is considered to be the total
amount of energy needed to be generated on-site to make the building a
net-zero consumer of energy) will be awarded points as follows:
     0 to 9 percent commitment to energy generation receives 0
points;
     (b) 10 to 20 percent commitment to energy generation
receives 1 point;
     (c) 21 to 40 percent commitment to energy generation
receives 2 points;
     (d) 41 to 60 percent commitment to energy generation
receives 3 points;
     (e) 61 to 80 percent commitment to energy generation
receives 4 points; and
     (f) 81-100 percent or more commitment to energy generation
receives 5 points.
    Projects may participate in Power Purchase Agreements or Solar
Leases to achieve their on-site renewable energy generation goals
provided that the

[[Page 15749]]

financial obligations of the lease/purchase agreements are clearly
documented and included in the application, and qualifying ratios
continue to be achieved.
    An additional (2) points will be awarded for off-grid systems, or
elements of systems, provided that at least 5 percent of on-site
renewable system is off-grid. See www.dsireusa.org for State and local
specific incentives and regulations of energy initiatives.
    (iv) Water Conservation in Irrigation Measures (maximum 3 points).
Projects may be awarded 3 points for the use of an engineered recycled
water (gray water or storm water) for landscape irrigation covering 50
percent or more of the property's site landscaping needs.
    (v) Property Management Credentials (maximum 5 points). Projects
may be awarded an additional 5 points if the designated property
management company or individuals that will assume maintenance and
operations responsibilities upon completion of construction work have a
Credential for Green Property Management. Credentialing can be obtained
from the National Apartment Association (NAA), National Affordable
Housing Management Association, The Institute for Real Estate
Management, U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design for Operations and Maintenance (LEED OM), or
another source with a certifiable credentialing program. Credentialing
must be illustrated in the resume(s) of the property management team
and included with the pre-application.
    The National Office will rank all pre-applications nationwide and
distribute funds to States in rank order, within funding and RA limits.
When proposals have an equal score, preference will be given first to
Indian tribes as defined in Sec.  3560.11 and then local non-profit
organizations or public bodies whose principal purposes include low-
income housing that meet the conditions of Sec.  3560.55(c) and the
following conditions:
     Is exempt from Federal income taxes under section
501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue code;
     Is not wholly or partially owned or controlled by a for-
profit or limited-profit type entity;
     Whose members, or the entity, do not share an identity of
interest with a for-profit or limited-profit type entity;
     Is not co-venturing with another entity; and
     The entity or its members will not be receiving any direct
or indirect benefits pursuant to Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
    If there are two or more applications that have the same score and
both cannot be funded, a lottery in accordance with 7 CFR 3560.56(c)(2)
will be used to break the tie. If insufficient funds or RA remain for
the next ranked proposal, that applicant will be given a chance to
modify their pre-application to bring it within remaining funding
levels. This will be repeated for each next ranked eligible proposal
until an award can be made or the list is exhausted.
    Rural Development will notify all applicants whether their
applications have been accepted or rejected and provide appeal rights
under 7 CFR part 11, as appropriate.

E. Federal Award Administration Information

1. Federal Award Notices

Loan applicants must submit their initial applications by the due
date specified in this Notice. Once the applications have been scored
and ranked by the National Office, the National Office will advise
State Offices of the proposals selected for further processing, State
Offices will respond to applicants by letter.
    If the application is not accepted for further processing, the
applicant will be notified of appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11.

2. Administrative and National Policy

All Farm Labor Housing loans and grants are subject to the
restrictive-use provisions contained in 7 CFR 3560.72(a)(2).

3. Reporting

Borrowers must maintain separate financial records for the
operation and maintenance of the project and for tenant services.
Tenant services will not be funded by Rural Development. Funds
allocated to the operation and maintenance of the project may not be
used to supplement the cost of tenant services, nor may tenant service
funds be used to supplement the project operation and maintenance.
Detailed financial reports regarding tenant services will not be
required unless specifically requested by Rural Development, and then
only to the extent necessary for Rural Development and the borrower to
discuss the affordability (and competitiveness) of the service provided
to the tenant. The project audit, or verification of accounts on Form
RD 3560-10, ``Borrower Balance Sheet,'' together with an accompanying
Form RD 3560-7, ``Multiple Family Housing Project Budget Utility
Allowance,'' [showing actual,] must allocate revenue and expense
between project operations and the service component.

F. Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Requirements

Borrowers and applicants will comply with the provisions of 7 CFR
3560.2. All housing must meet the accessibility requirements found at 7
CFR 3560.60(d). All applicants must submit or have on file a valid Form
RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement,'' and Form RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement.''
    The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against
its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of
race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity,
religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs, marital
status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, all or part of
an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program,
or protected genetic information in employment or in any program or
activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited
bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.)
    If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your
Agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged
discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel action.
Additional information can be found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.
    If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, any
USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to
request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of the
information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-9410, by fax (202) 720-7442 or email at: program.intake@usda.gov
    Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of

[[Page 15750]]

communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,
audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600
(voice and TDD).

Dated: March 17, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.
[FR Doc. 2015-06863 Filed 3-24-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                6 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Funding Availability: Section 514 Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm
Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 7611  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service (RHS) announces the timeframe to submit
pre-applications for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing (FLH) loans and Section 516
FLH grants for the construction of new off-farm FLH units and related facilities
for domestic farm laborers and for the purchase and substantial rehabilitation
of an existing non-FLH property. The intended purpose of these loans and grants
is to increase the number of available housing units for domestic farm laborers.
This Notice describes the method used to distribute funds, the application
process, and submission requirements.

RHS will publish on its Web site, http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants, the amount of funding available in FY
2015 based on current appropriations.

Of particular note this year, the Agency will assign additional points to
pre-applications for projects based in or serving census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent over the last 30 years. This emphasis
will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of life for
rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need
them.
Dates

The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this Notice is 5:00
p.m., local time to the appropriate Rural Development State Office on June 23,
2015. Rural Development will not consider any application that is received after
the deadline unless the date and time is extended by another Notice published in
theFederal Register. Applicants intending to mail applications must provide
sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the deadline. Acceptance by a
post office or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and
postage due applications will not be accepted.
Addresses

Applicants wishing to submit an application in response to this Notice must
contact the Rural Development State Office serving the State of the proposed
off-FLH project in order to receive further information and copies of the
application package. You may find the addresses and contact information for each
State Office following this web link,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will date and
time stamp incoming applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon request,
will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of receipt.
For Further Information Contact

Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation
and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1263-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone: (202) 720-1753
(this is not a toll free number.), or via email: mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: NOSA for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing Loans and
Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year 2015.

Announcement Type: Solicitation of pre-applications from qualified applicants
for FY 2015.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA): 10.405 and 10.427.

Due Date for Applications: June 23, 2015.
A. Federal Award Description

Pre-applications will only be accepted through the date and time listed in this
Notice. All awards are subject to availability of funding. Individual requests
may not exceed $3 million (total loan and grant).

No State may receive more than 30 percent of available FLH funding available in
FY 2015. If there are insufficient applications from around the country to
exhaust Sections 514/516 funds available, the Agency may then exceed the 30
percent cap per State. Section 516 off-farm FLH grants may not exceed 90 percent
of the total development cost (TDC) of the housing as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.

If leveraged funds are going to be used and are in the form of tax credits, the
applicant must include in its pre-application written evidence that a tax credit
application has been submitted and accepted by the Housing Finance Agency (HFA).
All applications that will receive any leveraged funds must have firm
commitments in place within 12 months of the issuance of a "Notice of
Pre-application Review Action," Handbook Letter 103 (3560). Applicants without
written evidence that a tax credit application has been submitted and accepted
by the HFA must certify in writing they will apply for tax credits to the HFA
and obtain a firm commitment within 12 months of the issuance of a "Notice of
Pre-application Review Action."

Rental Assistance (RA) and operating assistance will be available for new
construction in FY 2015. Operating assistance is explained at 7 CFR 3560.574 and
may be used in lieu of tenant-specific RA in off-FLH projects that serve migrant
farm workers as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11, that are financed under Section 514 or
Section 516 (h) of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484 and
1486(h) respectively), and otherwise meet the requirements of 7 CFR 3560.574.
B. Eligibility Information
1. Eligibility

Housing Eligibility--Housing that is constructed with FLH loans and/or grants
must meet Rural Development's design and construction standards contained in 7
CFR part 1924, subparts A and C. Once constructed, off-farm FLH must be managed
in accordance with 7 CFR part 3560. In addition, off-farm FLH must be operated
on a non-profit basis and tenancy must be open to all qualified domestic farm
laborers, regardless at which farm they work. Section 514(f) (3) of the Housing
Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484(f) (3)) defines domestic farm laborers
to include any person regardless of the person's source of employment, who
receives a substantial portion of his or her income from the primary production
of agricultural or aqua cultural commodities in the unprocessed or processed
stage, and also includes the person's family.

Tenant Eligibility--Tenant eligibility is limited to persons who meet the
definition of a "disabled domestic farm laborer," or a "domestic farm laborer,"
or "retired domestic farm laborer," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. Farm workers
who are admitted to this country on a temporary basis under the Temporary
Agricultural Workers (H-2A Visa) program are not eligible to occupy Sections
514/516 off-farm FLH.

Applicant Eligibility--

(a) To be eligible to receive a Section 516 grant for off-farm FLH, the
applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including community and
faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of farm workers, a
Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or political subdivision of a State
or local Government, or a public agency (such as a housing authority). The
applicant must be able to contribute at least one-tenth of the TDC from
non-Rural Development resources which can include leveraged funds.

(b) To be eligible to receive a Section 514 loan for off-farm FLH, the applicant
must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including community and
faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of farm workers, a
Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or political subdivision of a State
or local Government, a public agency (such as a housing authority), or a limited
partnership which has a non-profit entity as its general partner, and

(i) Be unable to provide the necessary housing from its own resources;

(ii) Except for State or local public agencies and Indian tribes, be unable to
obtain similar credit elsewhere at rates that would allow for rents within the
payment ability of eligible residents.

(iii) Broad-based non-profit organizations must have a membership that reflects
a variety of interests in the area where the housing will be located.

2. Cost Sharing or Matching--Section 516 grants for off-farm FLH may not exceed
90 percent of the TDC as provided in 7 CFR 3560.562(c)(1).

3. Other Requirements--The following requirements apply to loans and grants made
in response to this Notice:

(a) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E, regarding equal opportunity requirements;

(b) For grants only, 2 CFR parts 200 and 400, which establishes the uniform
administrative and audit requirements for grants and cooperative agreements to
State and local Governments and to non-profit organizations;

(c) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart F, regarding historical and archaeological
properties;

(d) 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, regarding environmental assessments;

(e) 7 CFR part 3560, subpart L, regarding the loan and grant authorities of the
off-farm FLH program;

(f) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, regarding planning and performing construction
and other development;

(g) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart C, regarding the planning and performing of site
development work;

(h) For construction financed with a Section 516 grant, the provisions of the
Davis-Bacon Act (40 U.S.C. 276(a)-276(a)-5) and implementing regulations
published at 29 CFR parts 1, 3, and 5;

(i) All other requirements contained in 7 CFR part 3560, regarding the Sections
514/516 off-farm FLH programs; and

(j) Please note that grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and maintain registration in the
Central Contractor Registration (CCR) prior to submitting a pre-application
pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an entity applicant must maintain
registration in the CCR database at all times during which it has an active
Federal award or an application or plan under construction by the Agency.
Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation in accordance
with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an exception
under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary processes and
systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should the applicant
receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
C. Application and Submission Information
1. Pre-Application Submission

The application process will be in two phases: The initial pre-application (or
proposal) and the submission of a final application. Only those
pre-applicationsor proposals that are selected for further processing will be
invited to submit final applications. In the event that a proposal is selected
for further processing and the applicant declines, the next highest ranked
unfunded pre-application may be selected for further processing. All
pre-applications for Sections 514 and 516 funds must be filed with the
appropriate Rural Development State Office and must meet the requirements of
this Notice. Incomplete pre-applications will not be reviewed and will be
returned to the applicant. No pre-application will be accepted after the
deadline unless date and time are extended by another Notice published in
theFederal Register.

Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the FLH
Pre-application form found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants or in hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Office where the project will be located. Follow the link for the RD
Office address for requesting and submitting pre-application at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateofficeAddresses.html. Applicants are strongly
encouraged, but not required, to submit the pre-application electronically. The
electronic form contains a button labeled "Send Form." By clicking on the
button, the applicant will see an email message window with an attachment that
includes the electronic form the applicant filled out as a data file with an
.fdf extension. In addition, an auto-reply acknowledgement will be sent to the
applicant when the electronic Loan Proposal form is received by the Agency
unless the sender has software that will block the receipt of the auto-reply
email. The State Office will record pre-applications received electronically by
the actual date and time when all attachments are received at the State Office.

Submission of the electronic Section 514 Loan Proposal form does not constitute
submission of the entire proposal package which requires additional forms and
supporting documentation as listed within this Notice. You may use one of the
following three options for submitting the entire proposal package comprising of
all required forms and documents. On the Loan Proposal form you can indicate the
option you will be using to submit each required form and document.

(a) Electronic Media Option. Submit all forms and documents as read-only Adobe
Acrobat files on electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each
electronic device submitted, the applicant should include a Table of Contents of
all documents and forms on that device. The electronic media should be submitted
to the Rural Development State Office listed in this Notice where the property
is located. Any forms and documents that are not sent electronically, including
the check for credit reports, must be mailed to the Rural Development State
Office.

(b) Email Option. On the Loan Proposal form you will be asked for a submission
email address. This email address will be used to establish a folder on the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) server with your unique email address. Once the
Loan Proposal form is processed, you will receive an additional email notifying
you of the email address that you can use to email your forms and documents.
Please Note: All forms and documents must be emailed from the same submission
email address. This will ensure that all forms and documents that you send will
be stored in the folder assigned to that email address. Any forms and documents
that are not sent in via the email option must be submitted on an electronic
media or in hard copy form to the Rural Development State Office.

(c) Hard Copy Submission to the Rural Development State Office. If you are
unable to send the proposal package electronically using either of the options
listed above, you may send a hard copy of all forms and documents to the Rural
Development State Office where the property is located. Hard copy
pre-applications received on or before the deadline date will receive the close
of business time of the day received as the receipt time. Hard copy
pre-applications must be received by the submission deadline and no later than
5:00 p.m., local time, June 23, 2015. Assistance for filing electronic and hard
copy pre-applications can be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.

For electronic submissions, there is a time delay between the time it is sent
and the time it is received depending on network traffic. As a result,
last-minute submissions sent before the deadline date and time could well be
received after the deadline date and time because of the increased network
traffic. Applicants are reminded that all submissions received after the
deadline date and time will be rejected, regardless of when they were sent.

If a pre-application is accepted for further processing, the applicant must
submit a complete, final application, acceptable to Rural Development prior to
the obligation of Rural Development funds. If the pre-application is not
accepted for further processing the applicant will be notified of appeal rights
under 7 CFR part 11.
2. Pre-Application Requirements

(a) The pre-application must contain the following:

(1) A summary page listing the following items. This information should be
double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.

(i) Applicant's name.

(ii) Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number.

(iii) Applicant's address.

(iv) Applicant's telephone number.

(v) Name of applicant's contact person, telephone number, and address.

(vi) Amount of loan and/or grant requested.

(vii) For grants of Federal financial assistance (including loans and grants,
cooperative agreements, etc.), the applicant's Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number and registration in the CCR database in
accordance with 2 CFR part 25. As required by the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), all grant applicants must provide a DUNS number when applying for
Federal grants, on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS
number at no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at (866) 705-5711 or
via the internet at: http://www.dnb.com/. Additional information concerning this
requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at www.grants.gov.
Similarly, applicants may register for the CCR at:
https://www.uscontractorregistration.com/ or by calling (877) 252-2700.

(2) Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained in an
appropriation in FY 2014 that funds FLH.

(3) A narrative verifying the applicant's ability to meet the eligibility
requirements stated earlier in this Notice. If an applicant is selected for
further processing, Rural Development will require additional documentation as
set forth in a Conditional Commitment in order to verify the entity has the
legal and financial capability to carry out the obligation of the loan.

(4) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance," can be obtained at:
http://www.grants.gov or from any Rural Development State Office listed in
Section VII of this Notice.

(5) For loan pre-applications, current (within 6 months of pre-application date)
financial statements with the following paragraph certified by the applicant's
designated and legally authorized signer:

"I/we certify the above is a true and accurate reflection of our financial
condition as of the date stated herein.This statement is given for the purpose
of inducing the United States of America to make a loan or to enable the United
States of America to make a determination of continued eligibility of the
applicant for a loan as requested in the loan application of which this
statement is a part."

(6) For loan pre-applications, a check for $24 from applicants made out to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture. This will be used to pay for credit reports
obtained by Rural Development.

(7) Evidence that the applicant is unable to obtain credit from other sources.
Letters from credit institutions which normally provide real estate loans in the
area should be obtained and these letters should indicate the rates and terms
upon which a loan might be provided. (Note:Not required from State or local
public agencies or Indian tribes.)

(8) If a FLH grant is desired, a statement concerning the need for a FLH grant.
The statement should include preliminary estimates of the rents required with
and without a grant.

(9) A statement of the applicant's experience in operating labor housing or
other rental housing. If the applicant's experience is limited, additional
information should be provided to indicate how the applicant plans to compensate
for this limited experience (i.e., obtaining assistance and advice of a
management firm, non-profit group, public agency, or other organization which is
experienced in rental management and will be available on a continuous basis).

(10) A brief statement explaining the applicant's proposed method of operation
and management (i.e., on-site manager, contract for management services, etc.).
As stated earlier in this Notice, the housing must be managed in accordance with
the program's management regulation, 7 CFR part 3560 and tenancy is limited to
"disabled domestic farm laborers," "domestic farm laborers," and "retired
domestic farm laborers," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.

(11) Applicants must also provide:

(i) A copy of, or an accurate citation to, the special provisions of State law
under which they are organized, a copy of the applicant's charter, Articles of
Incorporation, and by-laws;

(ii) The names, occupations, and addresses of the applicant's members,
directors, and officers; and

(iii) If a member or subsidiary of another organization, the organization's
name, address, and nature of business.

(12) A preliminary market survey or market study to identify the supply and
demand for farm labor housing in the market area. The market area must be
clearly identified and may include only the area from which tenants can
reasonably be drawn for the proposed project. Documentation must be provided to
justify a need within the intended market area for the housing of "domestic farm
laborers," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. The documentation must take into account
disabled and retired farm workers. The preliminary survey should address or
include the following items:

(i) The annual income level of farmworker families in the area and the probable
income of the farm workers who will likely occupy the proposed housing;

(ii) A realistic estimate of the number of farm workers who remain in the area
where they harvest and the number of farm workers who normally migrate into the
area. Information on migratory workers should indicate the average number of
months the migrants reside in the area and an indication of what type of family
groups are represented by the migrants (i.e., single individuals as opposed to
families);

(iii) General information concerning the type of labor intensive crops grown in
the area and prospects for continued demand for farm laborers;

(iv) The overall occupancy rate for comparable rental units in the area and the
rents charged and customary rental practices for these units (i.e., will they
rent to large families, do they require annual leases, etc.);

(v) The number, condition, adequacy, rental rates and ownership of units
currently used or available to farm workers;

(vi) A description of the units proposed, including the number, type, size,
rental rates, amenities such as carpets and drapes, related facilities such as a
laundry room or community room and other facilities providing supportive
services in connection with the housing and the needs of the prospective tenants
such as a health clinic or day care facility, estimated development timeline,
estimated TDC, and applicant contribution; and

(vii) The applicant must also identify all other sources of funds, including the
dollar amount, source, and commitment status. (Note:A Section 516 grant may not
exceed 90 percent of the TDC of the housing.)

(13) The applicant must submit a checklist, certification, and signed affidavit
by the project architect or engineer, as applicable, for any energy programs
listed in Section IV the applicant intends to participate in.

(14) The following forms are required:

(i) A completed Form RD 1940-20, "Request for Environmental Information," and a
description of anticipated environmental issues or concerns. The form can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1940-20.PDF.

(ii) A prepared HUD Form 935.2A, "Affirmative Fair Housing Marketing Plan (AFHM)
Multi-Family Housing," in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.203(c). The plan will
reflect that occupancy is open to all qualified "domestic farm laborers,"
regardless of which farming operation they work and that they will not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, disability, marital or
familial status or National origin in regard to the occupancy or use of the
units. The form can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=935-2a.PDF.

(iii) A proposed operating budget utilizing Form RD 3560-7, "Multiple Family
Housing Project Budget/Utility Allowanc e," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-7.PDF.

(iv) An estimate of development cost utilizing Form RD 1924-13, "Estimate and
Certificate of Actual Cost," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1924-13.PDF.

(v) Form RD 3560-30, "Certification of no Identity of Interest (IOI)," can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-30.PDF and
Form RD 3560-31, "Identity of Interest Disclosure/Qualification Certification,"
can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-31.PDF.

(vi) Form HUD 2530, "Previous Participation Certification," can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=2530.pdf.

(vii) If requesting RA or Operating Assistance, Form RD 3560-25, "Initial
Request for Rental Assistance or Operating Assistance," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-25.PDF.

(viii) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD400-4.PDF.
Applicants for revitalization, repair, and rehabilitation funding are to apply
through the Multifamily Housing Preservation and Revitalization (MPR)
Demonstration Program.

(ix) Evidence of compliance with Executive Order 12372. The applicant must send
a copy of Form SF-424,"Application for Federal Assistance", to the applicant's
State clearinghouse for intergovernmental review. If the applicant is located in
a State that does not have a clearinghouse, the applicant is not required to
submit the form. Applications from Federally recognized Indian tribes are not
subject to this requirement.

(15) Evidence of site control, such as an option contract or sales contract. In
addition, a map and description of the proposed site, including the availability
of water, sewer, and utilities and the proximity to community facilities and
services such as shopping, schools, transportation, doctors, dentists, and
hospitals.

(16) Preliminary plans and specifications, including plot plans, building
layouts, and type of construction and materials. The housing must meet Rural
Development's design and construction standards contained in 7 CFR part 1924,
subparts A and C and must also meet all applicable Federal, State, and local
accessibility standards.

(17) A supportive services plan, which describes services that will be provided
on-site or made available to tenants through cooperative agreements with service
providers in the community, such as a health clinic or day care facility.
Off-site services must be accessible and affordable to farm workers and their
families. Letters of intent from service providers are acceptable documentation
at the pre-application stage.

(18) A sources and uses statement which shows all sources of funding included in
the proposed project. The terms and schedules of all sources included in the
project should be included in the sources and uses statement.

(19) A separate one-page information sheet listing each of the "Pre-Application
Scoring Criteria," contained in this Notice, followed by a reference to the page
numbers of all relevant material and documentation that is contained in the
proposal that supports the criteria.

(20) Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to include a checklist of all
of the pre-application requirements and to have their pre-application indexed
and tabbed to facilitate the review process;

(21) Evidence of compliance with the requirements of the applicable State
Housing Preservation Office (SHPO), and/or Tribal Historic Preservation Officer
(THPO). A letter from the SHPO and/or THPO where the off-farm labor housing
project is located, signed by their designee will serve as evidence of
compliance.
D. Pre-Application Review Information

1. Selection Criteria. Section 514 FLH loan funds and Section 516 FLH grant
funds will be distributed to States based on a national competition, as follows:

(a) Rural Development State Office will accept, review, and score
pre-applications in accordance with this Notice. The scoring factors are:

(1) The presence of construction cost savings, including donated land and
construction leverage assistance, for the units that will serve program-eligible
tenants. The savings will be calculated as a percentage of the Rural Development
TDC. The percentage calculation excludes any costs prohibited by Rural
Development as loan expenses, such as a developer's fee. Construction cost
savings includes, but is not limited to, funds for hard construction costs, and
State or Federal funds which are applicable to construction costs. A minimum of
10 percent cost savings is required to earn points; however, if the total
percentage of cost savings is less than 10 percent and the proposal includes
donated land, two points will be awarded for the donated land. To count as cost
savings for purposes of the selection criteria, the applicant must submit
written evidence from the third-party funder that an application for those funds
has been submitted and accepted points will be awarded in accordance with the
following table using rounding to the nearest whole number.
Percentage Points
75 or more 20
60-74 18
50-59 16
40-49 12
30-39 10
20-29 8
10-19 5
0-9 0

(2) The presence of operational cost savings, such as tax abatements, non-Rural
Development tenant subsidies or donated services are calculated on a per-unit
cost savings for the sum of the savings. Savings must be available for at least
5 years and documentation must be provided with the application demonstrating
the availability of savings for 5 years. To calculate the savings, take the
total amount of savings and divide it by the number of units in the project that
will benefit from the savings to obtain the per unit cost savings. For non-Rural
Development tenant subsidy, if the value changes during the 5 year calculation,
the applicant must use the lower of the non-Rural Development tenant subsidy to
calculate per unit cost savings. For example, a 10-unit property with 100
percent designated farm labor housing units receiving $20,000 per year non-Rural
Development subsidy yields a cost savings of $100,000 ($20,000 × 5 years);
resulting to a $10,000 per-unit cost savings ($100,000/10 units).

Use the following table to apply points:
Per-unit cost savings Points
Above $15,000 50
$10,001-$15,000 35
$7,501-$10,000 20
$5,001-$7,500 15
$3,501-$5,000 10
$2,001-$3,500 5
$1,000-$2,000 2

(3) Percent of units for seasonal, temporary, migrant housing. (10 points for up
to and including 50 percent of the units; 20 points for 51 percent or more units
used for seasonal, temporary, or migrant housing.)

(4) Additional 10 points will be awarded to projects in persistent poverty
counties. A county is considered persistently poor if 20 percent or more of its
population was living in poverty over the last 30 years (measured by the 1980,
1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-year
estimates).

(5) Presence of tenant services.

(i) Up to 25 points will be awarded based on the presence of and extent to which
a tenant services plan exists that clearly outlines services that will be
provided to the residents of the proposed project. These services may include,
but are not limited to, transportation related services, on-site English as a
Second Language (ESL) classes, move-in funds, emergency assistance funds,
homeownership counseling, food pantries, after school tutoring, and computer
learning centers.

(ii) Two points will be awarded for each resident service included in the tenant
services plan up to a maximum of 10 points. Plans must detail how the services
are to be administered, who will administer them, and where they will be
administered. All tenant service plans must include letters of intent that
clearly state the service that will be provided at the project for the benefit
of the residents from any party administering each service, including the
applicant.

(6) Energy Initiative Scoring Points (maximum 70 points).

Properties may receive points for energy initiatives in the categories of energy
conservation, energy generation, water conservation and green
propertymanagement. Depending on the scope of work (SOW), properties may earn
"energy initiative" points (up to a maximum of 70 points) in either one of two
categories: (1) New Construction or (2) Purchase and Rehabilitation of an
Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building. Projects will be eligible for one
category of the two, but not both.

Energy programs including LEED for Homes, Green Communities, etc., will each
have an initial checklist indicating prerequisites for participation in its
energy program. The applicable energy program checklist will establish whether
prerequisites for the energy program's participation will be met. All checklists
must be accompanied by a signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer
stating that the goals are achievable. In addition, projects that apply for
points under the energy generation category must include calculations of savings
of energy. Compare property energy usage of three scenarios: (1) Property built
to required code of State with no renewables, to (2) property as-designed with
commitments to stated energy conservation programs without the use of renewables
and (3) property as-designed with commitments to stated energy conservation
programs and the use of proposed renewables. Use local average metrics for
weather and utility costs and detail savings in kWh and dollars. Provide payback
calculations. These calculations must be done by a licensed engineer or
credentialed renewable energy provider. Include with application, the
provider/engineer's credentials including qualifications, recommendations, and
proof of previous work. The checklist, affidavit, calculations and
qualifications of engineer/energy provider must be submitted together with the
loan application.

Enrollment in EPA Portfolio Manager Program. All projects awarded scoring points
for energy initiatives must enroll the project in the EPA Portfolio Manager
program to track post-construction energy consumption data. More information
about this program may be found at:
http://www.energystar.gov/buildings/facility-owners-and-managers/existing-buildi
ngs/use-portfolio-manager.

(i) Energy Conservation for New Construction or Purchase and Rehabilitation of
an Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building (maximum 55 points). Projects may be
eligible for up to 55 points when the pre-application includes a written
certification by the applicant to participate in the following energy efficiency
programs.

The points will be allocated as follows:

Participation in the EPA's Energy Star for Homes V3 program. (20 points)
http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=bldrs_lenders_raters.pt_bldr.

OR

Participation in the Green Communities program by the Enterprise Community
Partners. (30 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities.

OR

Participation in one of the following two programs will be awarded points for
certification.

Note:Each program has four levels of certification. State the level of
certification that the applicant plans will achieve in their certification:

LEED for Homes program by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC):
http://www.usgbc.org.

-- Certified Level (30 points), OR

-- Silver Level (35 points), OR

-- Gold Level (40 points), OR

-- Platinum Level (45 points).

Applicant must state the level of certification that the applicant's plans will
achieve in their certification in its pre-application.

OR

Home Innovation's and The National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) ICC 700
National Green Building Standard TM: http://www.nahb.org/.

-- Green-Bronze Level (30 points), OR

-- Silver Level (35 points), OR

-- Gold Level (40 points), OR

-- Emerald Level (45 points).

Applicant must state the level of certification that the applicant's plans will
achieve in their certification in its pre-application.

AND

Participation in the Department of Energy's Zero Energy Ready program. (8
points) http://www.energy.gov/eere/buildings/zero-energy-ready-home.

AND

Participation in local green/energy efficient building standards. Applicants who
participate in a city, county or municipality program, will receive an
additional 2 points.

(ii) Energy Conservation for Rehabilitation (maximum 55 points).
Pre-applications for the purchase and rehabilitation of non-program MFH and
related facilities in rural areas may be eligible to receive 55 points when the
pre-application includes a written certification by the applicant to participate
in one of the following energy efficiency programs. Again, the certification
must be accompanied by a signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer
stating that the goals are achievable. Points will be award as follows:

Participation in the Green Communities program by the Enterprise Community
Partners (53 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities. At least 30 percent of the points needed to qualify for the Green
Communities program must be earned under the Energy Efficiency section of Green
Communities.

AND

Participation in local green/energy efficient building standards.

Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality program, will
receive an additional 2 points. The applicant should be aware of and look for
additional requirements that are sometimes embedded in the third-party program's
rating and verification systems. (2 points)

(iii) Energy Generation (maximum 7 points). Pre-applications for new
construction or purchase and rehabilitation of non-program multi-family projects
which participate in the above mentioned programs and receive at least 20 points
in the point allocations above are eligible to earn additional points for
installation of on-site renewable energy sources. Energy analysis of preliminary
building plans using industry-recognized simulation software must document the
projected total energy consumption of all of the building components and
building site usage. Projects with an energy analysis of the preliminary or
rehabilitation building plans that propose a 10 percent to 100 percent energy
generation commitment (where generation is considered to be the total amount of
energy needed to be generated on-site to make the building a net-zero consumer
of energy) will be awarded points as follows:

0 to 9 percent commitment to energy generation receives 0 points;
    (b) 10 to 20 percent commitment to energy generation receives 1 point;
    (c) 21 to 40 percent commitment to energy generation receives 2 points;
    (d) 41 to 60 percent commitment to energy generation receives 3 points;
    (e) 61 to 80 percent commitment to energy generation receives 4 points; and
    (f) 81-100 percent or more commitment to energy generation receives 5
points.

Projects may participate in Power Purchase Agreements or Solar Leases to achieve
their on-site renewable energy generation goals provided that thefinancial
obligations of the lease/purchase agreements are clearly documented and included
in the application, and qualifying ratios continue to be achieved.

An additional (2) points will be awarded for off-grid systems, or elements of
systems, provided that at least 5 percent of on-site renewable system is
off-grid. See www.dsireusa.org for State and local specific incentives and
regulations of energy initiatives.

(iv) Water Conservation in Irrigation Measures (maximum 3 points). Projects may
be awarded 3 points for the use of an engineered recycled water (gray water or
storm water) for landscape irrigation covering 50 percent or more of the
property's site landscaping needs.

(v) Property Management Credentials (maximum 5 points). Projects may be awarded
an additional 5 points if the designated property management company or
individuals that will assume maintenance and operations responsibilities upon
completion of construction work have a Credential for Green Property Management.
Credentialing can be obtained from the National Apartment Association (NAA),
National Affordable Housing Management Association, The Institute for Real
Estate Management, U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design for Operations and Maintenance (LEED OM), or another source
with a certifiable credentialing program. Credentialing must be illustrated in
the resume(s) of the property management team and included with the
pre-application.

The National Office will rank all pre-applications nationwide and distribute
funds to States in rank order, within funding and RA limits. When proposals have
an equal score, preference will be given first to Indian tribes as defined in §
3560.11 and then local non-profit organizations or public bodies whose principal
purposes include low-income housing that meet the conditions of § 3560.55(c) and
the following conditions:

Is exempt from Federal income taxes under section 501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) of the
Internal Revenue code;
    Is not wholly or partially owned or controlled by a for-profit or
limited-profit type entity;
    Whose members, or the entity, do not share an identity of interest with a
for-profit or limited-profit type entity;
    Is not co-venturing with another entity; and
    The entity or its members will not be receiving any direct or indirect
benefits pursuant to Low Income Housing Tax Credits.

If there are two or more applications that have the same score and both cannot
be funded, a lottery in accordance with 7 CFR 3560.56(c)(2) will be used to
break the tie. If insufficient funds or RA remain for the next ranked proposal,
that applicant will be given a chance to modify their pre-application to bring
it within remaining funding levels. This will be repeated for each next ranked
eligible proposal until an award can be made or the list is exhausted.

Rural Development will notify all applicants whether their applications have
been accepted or rejected and provide appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11, as
appropriate.
E. Federal Award Administration Information
1. Federal Award Notices

Loan applicants must submit their initial applications by the due date specified
in this Notice. Once the applications have been scored and ranked by the
National Office, the National Office will advise State Offices of the proposals
selected for further processing, State Offices will respond to applicants by
letter.

If the application is not accepted for further processing, the applicant will be
notified of appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11.
2. Administrative and National Policy

All Farm Labor Housing loans and grants are subject to the restrictive-use
provisions contained in 7 CFR 3560.72(a)(2).
3. Reporting

Borrowers must maintain separate financial records for the operation and
maintenance of the project and for tenant services. Tenant services will not be
funded by Rural Development. Funds allocated to the operation and maintenance of
the project may not be used to supplement the cost of tenant services, nor may
tenant service funds be used to supplement the project operation and
maintenance. Detailed financial reports regarding tenant services will not be
required unless specifically requested by Rural Development, and then only to
the extent necessary for Rural Development and the borrower to discuss the
affordability (and competitiveness) of the service provided to the tenant. The
project audit, or verification of accounts on Form RD 3560-10, "Borrower Balance
Sheet," together with an accompanying Form RD 3560-7, "Multiple Family Housing
Project Budget Utility Allowance,"[showing actual,] must allocate revenue and
expense between project operations and the service component.
F. Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Requirements

Borrowers and applicants will comply with the provisions of 7 CFR 3560.2. All
housing must meet the accessibility requirements found at 7 CFR 3560.60(d). All
applicants must submit or have on file a valid Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity
Agreement," and Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your Agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, any USDA office, or call
(866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all
of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form or
letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 720-7442 or email at: program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means ofcommunication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: March 17, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.
[FR Doc. 2015-06863 Filed 3-24-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                7 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Funding Availability: Section 514 Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm
Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 7611  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service (RHS) announces the timeframe to submit
pre-applications for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing (FLH) loans and Section 516
FLH grants for the construction of new off-farm FLH units and related facilities
for domestic farm laborers and for the purchase and substantial rehabilitation
of an existing non-FLH property. The intended purpose of these loans and grants
is to increase the number of available housing units for domestic farm laborers.
This Notice describes the method used to distribute funds, the application
process, and submission requirements.

RHS will publish on its Web site, http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants, the amount of funding available in FY
2015 based on current appropriations.

Of particular note this year, the Agency will assign additional points to
pre-applications for projects based in or serving census tracts with poverty
rates greater than or equal to 20 percent over the last 30 years. This emphasis
will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of life for
rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need
them.
Dates

The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this Notice is 5:00
p.m., local time to the appropriate Rural Development State Office on June 23,
2015. Rural Development will not consider any application that is received after
the deadline unless the date and time is extended by another Notice published in
theFederal Register. Applicants intending to mail applications must provide
sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the deadline. Acceptance by a
post office or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and
postage due applications will not be accepted.
Addresses

Applicants wishing to submit an application in response to this Notice must
contact the Rural Development State Office serving the State of the proposed
off-FLH project in order to receive further information and copies of the
application package. You may find the addresses and contact information for each
State Office following this web link,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will date and
time stamp incoming applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon request,
will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of receipt.
For Further Information Contact

Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation
and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1263-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone: (202) 720-1753
(this is not a toll free number.), or via email: mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: NOSA for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing Loans and
Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year 2015.

Announcement Type: Solicitation of pre-applications from qualified applicants
for FY 2015.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA): 10.405 and 10.427.

Due Date for Applications: June 23, 2015.
A. Federal Award Description

Pre-applications will only be accepted through the date and time listed in this
Notice. All awards are subject to availability of funding. Individual requests
may not exceed $3 million (total loan and grant).

No State may receive more than 30 percent of available FLH funding available in
FY 2015. If there are insufficient applications from around the country to
exhaust Sections 514/516 funds available, the Agency may then exceed the 30
percent cap per State. Section 516 off-farm FLH grants may not exceed 90 percent
of the total development cost (TDC) of the housing as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.

If leveraged funds are going to be used and are in the form of tax credits, the
applicant must include in its pre-application written evidence that a tax credit
application has been submitted and accepted by the Housing Finance Agency (HFA).
All applications that will receive any leveraged funds must have firm
commitments in place within 12 months of the issuance of a "Notice of
Pre-application Review Action," Handbook Letter 103 (3560). Applicants without
written evidence that a tax credit application has been submitted and accepted
by the HFA must certify in writing they will apply for tax credits to the HFA
and obtain a firm commitment within 12 months of the issuance of a "Notice of
Pre-application Review Action."

Rental Assistance (RA) and operating assistance will be available for new
construction in FY 2015. Operating assistance is explained at 7 CFR 3560.574 and
may be used in lieu of tenant-specific RA in off-FLH projects that serve migrant
farm workers as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11, that are financed under Section 514 or
Section 516 (h) of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484 and
1486(h) respectively), and otherwise meet the requirements of 7 CFR 3560.574.
B. Eligibility Information
1. Eligibility

Housing Eligibility--Housing that is constructed with FLH loans and/or grants
must meet Rural Development's design and construction standards contained in 7
CFR part 1924, subparts A and C. Once constructed, off-farm FLH must be managed
in accordance with 7 CFR part 3560. In addition, off-farm FLH must be operated
on a non-profit basis and tenancy must be open to all qualified domestic farm
laborers, regardless at which farm they work. Section 514(f) (3) of the Housing
Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484(f) (3)) defines domestic farm laborers
to include any person regardless of the person's source of employment, who
receives a substantial portion of his or her income from the primary production
of agricultural or aqua cultural commodities in the unprocessed or processed
stage, and also includes the person's family.

Tenant Eligibility--Tenant eligibility is limited to persons who meet the
definition of a "disabled domestic farm laborer," or a "domestic farm laborer,"
or "retired domestic farm laborer," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. Farm workers
who are admitted to this country on a temporary basis under the Temporary
Agricultural Workers (H-2A Visa) program are not eligible to occupy Sections
514/516 off-farm FLH.

Applicant Eligibility--

(a) To be eligible to receive a Section 516 grant for off-farm FLH, the
applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including community and
faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of farm workers, a
Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or political subdivision of a State
or local Government, or a public agency (such as a housing authority). The
applicant must be able to contribute at least one-tenth of the TDC from
non-Rural Development resources which can include leveraged funds.

(b) To be eligible to receive a Section 514 loan for off-farm FLH, the applicant
must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including community and
faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of farm workers, a
Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or political subdivision of a State
or local Government, a public agency (such as a housing authority), or a limited
partnership which has a non-profit entity as its general partner, and

(i) Be unable to provide the necessary housing from its own resources;

(ii) Except for State or local public agencies and Indian tribes, be unable to
obtain similar credit elsewhere at rates that would allow for rents within the
payment ability of eligible residents.

(iii) Broad-based non-profit organizations must have a membership that reflects
a variety of interests in the area where the housing will be located.

2. Cost Sharing or Matching--Section 516 grants for off-farm FLH may not exceed
90 percent of the TDC as provided in 7 CFR 3560.562(c)(1).

3. Other Requirements--The following requirements apply to loans and grants made
in response to this Notice:

(a) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E, regarding equal opportunity requirements;

(b) For grants only, 2 CFR parts 200 and 400, which establishes the uniform
administrative and audit requirements for grants and cooperative agreements to
State and local Governments and to non-profit organizations;

(c) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart F, regarding historical and archaeological
properties;

(d) 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, regarding environmental assessments;

(e) 7 CFR part 3560, subpart L, regarding the loan and grant authorities of the
off-farm FLH program;

(f) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, regarding planning and performing construction
and other development;

(g) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart C, regarding the planning and performing of site
development work;

(h) For construction financed with a Section 516 grant, the provisions of the
Davis-Bacon Act (40 U.S.C. 276(a)-276(a)-5) and implementing regulations
published at 29 CFR parts 1, 3, and 5;

(i) All other requirements contained in 7 CFR part 3560, regarding the Sections
514/516 off-farm FLH programs; and

(j) Please note that grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and maintain registration in the
Central Contractor Registration (CCR) prior to submitting a pre-application
pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an entity applicant must maintain
registration in the CCR database at all times during which it has an active
Federal award or an application or plan under construction by the Agency.
Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation in accordance
with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an exception
under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary processes and
systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should the applicant
receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).
C. Application and Submission Information
1. Pre-Application Submission

The application process will be in two phases: The initial pre-application (or
proposal) and the submission of a final application. Only those
pre-applicationsor proposals that are selected for further processing will be
invited to submit final applications. In the event that a proposal is selected
for further processing and the applicant declines, the next highest ranked
unfunded pre-application may be selected for further processing. All
pre-applications for Sections 514 and 516 funds must be filed with the
appropriate Rural Development State Office and must meet the requirements of
this Notice. Incomplete pre-applications will not be reviewed and will be
returned to the applicant. No pre-application will be accepted after the
deadline unless date and time are extended by another Notice published in
theFederal Register.

Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the FLH
Pre-application form found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants or in hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Office where the project will be located. Follow the link for the RD
Office address for requesting and submitting pre-application at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateofficeAddresses.html. Applicants are strongly
encouraged, but not required, to submit the pre-application electronically. The
electronic form contains a button labeled "Send Form." By clicking on the
button, the applicant will see an email message window with an attachment that
includes the electronic form the applicant filled out as a data file with an
.fdf extension. In addition, an auto-reply acknowledgement will be sent to the
applicant when the electronic Loan Proposal form is received by the Agency
unless the sender has software that will block the receipt of the auto-reply
email. The State Office will record pre-applications received electronically by
the actual date and time when all attachments are received at the State Office.

Submission of the electronic Section 514 Loan Proposal form does not constitute
submission of the entire proposal package which requires additional forms and
supporting documentation as listed within this Notice. You may use one of the
following three options for submitting the entire proposal package comprising of
all required forms and documents. On the Loan Proposal form you can indicate the
option you will be using to submit each required form and document.

(a) Electronic Media Option. Submit all forms and documents as read-only Adobe
Acrobat files on electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each
electronic device submitted, the applicant should include a Table of Contents of
all documents and forms on that device. The electronic media should be submitted
to the Rural Development State Office listed in this Notice where the property
is located. Any forms and documents that are not sent electronically, including
the check for credit reports, must be mailed to the Rural Development State
Office.

(b) Email Option. On the Loan Proposal form you will be asked for a submission
email address. This email address will be used to establish a folder on the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) server with your unique email address. Once the
Loan Proposal form is processed, you will receive an additional email notifying
you of the email address that you can use to email your forms and documents.
Please Note: All forms and documents must be emailed from the same submission
email address. This will ensure that all forms and documents that you send will
be stored in the folder assigned to that email address. Any forms and documents
that are not sent in via the email option must be submitted on an electronic
media or in hard copy form to the Rural Development State Office.

(c) Hard Copy Submission to the Rural Development State Office. If you are
unable to send the proposal package electronically using either of the options
listed above, you may send a hard copy of all forms and documents to the Rural
Development State Office where the property is located. Hard copy
pre-applications received on or before the deadline date will receive the close
of business time of the day received as the receipt time. Hard copy
pre-applications must be received by the submission deadline and no later than
5:00 p.m., local time, June 23, 2015. Assistance for filing electronic and hard
copy pre-applications can be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.

For electronic submissions, there is a time delay between the time it is sent
and the time it is received depending on network traffic. As a result,
last-minute submissions sent before the deadline date and time could well be
received after the deadline date and time because of the increased network
traffic. Applicants are reminded that all submissions received after the
deadline date and time will be rejected, regardless of when they were sent.

If a pre-application is accepted for further processing, the applicant must
submit a complete, final application, acceptable to Rural Development prior to
the obligation of Rural Development funds. If the pre-application is not
accepted for further processing the applicant will be notified of appeal rights
under 7 CFR part 11.
2. Pre-Application Requirements

(a) The pre-application must contain the following:

(1) A summary page listing the following items. This information should be
double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.

(i) Applicant's name.

(ii) Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number.

(iii) Applicant's address.

(iv) Applicant's telephone number.

(v) Name of applicant's contact person, telephone number, and address.

(vi) Amount of loan and/or grant requested.

(vii) For grants of Federal financial assistance (including loans and grants,
cooperative agreements, etc.), the applicant's Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number and registration in the CCR database in
accordance with 2 CFR part 25. As required by the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), all grant applicants must provide a DUNS number when applying for
Federal grants, on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS
number at no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at (866) 705-5711 or
via the internet at: http://www.dnb.com/. Additional information concerning this
requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at www.grants.gov.
Similarly, applicants may register for the CCR at:
https://www.uscontractorregistration.com/ or by calling (877) 252-2700.

(2) Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained in an
appropriation in FY 2014 that funds FLH.

(3) A narrative verifying the applicant's ability to meet the eligibility
requirements stated earlier in this Notice. If an applicant is selected for
further processing, Rural Development will require additional documentation as
set forth in a Conditional Commitment in order to verify the entity has the
legal and financial capability to carry out the obligation of the loan.

(4) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance," can be obtained at:
http://www.grants.gov or from any Rural Development State Office listed in
Section VII of this Notice.

(5) For loan pre-applications, current (within 6 months of pre-application date)
financial statements with the following paragraph certified by the applicant's
designated and legally authorized signer:

"I/we certify the above is a true and accurate reflection of our financial
condition as of the date stated herein.This statement is given for the purpose
of inducing the United States of America to make a loan or to enable the United
States of America to make a determination of continued eligibility of the
applicant for a loan as requested in the loan application of which this
statement is a part."

(6) For loan pre-applications, a check for $24 from applicants made out to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture. This will be used to pay for credit reports
obtained by Rural Development.

(7) Evidence that the applicant is unable to obtain credit from other sources.
Letters from credit institutions which normally provide real estate loans in the
area should be obtained and these letters should indicate the rates and terms
upon which a loan might be provided. (Note:Not required from State or local
public agencies or Indian tribes.)

(8) If a FLH grant is desired, a statement concerning the need for a FLH grant.
The statement should include preliminary estimates of the rents required with
and without a grant.

(9) A statement of the applicant's experience in operating labor housing or
other rental housing. If the applicant's experience is limited, additional
information should be provided to indicate how the applicant plans to compensate
for this limited experience (i.e., obtaining assistance and advice of a
management firm, non-profit group, public agency, or other organization which is
experienced in rental management and will be available on a continuous basis).

(10) A brief statement explaining the applicant's proposed method of operation
and management (i.e., on-site manager, contract for management services, etc.).
As stated earlier in this Notice, the housing must be managed in accordance with
the program's management regulation, 7 CFR part 3560 and tenancy is limited to
"disabled domestic farm laborers," "domestic farm laborers," and "retired
domestic farm laborers," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.

(11) Applicants must also provide:

(i) A copy of, or an accurate citation to, the special provisions of State law
under which they are organized, a copy of the applicant's charter, Articles of
Incorporation, and by-laws;

(ii) The names, occupations, and addresses of the applicant's members,
directors, and officers; and

(iii) If a member or subsidiary of another organization, the organization's
name, address, and nature of business.

(12) A preliminary market survey or market study to identify the supply and
demand for farm labor housing in the market area. The market area must be
clearly identified and may include only the area from which tenants can
reasonably be drawn for the proposed project. Documentation must be provided to
justify a need within the intended market area for the housing of "domestic farm
laborers," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. The documentation must take into account
disabled and retired farm workers. The preliminary survey should address or
include the following items:

(i) The annual income level of farmworker families in the area and the probable
income of the farm workers who will likely occupy the proposed housing;

(ii) A realistic estimate of the number of farm workers who remain in the area
where they harvest and the number of farm workers who normally migrate into the
area. Information on migratory workers should indicate the average number of
months the migrants reside in the area and an indication of what type of family
groups are represented by the migrants (i.e., single individuals as opposed to
families);

(iii) General information concerning the type of labor intensive crops grown in
the area and prospects for continued demand for farm laborers;

(iv) The overall occupancy rate for comparable rental units in the area and the
rents charged and customary rental practices for these units (i.e., will they
rent to large families, do they require annual leases, etc.);

(v) The number, condition, adequacy, rental rates and ownership of units
currently used or available to farm workers;

(vi) A description of the units proposed, including the number, type, size,
rental rates, amenities such as carpets and drapes, related facilities such as a
laundry room or community room and other facilities providing supportive
services in connection with the housing and the needs of the prospective tenants
such as a health clinic or day care facility, estimated development timeline,
estimated TDC, and applicant contribution; and

(vii) The applicant must also identify all other sources of funds, including the
dollar amount, source, and commitment status. (Note:A Section 516 grant may not
exceed 90 percent of the TDC of the housing.)

(13) The applicant must submit a checklist, certification, and signed affidavit
by the project architect or engineer, as applicable, for any energy programs
listed in Section IV the applicant intends to participate in.

(14) The following forms are required:

(i) A completed Form RD 1940-20, "Request for Environmental Information," and a
description of anticipated environmental issues or concerns. The form can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1940-20.PDF.

(ii) A prepared HUD Form 935.2A, "Affirmative Fair Housing Marketing Plan (AFHM)
Multi-Family Housing," in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.203(c). The plan will
reflect that occupancy is open to all qualified "domestic farm laborers,"
regardless of which farming operation they work and that they will not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, disability, marital or
familial status or National origin in regard to the occupancy or use of the
units. The form can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=935-2a.PDF.

(iii) A proposed operating budget utilizing Form RD 3560-7, "Multiple Family
Housing Project Budget/Utility Allowanc e," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-7.PDF.

(iv) An estimate of development cost utilizing Form RD 1924-13, "Estimate and
Certificate of Actual Cost," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1924-13.PDF.

(v) Form RD 3560-30, "Certification of no Identity of Interest (IOI)," can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-30.PDF and
Form RD 3560-31, "Identity of Interest Disclosure/Qualification Certification,"
can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-31.PDF.

(vi) Form HUD 2530, "Previous Participation Certification," can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=2530.pdf.

(vii) If requesting RA or Operating Assistance, Form RD 3560-25, "Initial
Request for Rental Assistance or Operating Assistance," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-25.PDF.

(viii) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD400-4.PDF.
Applicants for revitalization, repair, and rehabilitation funding are to apply
through the Multifamily Housing Preservation and Revitalization (MPR)
Demonstration Program.

(ix) Evidence of compliance with Executive Order 12372. The applicant must send
a copy of Form SF-424,"Application for Federal Assistance", to the applicant's
State clearinghouse for intergovernmental review. If the applicant is located in
a State that does not have a clearinghouse, the applicant is not required to
submit the form. Applications from Federally recognized Indian tribes are not
subject to this requirement.

(15) Evidence of site control, such as an option contract or sales contract. In
addition, a map and description of the proposed site, including the availability
of water, sewer, and utilities and the proximity to community facilities and
services such as shopping, schools, transportation, doctors, dentists, and
hospitals.

(16) Preliminary plans and specifications, including plot plans, building
layouts, and type of construction and materials. The housing must meet Rural
Development's design and construction standards contained in 7 CFR part 1924,
subparts A and C and must also meet all applicable Federal, State, and local
accessibility standards.

(17) A supportive services plan, which describes services that will be provided
on-site or made available to tenants through cooperative agreements with service
providers in the community, such as a health clinic or day care facility.
Off-site services must be accessible and affordable to farm workers and their
families. Letters of intent from service providers are acceptable documentation
at the pre-application stage.

(18) A sources and uses statement which shows all sources of funding included in
the proposed project. The terms and schedules of all sources included in the
project should be included in the sources and uses statement.

(19) A separate one-page information sheet listing each of the "Pre-Application
Scoring Criteria," contained in this Notice, followed by a reference to the page
numbers of all relevant material and documentation that is contained in the
proposal that supports the criteria.

(20) Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to include a checklist of all
of the pre-application requirements and to have their pre-application indexed
and tabbed to facilitate the review process;

(21) Evidence of compliance with the requirements of the applicable State
Housing Preservation Office (SHPO), and/or Tribal Historic Preservation Officer
(THPO). A letter from the SHPO and/or THPO where the off-farm labor housing
project is located, signed by their designee will serve as evidence of
compliance.
D. Pre-Application Review Information

1. Selection Criteria. Section 514 FLH loan funds and Section 516 FLH grant
funds will be distributed to States based on a national competition, as follows:

(a) Rural Development State Office will accept, review, and score
pre-applications in accordance with this Notice. The scoring factors are:

(1) The presence of construction cost savings, including donated land and
construction leverage assistance, for the units that will serve program-eligible
tenants. The savings will be calculated as a percentage of the Rural Development
TDC. The percentage calculation excludes any costs prohibited by Rural
Development as loan expenses, such as a developer's fee. Construction cost
savings includes, but is not limited to, funds for hard construction costs, and
State or Federal funds which are applicable to construction costs. A minimum of
10 percent cost savings is required to earn points; however, if the total
percentage of cost savings is less than 10 percent and the proposal includes
donated land, two points will be awarded for the donated land. To count as cost
savings for purposes of the selection criteria, the applicant must submit
written evidence from the third-party funder that an application for those funds
has been submitted and accepted points will be awarded in accordance with the
following table using rounding to the nearest whole number.
Percentage Points
75 or more 20
60-74 18
50-59 16
40-49 12
30-39 10
20-29 8
10-19 5
0-9 0

(2) The presence of operational cost savings, such as tax abatements, non-Rural
Development tenant subsidies or donated services are calculated on a per-unit
cost savings for the sum of the savings. Savings must be available for at least
5 years and documentation must be provided with the application demonstrating
the availability of savings for 5 years. To calculate the savings, take the
total amount of savings and divide it by the number of units in the project that
will benefit from the savings to obtain the per unit cost savings. For non-Rural
Development tenant subsidy, if the value changes during the 5 year calculation,
the applicant must use the lower of the non-Rural Development tenant subsidy to
calculate per unit cost savings. For example, a 10-unit property with 100
percent designated farm labor housing units receiving $20,000 per year non-Rural
Development subsidy yields a cost savings of $100,000 ($20,000 × 5 years);
resulting to a $10,000 per-unit cost savings ($100,000/10 units).

Use the following table to apply points:
Per-unit cost savings Points
Above $15,000 50
$10,001-$15,000 35
$7,501-$10,000 20
$5,001-$7,500 15
$3,501-$5,000 10
$2,001-$3,500 5
$1,000-$2,000 2

(3) Percent of units for seasonal, temporary, migrant housing. (10 points for up
to and including 50 percent of the units; 20 points for 51 percent or more units
used for seasonal, temporary, or migrant housing.)

(4) Additional 10 points will be awarded to projects in persistent poverty
counties. A county is considered persistently poor if 20 percent or more of its
population was living in poverty over the last 30 years (measured by the 1980,
1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-year
estimates).

(5) Presence of tenant services.

(i) Up to 25 points will be awarded based on the presence of and extent to which
a tenant services plan exists that clearly outlines services that will be
provided to the residents of the proposed project. These services may include,
but are not limited to, transportation related services, on-site English as a
Second Language (ESL) classes, move-in funds, emergency assistance funds,
homeownership counseling, food pantries, after school tutoring, and computer
learning centers.

(ii) Two points will be awarded for each resident service included in the tenant
services plan up to a maximum of 10 points. Plans must detail how the services
are to be administered, who will administer them, and where they will be
administered. All tenant service plans must include letters of intent that
clearly state the service that will be provided at the project for the benefit
of the residents from any party administering each service, including the
applicant.

(6) Energy Initiative Scoring Points (maximum 70 points).

Properties may receive points for energy initiatives in the categories of energy
conservation, energy generation, water conservation and green
propertymanagement. Depending on the scope of work (SOW), properties may earn
"energy initiative" points (up to a maximum of 70 points) in either one of two
categories: (1) New Construction or (2) Purchase and Rehabilitation of an
Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building. Projects will be eligible for one
category of the two, but not both.

Energy programs including LEED for Homes, Green Communities, etc., will each
have an initial checklist indicating prerequisites for participation in its
energy program. The applicable energy program checklist will establish whether
prerequisites for the energy program's participation will be met. All checklists
must be accompanied by a signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer
stating that the goals are achievable. In addition, projects that apply for
points under the energy generation category must include calculations of savings
of energy. Compare property energy usage of three scenarios: (1) Property built
to required code of State with no renewables, to (2) property as-designed with
commitments to stated energy conservation programs without the use of renewables
and (3) property as-designed with commitments to stated energy conservation
programs and the use of proposed renewables. Use local average metrics for
weather and utility costs and detail savings in kWh and dollars. Provide payback
calculations. These calculations must be done by a licensed engineer or
credentialed renewable energy provider. Include with application, the
provider/engineer's credentials including qualifications, recommendations, and
proof of previous work. The checklist, affidavit, calculations and
qualifications of engineer/energy provider must be submitted together with the
loan application.

Enrollment in EPA Portfolio Manager Program. All projects awarded scoring points
for energy initiatives must enroll the project in the EPA Portfolio Manager
program to track post-construction energy consumption data. More information
about this program may be found at:
http://www.energystar.gov/buildings/facility-owners-and-managers/existing-buildi
ngs/use-portfolio-manager.

(i) Energy Conservation for New Construction or Purchase and Rehabilitation of
an Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building (maximum 55 points). Projects may be
eligible for up to 55 points when the pre-application includes a written
certification by the applicant to participate in the following energy efficiency
programs.

The points will be allocated as follows:

Participation in the EPA's Energy Star for Homes V3 program. (20 points)
http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=bldrs_lenders_raters.pt_bldr.

OR

Participation in the Green Communities program by the Enterprise Community
Partners. (30 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities.

OR

Participation in one of the following two programs will be awarded points for
certification.

Note:Each program has four levels of certification. State the level of
certification that the applicant plans will achieve in their certification:

LEED for Homes program by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC):
http://www.usgbc.org.

-- Certified Level (30 points), OR

-- Silver Level (35 points), OR

-- Gold Level (40 points), OR

-- Platinum Level (45 points).

Applicant must state the level of certification that the applicant's plans will
achieve in their certification in its pre-application.

OR

Home Innovation's and The National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) ICC 700
National Green Building Standard TM: http://www.nahb.org/.

-- Green-Bronze Level (30 points), OR

-- Silver Level (35 points), OR

-- Gold Level (40 points), OR

-- Emerald Level (45 points).

Applicant must state the level of certification that the applicant's plans will
achieve in their certification in its pre-application.

AND

Participation in the Department of Energy's Zero Energy Ready program. (8
points) http://www.energy.gov/eere/buildings/zero-energy-ready-home.

AND

Participation in local green/energy efficient building standards. Applicants who
participate in a city, county or municipality program, will receive an
additional 2 points.

(ii) Energy Conservation for Rehabilitation (maximum 55 points).
Pre-applications for the purchase and rehabilitation of non-program MFH and
related facilities in rural areas may be eligible to receive 55 points when the
pre-application includes a written certification by the applicant to participate
in one of the following energy efficiency programs. Again, the certification
must be accompanied by a signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer
stating that the goals are achievable. Points will be award as follows:

Participation in the Green Communities program by the Enterprise Community
Partners (53 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities. At least 30 percent of the points needed to qualify for the Green
Communities program must be earned under the Energy Efficiency section of Green
Communities.

AND

Participation in local green/energy efficient building standards.

Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality program, will
receive an additional 2 points. The applicant should be aware of and look for
additional requirements that are sometimes embedded in the third-party program's
rating and verification systems. (2 points)

(iii) Energy Generation (maximum 7 points). Pre-applications for new
construction or purchase and rehabilitation of non-program multi-family projects
which participate in the above mentioned programs and receive at least 20 points
in the point allocations above are eligible to earn additional points for
installation of on-site renewable energy sources. Energy analysis of preliminary
building plans using industry-recognized simulation software must document the
projected total energy consumption of all of the building components and
building site usage. Projects with an energy analysis of the preliminary or
rehabilitation building plans that propose a 10 percent to 100 percent energy
generation commitment (where generation is considered to be the total amount of
energy needed to be generated on-site to make the building a net-zero consumer
of energy) will be awarded points as follows:

0 to 9 percent commitment to energy generation receives 0 points;
    (b) 10 to 20 percent commitment to energy generation receives 1 point;
    (c) 21 to 40 percent commitment to energy generation receives 2 points;
    (d) 41 to 60 percent commitment to energy generation receives 3 points;
    (e) 61 to 80 percent commitment to energy generation receives 4 points; and
    (f) 81-100 percent or more commitment to energy generation receives 5
points.

Projects may participate in Power Purchase Agreements or Solar Leases to achieve
their on-site renewable energy generation goals provided that thefinancial
obligations of the lease/purchase agreements are clearly documented and included
in the application, and qualifying ratios continue to be achieved.

An additional (2) points will be awarded for off-grid systems, or elements of
systems, provided that at least 5 percent of on-site renewable system is
off-grid. See www.dsireusa.org for State and local specific incentives and
regulations of energy initiatives.

(iv) Water Conservation in Irrigation Measures (maximum 3 points). Projects may
be awarded 3 points for the use of an engineered recycled water (gray water or
storm water) for landscape irrigation covering 50 percent or more of the
property's site landscaping needs.

(v) Property Management Credentials (maximum 5 points). Projects may be awarded
an additional 5 points if the designated property management company or
individuals that will assume maintenance and operations responsibilities upon
completion of construction work have a Credential for Green Property Management.
Credentialing can be obtained from the National Apartment Association (NAA),
National Affordable Housing Management Association, The Institute for Real
Estate Management, U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design for Operations and Maintenance (LEED OM), or another source
with a certifiable credentialing program. Credentialing must be illustrated in
the resume(s) of the property management team and included with the
pre-application.

The National Office will rank all pre-applications nationwide and distribute
funds to States in rank order, within funding and RA limits. When proposals have
an equal score, preference will be given first to Indian tribes as defined in §
3560.11 and then local non-profit organizations or public bodies whose principal
purposes include low-income housing that meet the conditions of § 3560.55(c) and
the following conditions:

Is exempt from Federal income taxes under section 501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) of the
Internal Revenue code;
    Is not wholly or partially owned or controlled by a for-profit or
limited-profit type entity;
    Whose members, or the entity, do not share an identity of interest with a
for-profit or limited-profit type entity;
    Is not co-venturing with another entity; and
    The entity or its members will not be receiving any direct or indirect
benefits pursuant to Low Income Housing Tax Credits.

If there are two or more applications that have the same score and both cannot
be funded, a lottery in accordance with 7 CFR 3560.56(c)(2) will be used to
break the tie. If insufficient funds or RA remain for the next ranked proposal,
that applicant will be given a chance to modify their pre-application to bring
it within remaining funding levels. This will be repeated for each next ranked
eligible proposal until an award can be made or the list is exhausted.

Rural Development will notify all applicants whether their applications have
been accepted or rejected and provide appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11, as
appropriate.
E. Federal Award Administration Information
1. Federal Award Notices

Loan applicants must submit their initial applications by the due date specified
in this Notice. Once the applications have been scored and ranked by the
National Office, the National Office will advise State Offices of the proposals
selected for further processing, State Offices will respond to applicants by
letter.

If the application is not accepted for further processing, the applicant will be
notified of appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11.
2. Administrative and National Policy

All Farm Labor Housing loans and grants are subject to the restrictive-use
provisions contained in 7 CFR 3560.72(a)(2).
3. Reporting

Borrowers must maintain separate financial records for the operation and
maintenance of the project and for tenant services. Tenant services will not be
funded by Rural Development. Funds allocated to the operation and maintenance of
the project may not be used to supplement the cost of tenant services, nor may
tenant service funds be used to supplement the project operation and
maintenance. Detailed financial reports regarding tenant services will not be
required unless specifically requested by Rural Development, and then only to
the extent necessary for Rural Development and the borrower to discuss the
affordability (and competitiveness) of the service provided to the tenant. The
project audit, or verification of accounts on Form RD 3560-10, "Borrower Balance
Sheet," together with an accompanying Form RD 3560-7, "Multiple Family Housing
Project Budget Utility Allowance,"[showing actual,] must allocate revenue and
expense between project operations and the service component.
F. Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Requirements

Borrowers and applicants will comply with the provisions of 7 CFR 3560.2. All
housing must meet the accessibility requirements found at 7 CFR 3560.60(d). All
applicants must submit or have on file a valid Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity
Agreement," and Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)

If you wish to file an employment complaint, you must contact your Agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at: http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, any USDA office, or call
(866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all
of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form or
letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 720-7442 or email at: program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means ofcommunication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: March 17, 2015.
Tony Hernandez,
Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.
[FR Doc. 2015-06863 Filed 3-24-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                8 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Funding Availability: Section 514 Farm Labor Housing Loans and Section 516 Farm
Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year 2016

LENGTH: 7660  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



 Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Rural Housing Service (RHS) announces the timeframe to submit
pre-applications for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing (FLH) loans and Section 516
FLH grants for the construction of new off-farm FLH units and related facilities
for domestic farm laborers and for the purchase and substantial rehabilitation
of an existing non-FLH property. The intended purpose of these loans and grants
is to increase the number of available housing units for domestic farm laborers.
This Notice describes the method used to distribute funds, the application
process, and submission requirements.





 RHS will publish on its Web site, http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants, the amount of funding available in FY
2016 based on current appropriations.



 The Agency will assign additional points to pre-applications for projects based
in or serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20
percent over the last 30 years. This emphasis will support Rural Development's
mission of improving the quality of life for rural Americans and commitment to
directing resources to those who most need them.

 Dates



 The deadline for receipt of all applications in response to this Notice is 5:00
p.m., local time to the appropriate Rural Development State Office on April 12,
2016. Rural Development will not consider any application that is received after
the deadline unless the date and time is extended by another Notice published in
the Federal Register. Applicants intending to mail applications must provide
sufficient time to permit delivery on or before the deadline. Acceptance by a
post office or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX) and
postage due applications will not be accepted.

 Addresses



 Applicants wishing to submit an application in response to this Notice must
contact the Rural Development State Office serving the State of the proposed
off-FLH project in order to receive further information and copies of the
application package. You may find the addresses and contact information for each
State Office following this web link,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will date and
time stamp incoming applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon request,
will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of receipt.

 For Further Information Contact



 Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation
and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1263-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone: (202) 720-1753
(this is not a toll free number), or via email: mirna.reyesbible@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Housing Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: NOSA for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing Loans and
Section 516 Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-Farm Housing for Fiscal Year 2016.




 Announcement Type: Solicitation of pre-applications from qualified applicants
for FY 2016.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Numbers (CFDA): 10.405 and 10.427.



 Due Date for Applications: April 12, 2016.

 A. Federal Award Description



 Pre-applications will only be accepted through the date and time listed in this
Notice. All awards are subject to availability of funding. Individual requests
may not exceed $3 million (total loan and grant).



 No State may receive more than 30 percent of available FLH funding available in
FY 2016. If there are insufficient applications from around the country to
exhaust Sections 514/516 funds available, the Agency may then exceed the 30
percent cap per State. Section 516 off-farm FLH grants may not exceed 90 percent
of the total development cost (TDC) of the housing as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.



 If leveraged funds are going to be used and are in the form of tax credits, the
applicant must include in its pre-application written evidence that a tax credit
application has been submitted and accepted by the Housing Finance Agency (HFA).
All applications that will receive any leveraged funds must have firm
commitments in place within 12 months of the issuance of a "Notice of
Pre-application Review Action," Handbook Letter 103 (3560). Applicants without
written evidence that a tax credit application has been submitted and accepted
by the HFA must certify in writing they will apply for tax credits to the HFA
and obtain a firm commitment within 12 months of the issuance of a "Notice of
Pre-application Review Action."



 Rental Assistance (RA) and operating assistance will be available for new
construction in FY 2016. Operating assistance is explained at 7 CFR 3560.574 and
may be used in lieu of tenant-specific RA in off-FLH projects that serve migrant
farm workers as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11, that are financed under Section 514 or
Section 516 (h) of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484 and
1486(h) respectively), and otherwise meet the requirements of 7 CFR 3560.574.

 B. Eligibility Information

 1. Eligibility



 Housing Eligibility--Housing that is constructed with FLH loans and/or grants
must meet Rural Development's design and construction standards contained in 7
CFR part 1924, subparts A and C. Once constructed, off-farm FLH must be managed
in accordance with 7 CFR part 3560. In addition, off-farm FLH must be operated
on a non-profit basis and tenancy must be open to all qualified domestic farm
laborers, regardless at which farm they work. Section 514(f)(3) of the Housing
Act of 1949, as amended (42 U.S.C. 1484(f)(3)) defines domestic farm laborers to
include any person regardless of the person's source of employment, who receives
a substantial portion of his or her income from the primary production of
agricultural or aqua cultural commodities in the unprocessed or processed stage,
and also includes the person's family.



 Tenant Eligibility--Tenant eligibility is limited to persons who meet the
definition of a "disabled domestic farm laborer," or a "domestic farm laborer,"
or "retired domestic farm laborer," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. Farm workers
who are admitted to this country on a temporary basis under the Temporary
Agricultural Workers (H-2A Visa) program are not eligible to occupy Sections
514/516 off-farm FLH.



 Applicant Eligibility--



 (a) To be eligible to receive a Section 516 grant for off-farm FLH, the
applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including community and
faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of farm workers, a
Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or political subdivision of a State
or local Government, or a public agency (such as a housing authority). The
applicant must be able to contribute at least one-tenth of the TDC from
non-Rural Development resources which can include leveraged funds.



 (b) To be eligible to receive a Section 514 loan for off-farm FLH, the
applicant must be a broad-based non-profit organization, including community and
faith-based organizations, a non-profit organization of farm workers, a
Federally recognized Indian tribe, an agency or political subdivision of a State
or local Government, a public agency (such as a housing authority), or a limited
partnership which has a non-profit entity as its general partner, and



 (i) Be unable to provide the necessary housing from its own resources;



 (ii) Except for State or local public agencies and Indian tribes, be unable to
obtain similar credit elsewhere at rates that would allow for rents within the
payment ability of eligible residents.



 (iii) Broad-based non-profit organizations must have a membership that reflects
a variety of interests in the area where the housing will be located.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching--Section 516 grants for off-farm FLH may not exceed
90 percent of the TDC as provided in 7 CFR 3560.562(c)(1).



 3. Other Requirements--The following requirements apply to loans and grants
made in response to this Notice:



 (a) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E, regarding equal opportunity requirements;



 (b) For grants only, 2 CFR parts 200 and 400, which establishes the uniform
administrative and audit requirements for grants and cooperative agreements to
State and local Governments and to non-profit organizations;



 (c) 7 CFR part 1901, subpart F, regarding historical and archaeological
properties;



 (d) 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G, regarding environmental assessments;



 (e) 7 CFR part 3560, subpart L, regarding the loan and grant authorities of the
off-farm FLH program;



 (f) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart A, regarding planning and performing construction
and other development;



 (g) 7 CFR part 1924, subpart C, regarding the planning and performing of site
development work;



 (h) For construction financed with a Section 516 grant, the provisions of the
Davis-Bacon Act (40 U.S.C. 276(a)-276(a)-5) and implementing regulations
published at 29 CFR parts 1, 3, and 5;



 (i) All other requirements contained in 7 CFR part 3560, regarding the Sections
514/516 off-farm FLH programs; and



 (j) Please note that grant applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and maintain registration in the
Central Contractor Registration (CCR) prior to submitting a pre-application
pursuant to 2 CFR 25.200(b). In addition, an entity applicant must maintain
registration in the CCR database at all times during which it has an active
Federal award or an application or plan under construction by the Agency.
Similarly, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report
information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation in accordance
with 2 CFR part 170. So long as an entity applicant does not have an exception
under 2 CFR 170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary processes and
systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements should the applicant
receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

 C. Application and Submission Information

 1. Pre-Application Submission



 The application process will be in two phases: The initial pre-application (or
proposal) and the submission of a final application. Only those pre-applications
or proposals that are selected for further processing will be invited to submit
final applications. In the event that a proposal is selected for further
processing and the applicant declines, the next highest ranked unfunded
pre-application may be selected for further processing. All pre-applications for
Sections 514 and 516 funds must be filed with the appropriate Rural Development
State Office and must meet the requirements of this Notice. Incomplete
pre-applications will not be reviewed and will be returned to the applicant. No
pre-application will be accepted after the deadline unless date and time are
extended by another Notice published in the Federal Register.



 Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the FLH
Pre-Application form found at http:// or in hard copy to the appropriate Rural
Development Office where the project will be located. Follow the link for the RD
Office address for requesting and submitting pre-application at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateofficeAddresses.html. Applicants are strongly
encouraged, but not required, to submit the pre-application electronically. The
electronic form contains a button labeled "Send Form." By clicking on the
button, the applicant will see an email message window with an attachment that
includes the electronic form the applicant filled out as a data file with a .pdf
extension. In addition, an auto-reply acknowledgement will be sent to the
applicant when the electronic Loan Proposal form is received by the Agency
unless the sender has software that will block the receipt of the auto-reply
email. The State Office will record pre-applications received electronically by
the actual date and time when all attachments are received at the State Office.



 Submission of the electronic Section 514 Loan Proposal form does not constitute
submission of the entire proposal package which requires additional forms and
supporting documentation as listed within this Notice. You may use one of the
following three options for submitting the entire proposal package comprising of
all required forms and documents. On the Loan Proposal form you can indicate the
option you will be using to submit each required form and document.



 (a) Electronic Media Option. Submit all forms and documents as read-only Adobe
Acrobat files on electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each
electronic device submitted, the applicant should include a Table of Contents of
all documents and forms on that device. The electronic media should be submitted
to the Rural Development State Office listed in this Notice where the property
is located. Any forms and documents that are not sent electronically, including
the check for credit reports, must be mailed to the Rural Development State
Office.



 (b) Email Option. On the Loan Proposal form you will be asked for a submission
email address. This email address will be used to establish a folder on the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) server with your unique email address. Once the
Loan Proposal form is processed, you will receive an additional email notifying
you of the email address that you can use to email your forms and documents.
Please Note: All forms and documents must be emailed from the same submission
email address. This will ensure that all forms and documents that you send will
be stored in the folder assigned to that email address. Any forms and documents
that are not sent in via the email option must be submitted on an electronic
media or in hard copy form to the Rural Development State Office.



 (c) Hard Copy Submission to the Rural Development State Office. If you are
unable to send the proposal package electronically using either of the options
listed above, you may send a hard copy of all forms and documents to the Rural
Development State Office where the property is located. Hard copy
pre-applications received on or before the deadline date will receive the close
of business time of the day received as the receipt time. Hard copy
pre-applications must be received by the submission deadline and no later than
5:00 p.m., local time, April 12, 2016. Assistance for filing electronic and hard
copy pre-applications can be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.



 For electronic submissions, there is a time delay between the time it is sent
and the time it is received depending on network traffic. As a result,
last-minute submissions sent before the deadline date and time could well be
received after the deadline date and time because of the increased network
traffic. Applicants are reminded that all submissions received after the
deadline date and time will be rejected, regardless of when they were sent.



 If a pre-application is accepted for further processing, the applicant must
submit a complete, final application, acceptable to Rural Development prior to
the obligation of Rural Development funds. If the pre-application is not
accepted for further processing the applicant will be notified of appeal rights
under 7 CFR part 11.

 2. Pre-Application Requirements



 (a) The pre-application must contain the following:



 (1) A summary page listing the following items. This information should be
double-spaced between items and not be in narrative form.



 (i) Applicant's name.



 (ii) Applicant's Taxpayer Identification Number.



 (iii) Applicant's address.



 (iv) Applicant's telephone number.



 (v) Name of applicant's contact person, telephone number, and address.



 (vi) Amount of loan and/or grant requested.



 (vii) For grants of Federal financial assistance (including loans and grants,
cooperative agreements, etc.), the applicant's Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number and registration in the CCR database in
accordance with 2 CFR part 25. As required by the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), all grant applicants must provide a DUNS number when applying for
Federal grants, on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS
number at no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free number at (866) 705-5711 or
via the Internet at: http://www.dnb.com/. Additional information concerning this
requirement can be obtained on the Grants.gov Web site at www.grants.gov.
Similarly, applicants may register for the CCR at:
https://www.uscontractorregistration.com/ or by calling (877) 252-2700.



 (2) Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained in an
appropriation in FY 2016 that funds FLH.



 (3) A narrative verifying the applicant's ability to meet the eligibility
requirements stated earlier in this Notice. If an applicant is selected for
further processing, Rural Development will require additional documentation as
set forth in a Conditional Commitment in order to verify the entity has the
legal and financial capability to carry out the obligation of the loan.



 (4) Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance," can be obtained
at: http://www.grants.gov or from any Rural Development State Office listed in
Section VII of this Notice.



 (5) For loan pre-applications, current (within 6 months of pre-application
date) financial statements with the following paragraph certified by the
applicant's designated and legally authorized signer:



 "I/we certify the above is a true and accurate reflection of our financial
condition as of the date stated herein. This statement is given for the purpose
of inducing the United States of America to make a loan or to enable the United
States of America to make a determination of continued eligibility of the
applicant for a loan as requested in the loan application of which this
statement is a part."



 (6) For loan pre-applications, a check for $24 from applicants made out to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture. This will be used to pay for credit reports
obtained by Rural Development.



 (7) Evidence that the applicant is unable to obtain credit from other sources.
Letters from credit institutions which normally provide real estate loans in the
area should be obtained and these letters should indicate the rates and terms
upon which a loan might be provided. (Note: Not required from State or local
public agencies or Indian tribes.)



 (8) If a FLH grant is desired, a statement concerning the need for a FLH grant.
The statement should include preliminary estimates of the rents required with
and without a grant.



 (9) A statement of the applicant's experience in operating labor housing or
other rental housing. If the applicant's experience is limited, additional
information should be provided to indicate how the applicant plans to compensate
for this limited experience (i.e., obtaining assistance and advice of a
management firm, non-profit group, public agency, or other organization which is
experienced in rental management and will be available on a continuous basis).



 (10) A brief statement explaining the applicant's proposed method of operation
and management (i.e., on-site manager, contract for management services, etc.).
As stated earlier in this Notice, the housing must be managed in accordance with
the program's management regulation, 7 CFR part 3560 and tenancy is limited to
"disabled domestic farm laborers," "domestic farm laborers," and "retired
domestic farm laborers," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11.



 (11) Applicants must also provide:



 (i) A copy of, or an accurate citation to, the special provisions of State law
under which they are organized, a copy of the applicant's charter, Articles of
Incorporation, and by-laws;



 (ii) The names, occupations, and addresses of the applicant's members,
directors, and officers; and



 (iii) If a member or subsidiary of another organization, the organization's
name, address, and nature of business.



 (12) A preliminary market survey or market study to identify the supply and
demand for farm labor housing in the market area. The market area must be
clearly identified and may include only the area from which tenants can
reasonably be drawn for the proposed project. Documentation must be provided to
justify a need within the intended market area for the housing of "domestic farm
laborers," as defined in 7 CFR 3560.11. The documentation must take into account
disabled and retired farm workers. The preliminary survey should address or
include the following items:



 (i) The annual income level of farmworker families in the area and the probable
income of the farm workers who will likely occupy the proposed housing;



 (ii) A realistic estimate of the number of farm workers who remain in the area
where they harvest and the number of farm workers who normally migrate into the
area. Information on migratory workers should indicate the average number of
months the migrants reside in the area and an indication of what type of family
groups are represented by the migrants (i.e., single individuals as opposed to
families);



 (iii) General information concerning the type of labor intensive crops grown in
the area and prospects for continued demand for farm laborers;



 (iv) The overall occupancy rate for comparable rental units in the area and the
rents charged and customary rental practices for these units (i.e., will they
rent to large families, do they require annual leases, etc.);



 (v) The number, condition, adequacy, rental rates and ownership of units
currently used or available to farm workers;



 (vi) A description of the units proposed, including the number, type, size,
rental rates, amenities such as carpets and drapes, related facilities such as a
laundry room or community room and other facilities providing supportive
services in connection with the housing and the needs of the prospective tenants
such as a health clinic or day care facility, estimated development timeline,
estimated TDC, and applicant contribution; and



 (vii) The applicant must also identify all other sources of funds, including
the dollar amount, source, and commitment status. (Note: A Section 516 grant may
not exceed 90 percent of the TDC of the housing.)



 (13) The applicant must submit a checklist, certification, and signed affidavit
by the project architect or engineer, as applicable, for any energy programs
listed in Section IV the applicant intends to participate in.



 (14) The following forms are required:



 (i) A completed Form RD 1940-20, "Request for Environmental Information," and a
description of anticipated environmental issues or concerns. The form can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1940-20.PDF.



 (ii) A prepared HUD Form 935.2A, "Affirmative Fair Housing Marketing Plan
(AFHM) Multi-Family Housing," in accordance with 7 CFR 1901.203(c). The plan
will reflect that occupancy is open to all qualified "domestic farm laborers,"
regardless of which farming operation they work and that they will not
discriminate on the basis of race, color, sex, age, disability, marital or
familial status or National origin in regard to the occupancy or use of the
units. The form can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=935-2a.PDF.



 (iii) A proposed operating budget utilizing Form RD 3560-7, "Multiple Family
Housing Project Budget/Utility Allowanc e," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-7.PDF.



 (iv) An estimate of development cost utilizing Form RD 1924-13, "Estimate and
Certificate of Actual Cost," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD1924-13.PDF.



 (v) Form RD 3560-30, "Certification of no Identity of Interest (IOI)," can be
found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-30.PDF and
Form RD 3560-31, "Identity of Interest Disclosure/Qualification Certification,"
can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-31.PDF.



 (vi) Form HUD 2530, "Previous Participation Certification," can be found at:
http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/documents/huddoc?id=2530.pdf.



 (vii) If requesting RA or Operating Assistance, Form RD 3560-25, "Initial
Request for Rental Assistance or Operating Assistance," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD3560-25.PDF.



 (viii) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," can be found at:
http://forms.sc.egov.usda.gov/efcommon/eFileServices/eForms/RD400-4.PDF.
Applicants for revitalization, repair, and rehabilitation funding are to apply
through the Multifamily Housing Preservation and Revitalization (MPR)
Demonstration Program.



 (ix) Evidence of compliance with Executive Order 12372. The applicant must send
a copy of Form SF-424, "Application for Federal Assistance", to the applicant's
State clearinghouse for intergovernmental review. If the applicant is located in
a State that does not have a clearinghouse, the applicant is not required to
submit the form. Applications from Federally recognized Indian tribes are not
subject to this requirement.



 (15) Evidence of site control, such as an option contract or sales contract. In
addition, a map and description of the proposed site, including the availability
of water, sewer, and utilities and the proximity to community facilities and
services such as shopping, schools, transportation, doctors, dentists, and
hospitals.



 (16) Preliminary plans and specifications, including plot plans, building
layouts, and type of construction and materials. The housing must meet Rural
Development's design and construction standards contained in 7 CFR part 1924,
subparts A and C and must also meet all applicable Federal, State, and local
accessibility standards.



 (17) A supportive services plan, which describes services that will be provided
on-site or made available to tenants through cooperative agreements with service
providers in the community, such as a health clinic or day care facility.
Off-site services must be accessible and affordable to farm workers and their
families. Letters of intent from service providers are acceptable documentation
at the pre-application stage.



 (18) A sources and uses statement which shows all sources of funding included
in the proposed project. The terms and schedules of all sources included in the
project should be included in the sources and uses statement.



 (19) A separate one-page information sheet listing each of the "Pre-Application
Scoring Criteria," contained in this Notice, followed by a reference to the page
numbers of all relevant material and documentation that is contained in the
proposal that supports the criteria.



 (20) Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to include a checklist of all
of the pre-application requirements and to have their pre-application indexed
and tabbed to facilitate the review process;



 (21) Evidence of compliance with the requirements of the applicable State
Housing Preservation Office (SHPO), and/or Tribal Historic Preservation Officer
(THPO). A letter from the SHPO and/or THPO where the off-farm labor housing
project is located, signed by their designee will serve as evidence of
compliance.

 D. Pre-Application Review Information



 1. Selection Criteria. Section 514 FLH loan funds and Section 516 FLH grant
funds will be distributed to States based on a national competition, as follows:




 (a) Rural Development State Office will accept, review, and score
pre-applications in accordance with this Notice. The scoring factors are:



 (1) The presence of construction cost savings, including donated land and
construction leverage assistance, for the units that will serve program-eligible
tenants. The savings will be calculated as a percentage of the Rural Development
TDC. The percentage calculation excludes any costs prohibited by Rural
Development as loan expenses, such as a developer's fee. Construction cost
savings includes, but is not limited to, funds for hard construction costs, and
State or Federal funds which are applicable to construction costs. A minimum of
10 percent cost savings is required to earn points; however, if the total
percentage of cost savings is less than 10 percent and the proposal includes
donated land, two points will be awarded for the donated land. To count as cost
savings for purposes of the selection criteria, the applicant must submit
written evidence from the third-party funder that an application for those funds
has been submitted and accepted points will be awarded in accordance with the
following table using rounding to the nearest whole number.

    Percentage    Points

 75 or more    20

 60-74    18

 50-59    16

 40-49    12

 30-39    10

 20-29    8

 10-19    5

 0-9    0



 (2) The presence of operational cost savings, such as tax abatements, non-Rural
Development tenant subsidies or donated services are calculated on a per-unit
cost savings for the sum of the savings. Savings must be available for at least
5 years and documentation must be provided with the application demonstrating
the availability of savings for 5 years. To calculate the savings, take the
total amount of savings and divide it by the number of units in the project that
will benefit from the savings to obtain the per unit cost savings. For non-Rural
Development tenant subsidy, if the value changes during the 5 year calculation,
the applicant must use the lower of the non-Rural Development tenant subsidy to
calculate per unit cost savings. For example, a 10-unit property with 100
percent designated farm labor housing units receiving $20,000 per year non-Rural
Development subsidy yields a cost savings of $100,000 ($20,000 × 5 years);
resulting to a $10,000 per-unit cost savings ($100,000/10 units).



 Use the following table to apply points:

    Per-unit cost savings    Points

 Above $15,000    50

 $10,001-$15,000    35

 $7,501-$10,000    20

 $5,001-$7,500    15

 $3,501-$5,000    10

 $2,001-$3,500    5

 $1,000-$2,000    2



 (3) Percent of units for seasonal, temporary, migrant housing. (10 points for
up to and including 50 percent of the units; 20 points for 51 percent or more
units used for seasonal, temporary, or migrant housing.)



 (4) Additional 10 points will be awarded to projects in persistent poverty
counties. A county is considered persistently poor if 20 percent or more of its
population was living in poverty over the last 30 years (measured by the 1980,
1990 and 2000 decennial censuses and 2007-2011 American Community Survey 5-year
estimates).



 (5) Presence of tenant services.



 (i) Up to 25 points will be awarded based on the presence of and extent to
which a tenant services plan exists that clearly outlines services that will be
provided to the residents of the proposed project. These services may include,
but are not limited to, transportation related services, on-site English as a
Second Language (ESL) classes, move-in funds, emergency assistance funds,
homeownership counseling, food pantries, after school tutoring, and computer
learning centers.



 (ii) Two points will be awarded for each resident service included in the
tenant services plan up to a maximum of 10 points. Plans must detail how the
services are to be administered, who will administer them, and where they will
be administered. All tenant service plans must include letters of intent that
clearly state the service that will be provided at the project for the benefit
of the residents from any party administering each service, including the
applicant.



 (6) Energy Initiative Scoring Points (maximum 70 points)



 Properties may receive points for energy initiatives in the categories of
energy conservation, energy generation, water conservation and green property
management. Depending on the scope of work (SOW), properties may earn "energy
initiative" points (up to a maximum of 70 points) in either one of two
categories: 1) New Construction or 2) Purchase and Rehabilitation of an Existing
Non-Farm Labor Housing Building. Projects will be eligible for one category of
the two, but not both.



 Energy programs including LEED for Homes, Green Communities, etc., will each
have an initial checklist indicating prerequisites for participation in its
energy program. The applicable energy program checklist will establish whether
prerequisites for the energy program's participation will be met. All checklists
must be accompanied by a signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer
stating that the goals are achievable and the project has been enrolled in these
programs if enrollment is applicable to that program. In addition, projects that
apply for points under the energy generation category must include calculations
of savings of energy. Compare property energy usage of three scenarios: (1)
Property built to required code of State with no renewables, to (2) property
as-designed with commitments to stated energy conservation programs without the
use of renewables and (3) property as-designed with commitments to stated energy
conservation programs and the use of proposed renewables. Use local average
metrics for weather and utility costs and detail savings in kWh and dollars.
Provide payback calculations. These calculations must be done by a licensed
engineer or credentialed renewable energy provider. Include with application,
the provider/engineer's credentials including qualifications, recommendations,
and proof of previous work. The checklist, affidavit, calculations and
qualifications of engineer/energy provider must be submitted together with the
loan application.



 Enrollment in EPA Portfolio Manager Program. All projects awarded scoring
points for energy initiatives must enroll the project in the EPA Portfolio
Manager program to track post-construction energy consumption data. More
information about this program may be found at:
http://www.energystar.gov/buildings/facility-owners-and-managers/existing-buildi
ngs/use-portfolio-manager.



 (i) Energy Conservation for New Construction or Purchase and Rehabilitation of
an Existing Non-Farm Labor Housing Building (maximum 55 points). Projects may be
eligible for up to 55 points when the pre-application includes a written
certification by the applicant to participate and achieve certification in the
following energy efficiency programs.



 The points will be allocated as follows:



     Participation in the EPA's Energy Star for Homes V3 program. (20 points)
http://www.energystar.gov/index.cfm?c=bldrs_lenders_raters.pt_bldr.



 OR



     Participation in the Green Communities program by the Enterprise Community
Partners. (30 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities.



 OR



     Participation in one of the following two programs will be awarded points
for certification.



 Note: Each program has four levels of certification. State the level of
certification that the applicant plans will achieve in their certification:



     LEED for Homes program by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC):
http://www.usgbc.org.



 --Certified Level (30 points), OR



 --Silver Level (35 points), OR



 --Gold Level (40 points), OR



 --Platinum Level (45 points)



 Applicant must state the level of certification that the applicant's plans will
achieve in their certification in its pre-application.



 OR



     Home Innovation's and The National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) ICC
700 National Green Building Standard TM: http://www.nahb.org/.



 --Green-Bronze Level (30 points), OR



 --Silver Level (35 points), OR



 --Gold Level (40 points), OR



 --Emerald Level (45 points).



 Applicant must state the level of certification that the applicant's plans will
achieve in their certification in its pre-application.



 AND



     Participation in the Department of Energy's Zero Energy Ready program. (8
points) http://www.energy.gov/eere/buildings/zero-energy-ready-home.



 AND



     Participation in local green/energy efficient building standards.
Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality program, will
receive an additional 2 points.



 (ii) Energy Conservation for Rehabilitation (maximum 55 points).
Pre-applications for the purchase and rehabilitation of non-program MFH and
related facilities in rural areas may be eligible to receive 55 points when the
pre-application includes a written certification by the applicant to participate
in one of the following energy efficiency programs. Again, the certification
must be accompanied by a signed affidavit by the project architect or engineer
stating that the goals are achievable. Points will be award as follows:



     Participation in the Green Communities program by the Enterprise Community
Partners (53 points)
http://www.enterprisecommunity.com/solutions-and-innovation/enterprise-green-com
munities. At least 30 percent of the points needed to qualify for the Green
Communities program must be earned under the Energy Efficiency section of Green
Communities.



 AND



     Participation in local green/energy efficient building standards.
Applicants who participate in a city, county or municipality program, will
receive an additional 2 points. The applicant should be aware of and look for
additional requirements that are sometimes embedded in the third-party program's
rating and verification systems. (2 points)



 (iii) Energy Generation (maximum 7 points). Pre-applications for new
construction or purchase and rehabilitation of non-program multi-family projects
which participate in the above mentioned programs and receive at least 20 points
in the point allocations above are eligible to earn additional points for
installation of on-site renewable energy sources. Energy analysis of preliminary
building plans using industry-recognized simulation software must document the
projected total energy consumption of all of the building components and
building site usage. Projects with an energy analysis of the preliminary or
rehabilitation building plans that propose a 10 percent to 100 percent energy
generation commitment (where generation is considered to be the total amount of
energy needed to be generated on-site to make the building a net-zero consumer
of energy) will be awarded points as follows:



     0 to 9 percent commitment to energy generation receives 0 points

     10 to 20 percent commitment to energy generation receives 1 point

     21 to 40 percent commitment to energy generation receives 2 points

     41 to 60 percent commitment to energy generation receives 3 points

     61 to 80 percent commitment to energy generation receives 4 points

     81-100 percent or more commitment to energy generation receives 5 points



 Projects may participate in Power Purchase Agreements or Solar Leases to
achieve their on-site renewable energy generation goals provided that the
financial obligations of the lease/purchase agreements are clearly documented
and included in the application, and qualifying ratios continue to be achieved.



 An additional (2) points will be awarded for off-grid systems, or elements of
systems, provided that at least 5 percent of on-site renewable system is
off-grid. See www.dsireusa.org for State and local specific incentives and
regulations of energy initiatives.



 (iv) Water Conservation in Irrigation Measures (maximum 3 points). Projects may
be awarded 3 points for the use of an engineered recycled water (gray water or
storm water) for landscape irrigation covering 50 percent or more of the
property's site landscaping needs.



 (v) Property Management Credentials (maximum 5 points). Projects may be awarded
an additional 5 points if the designated property management company or
individuals that will assume maintenance and operations responsibilities upon
completion of construction work have a Credential for Green Property Management.
Credentialing can be obtained from the National Apartment Association (NAA),
National Affordable Housing Management Association, the Institute for Real
Estate Management, U.S. Green Building Council's Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design for Operations and Maintenance (LEED OM), or another source
with a certifiable credentialing program. Credentialing must be illustrated in
the resume(s) of the property management team and included with the
pre-application.



 The National Office will rank all pre-applications nationwide and distribute
funds to States in rank order, within funding and RA limits. When proposals have
an equal score, preference will be given first to Indian tribes as defined in §
3560.11 and then local non-profit organizations or public bodies whose principal
purposes include low-income housing that meet the conditions of § 3560.55(c) and
the following conditions:



     Is exempt from Federal income taxes under section 501(c)(3) or 501(c)(4) of
the Internal Revenue code;

     Is not wholly or partially owned or controlled by a for-profit or
limited-profit type entity;

     Whose members, or the entity, do not share an identity of interest with a
for-profit or limited-profit type entity;

     Is not co-venturing with another entity; and

     The entity or its members will not be receiving any direct or indirect
benefits pursuant to Low Income Housing Tax Credits.



 If there are two or more applications that have the same score and both cannot
be funded, a lottery in accordance with 7 CFR 3560.56(c)(2) will be used to
break the tie. If insufficient funds or RA remain for the next ranked proposal,
that applicant will be given a chance to modify their pre-application to bring
it within remaining funding levels. This will be repeated for each next ranked
eligible proposal until an award can be made or the list is exhausted.



 Rural Development will notify all applicants whether their applications have
been accepted or rejected and provide appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11, as
appropriate.

 E. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 Loan applicants must submit their initial applications by the due date
specified in this Notice. Once the applications have been scored and ranked by
the National Office, the National Office will advise State Offices of the
proposals selected for further processing, State Offices will respond to
applicants by letter.



 If the application is not accepted for further processing, the applicant will
be notified of appeal rights under 7 CFR part 11.

 2. Administrative and National Policy



 All Farm Labor Housing loans and grants are subject to the restrictive-use
provisions contained in 7 CFR 3560.72(a) (2).

 3. Reporting



 Borrowers must maintain separate financial records for the operation and
maintenance of the project and for tenant services. Tenant services will not be
funded by Rural Development. Funds allocated to the operation and maintenance of
the project may not be used to supplement the cost of tenant services, nor may
tenant service funds be used to supplement the project operation and
maintenance. Detailed financial reports regarding tenant services will not be
required unless specifically requested by Rural Development, and then only to
the extent necessary for Rural Development and the borrower to discuss the
affordability (and competitiveness) of the service provided to the tenant. The
project audit, or verification of accounts on Form RD 3560-10, "Borrower Balance
Sheet," together with an accompanying Form RD 3560-7, "Multiple Family Housing
Project Budget Utility Allowance," must allocate revenue and expense between
project operations and the service component.

 F. Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Requirements



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program. Political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARTET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at:
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of a complaint form, call,
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email at: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Exceptions to Including the Full USDA Non-Discrimination Statement.



 If the size of the material to too small to include the full statement, the
material will at a minimum, include the following statement in print in the same
size as the text:



 "USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender." Where
appropriate, a recipient may state:



 "This institution in an equal opportunity provider."

 Dated: January 4, 2016.

 Tony Hernandez,

 Administrator, Housing and Community Facilities Programs.

 [FR Doc. 2016-00483 Filed 1-12-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                9 of 9 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS - January 29, 2016

LENGTH: 1812 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 The Army & Air Force Exchange Service has announced that local contractor, RNV
Construction, has been awarded a $2.8 million contract for expansion of the
troop store at the Army Reserve Center on Saipan. The 1,120 square-foot store
will be expanded to 5,000 square-feet. Construction is expected to be complete
by December 2016. I have been working on improving the store since my first term
in Congress.

A study I included in the 2011 National Defense Authorization Act determined the
project to be viable, but the expansion was delayed for over two years, while a
team from the U.S. Navy made sure there was no unexploded ordnance on the site.
The existing store, which serves nearly 4,000 active and reserve service
members, retirees, and their families is small, deteriorating, and in need of a
major overhaul. Our service members, veterans, and their families deserve better
and can finally look forward to a new and improved AAFES Troop Store on Saipan
opening soon.The Northern Mariana Islands and other U.S. insular areas will be
able to achieve savings in their drug expenditures for Medicaid patients as a
result of a final rule published by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
Services last week. The rule revises the definition of "state" to include Puerto
Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa and the Northern Marianas. It
also addresses changes made to Medicaid Drug Rebate Program by the Affordable
Care Act, or Obamacare. Changes to rebate percentages in the Affordable Care Act
will increase Medicaid rebates being paid to federal, state, and non-state
governments by manufacturers of covered outpatient drugs, including higher cost
brand name drugs. See CMS for more information.EPA releases new guide for
healthier school renovations.



 With Typhoon Soudelor repairs underway, the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency's new manual on best practices for protecting children's health and
minimizing environmental health risks is most timely. The manual includes an
overview of potential environmental hazards that may emerge during school
renovations, such as exposure to lead, asbestos, mold, mercury, and radon, and
offers guidance for avoiding exposure, as well as a review of regulations and
resources available to schools. The Sensible Guide to Healthier School
Renovations can be found online at
http://www.epa.gov/schools/sensible-guide-healthier-school-renovations.High
school students: Become a Junior Statesman.



 Now is the time for high school students to apply to attend the Junior
Statesman summer program at Stanford University, Princeton University, or
Georgetown University. Students are schooled in civic engagement, leadership,
and political studies, while getting a feel for the life and work in college.
Those who apply by February 28, 2016 will be automatically considered for one of
the four scholarships set aside for the Northern Marianas. The scholarship
covers tuition, room and board, and transportation costs. For more information,
and to apply, visit http://summer.jsa.org. Complete applications include an
online account, two essays, a letter of recommendation from a teacher, and a
current transcript. Transcripts can be emailed directly to JSA Territory Program
Director Ed Banayat at ebayanat@jsa.org All other parts of the application may
be completed online.

 Opportunities - Federal grants, jobs for and in the Marianas:



 Grants:



     Single Family Housing Repair Loans & Grants - This program provides loans
to very-low-income homeowners to repair, improve and or modernize their homes or
grants to elderly very-low-income homeowners to remove health and safety
hazards. Because of land alienation issues in the NMI, qualified applicants are
limited to unsecured loans of up to $7,499. Qualified applicants age 62 and
older may also apply for grant funding of up to $7,500. Applications will be
processed in the order they are received. No deadline applies. For more
information, go to
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/single-family-housing-repair-loans-
grants/hi and click here.

     SMART FY 16 Support for Adam Walsh Act Implementation Grant Program - The
Program assists jurisdictions with developing and/or enhancing programs designed
to implement requirements of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act
(SORNA). The SMART Office is interested in proposals that facilitate, enhance
and maintain jurisdictional implementation of SORNA. Closing date is April 7,
2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=281058.

     National Coastal Wetlands Conservation Grant Program - The NCWCG program
provides states with financial assistance to protect and restore coastal
environments. Projects can include: 1. acquisition of a real property interest
(e.g., conservation easement or fee title) in coastal lands or waters (coastal
wetlands ecosystems) from willing sellers or partners for long-term
conservation; 2. restoration, enhancement, or management of coastal wetlands
ecosystems; or 3. a combination of acquisition, restoration, and management.
Closing date is June 29, 2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.
gov/web/grants/view-opportunity.html?oppId=281103.

     Presidential Awards for Excellence in Science, Mathematics and Engineering
(STEM) Mentoring - The STEM program recognizes individuals for their mentoring
of persons from historically underrepresented racial and ethnic groups, women,
persons with disabilities, and persons from disadvantaged socioeconomic
backgrounds. Any U.S. citizen or permanent resident who has done exemplary,
measurable mentoring in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM)
fields over a sustained 5 year period is eligible for nomination. Closing date
is June 17, 2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=281097.

     OVW FY 2016 Training and Services to End Violence Against Women with
Disabilities Grant Program - Disability Grant Program funds programs that
establish and strengthen multidisciplinary collaborative relationships; increase
organizational capacity to provide accessible, safe, and effective services to
individuals with disabilities and deaf individuals who are victims of violence
and abuse; and identify needs within the grantee's organization and/or service
area, and develop a plan to address those identified needs that builds a strong
foundation for future work. Closing date is March 10, 2016. For more
information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=281165.

     Federal Planning Assistance for Broadband and Sustainable Community
Development - Cool & Connected - USDA Rural Utilities Service encourages
communities interested in using broadband service to help revitalize small-town
main streets and promote economic development to apply for Cool & Connected, a
pilot program sponsored by USDA Rural Utilities Service and the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency Office of Sustainable Communities. Closing date
for letters of interest is February 24, 2016. For more information, click here.

     Farm Labor Housing Direct Loans & Grants - USDA Rural Development is
soliciting applications for Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants. The programs
provide affordable financing for the development of housing for domestic farm
laborers. Housing may be constructed in rural and urban areas with a
demonstrated need. Approved applicants receive a 1 percent fixed rate with up to
a 33-year payback period. Funding is available on a first-come, first-served
basis. Pre-applications packages may be obtained at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/FLH_Preapplication_FY2016.pdf. Pre-applications are
due by 5 p.m. April 12 to the Hawaii State Office. Pre-applications may be
submitted to USDA Rural Development, Room 311, Federal Building, 154 Waianuenue
Ave., Hilo, HI 96720. For more information, call (808) 933-8300 or go to
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/farm-labor-housing-direct-loans-grants/
hi.



 Jobs:



     Transportation Security Officer - The Transportation Security
Administration, Department of Homeland Security is accepting applications for a
Transportation Security Officer in Saipan. Incumbent will operate various
screening equipment and technology, perform searches and screening, control
terminal entry and exit points, interact with public, maintain focus and
awareness in a stressful environment, engage in development of critical thinking
skills, and retain and implement knowledge of all applicable Standard Operating
Procedures. Position is open until February 2, 2016. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/427535500.

     Loan Adjuster - The Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for
TWO Loss Adjusters; one for Saipan and the other for Rota. A Loss Adjuster is an
independent contractor who will visit farms for the purpose of inspecting,
measuring and appraising agricultural crops. Positions are open until February
8, 2016. For inquiries, please call 671-300-8550. Applications can be accessed
at https://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fm_ct_001_02212014.pdf.



 Highlights in the Legislative Program:



 THIS WEEK:



     Votes were postponed this week due to inclement weather.



 NEXT WEEK:



 On the floor



     Complete Consideration of H.R.3662 - Iran Terror Finance Transparency



     Consideration of the Veto Message on H.R.3762 - Restoring Americans'
Healthcare Freedom Act



     H.R.2187 - Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act



     H.R.3784 - SEC Small Business Advocate Act of 2016



     H.R.4168 - Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Act



     Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R.515 - International Megan's Law to
Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification
of Traveling Sex Offenders



     H.R.400 - Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Affairs Contracting Act



     Concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R.4188 - Coast Guard Authorization Act
of 2015



     H.R.3700 - Housing Opportunity Through Modernization Act of 2015



     H.R.1675 - Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2015



 Committee Hearings



 February 2



     Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans Legislative Hearing



     Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs Oversight Hearing
on "The Need for the Establishment of a Puerto Rico Financial Stability and
Economic Growth Authority"



     Committee on Education and Workforce Full Committee Markup



 February 3



     Committee on Education and the Workforce Hearing on "Expanding Educational
Opportunity Through School Choice"



     Committee on Natural Resources Full Committee Markup



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
