
                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Collins, King Announce $124,000 in Rural Development Grants

LENGTH: 247  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Angus King, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Susan Collins and Angus King today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture has awarded Maine three grants totaling $124,000 for
rural development projects.

"These USDA grants are critical to providing our rural communities with
important resources and services that might otherwise have been unaffordable,"
Senators Collins and King said in a joint statement. "This funding will help
support our local economies, foster improved environmental stewardship, and
improve the safety of community spaces."

The recipient and award amounts are as follows:

Bloomfield Academy in Skowhegan was awarded a $50,000 Economic Impact Initiative
grant to install a fire suppression system in the Skowhegan Free Public Library.

The Region Two School of Applied Technology in Houlton was awarded a $24,000
Economic Impact Initiative grant to convert the school's heating system from oil
to pellets in order support the local forest products industry and reduce its
overall carbon footprint.

The Quoddy Tides Foundation in Eastport was awarded a $50,000 Economic Impact
Initiative grant to renovate the Holmes Building in downtown Eastport. The
project will create a studio space for local and visiting artists and provide
accommodations for those seeking to utilize the community's cultural and
educational services.

For further information please visit: http://www.king.senate.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Projects in four Maine towns receive USDA Rural Development funding totaling
$654,935

LENGTH: 472 words


BANGOR, Maine -- USDA Rural Development is issuing funding totaling $654,935 for
four community projects in Maine:


â[#x20ac]¢ The Bingham Union Library will receive a $16,300 Economic Impact
Initiative Grant for energy and accessibility improvements. Renovations include
a new heating system, insulation and handicapped parking. The library serves the
towns of Bingham, Moscow, Pleasant Ridge Plantation, Central Somerset County and
Caratunk. The library has a long history of providing service to the community.
In 1856, a group of women organized the Bingham-Corcord-Moscow Circulation
Library and books were kept in several places around the town. In 1920, the
Library Association was established by a committee of the Century Club, a
women's club dedicated to bringing cultural programs to the area. Today the
library not only provides traditional library services, but plays an important
role in IT connection for many rural residents in the community.


â[#x20ac]¢ The Indian Township Passamaquoddy Reservation in Princeton will
receive a $37,600 Economic Impact Initiative Grant to construct a sand and salt
storage shed. This project is needed to protect the sand and salt necessary for
road maintenance and safety during the winter months, as well as to protect
environmental resources located around the sand and salt. Currently the sand and
salt is not covered, and salt is leaching to the surrounding area and killing
the vegetation. More groundwater may be contaminated, causing additional
environmental problems if the issue is not corrected.


â[#x20ac]¢ Aroostook Dental Clinic Inc. in Presque Isle will receive a $17,535
Economic Impact Initiative Grant to purchase a new dental and operating chair,
computer server and phone system for their dental clinic.


â[#x20ac]¢ The Pleasant Point Passamaquoddy Reservation in Perry will receive a
$583,500 Water and Waste Disposal Grant to replace existing sewer lines and a
pump station. The sewer lines and pump station to be replaced have reached the
end of their useful life and have failed in the past. This project will improve
the collection system and reduce infiltration and inflow, providing
environmental benefits and improved Tribal sewer services.


USDA Rural Development has area offices in Presque Isle, Bangor, Lewiston and
Scarborough as well as a state office located in Bangor. There are 63 employees
working to deliver the agency's housing, business and community programs, which
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents and farmers and improve the quality of life in rural Maine. USDA Rural
Development invested a total of $402.5 million in Maine communities last fiscal
year. Information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's website at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant in Chester County

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to the Chester County Industrial Development Authority for road
infrastructure improvements of Washington Lane, a traffic thoroughfare in Valley
and Sadsbury Townships.

The Economic Growth Initiative grant addresses a number of public safety issues
and is intended to improve traffic patterns for Chester County residents, as
well as government and corporate entities along Washington Lane. One of the
corporate entities, Sikorsky Global Helicopters, Inc. is currently evaluating
the expansion of its existing helicopter manufacturing operations. Currently, to
reach the Chester County Airport for operational testing, the company's
helicopters must leave the facility and perform a low hover to the airport, a
procedure that occurs several times a day.  This requires closure of both ends
of Washington Lane to reduce risks to traffic using the road.  These closures
affect nearby residents and area businesses.

The road is also utilized by the National Guard.  It is the main egress point
from the National Guard's deployment center, should the Guard be deployed in a
state of emergency.

"We are building a stronger Pennsylvania through smart investments supporting
companies and communities," Gov. Corbett said.  "Partnering with job creators
like Sikorsky is a prime example of business working with the community to
identify barriers to growth and to develop solutions that will result in
positive economic impact for all."

The proposed road infrastructure improvements would allow vehicular traffic to
continue on Washington Lane and support the movement of flight-ready helicopters
at ground level in order to cross into Chester County Airport's controlled
environment.  The project also positions Sikorsky for possible future expansion.

The proposed project is expected to result in an estimated $5 million in capital
investment and create a positive economic impact. It is anticipated to create,
retain and support more than 5,900 jobs for the region.

"Sikorsky appreciates this grant eligibility and the improvements it could bring
to the safety and efficiency of our operations, as well as to the general
public," said Shane Eddy, Senior Vice President, Operations, Sikorsky Aircraft.
"We thank Governor Corbett and the Chester County Industrial Development
Authority for their support in selecting us to pursue this grant."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant in Chester County

LENGTH: 686  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

overnor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to the Chester County Industrial Development Authority for road
infrastructure improvements of Washington Lane, a traffic thoroughfare in Valley
and Sadsbury Townships.

The Economic Growth Initiative grant addresses a number of public safety issues
and is intended to improve traffic patterns for Chester County residents, as
well as government and corporate entities along Washington Lane. One of the
corporate entities, Sikorsky Global Helicopters, Inc. is currently evaluating
the expansion of its existing helicopter manufacturing operations. Currently, to
reach the Chester County Airport for operational testing, the company's
helicopters must leave the facility and perform a low hover to the airport, a
procedure that occurs several times a day.  This requires closure of both ends
of Washington Lane to reduce risks to traffic using the road.  These closures
affect nearby residents and area businesses.

The road is also utilized by the National Guard.  It is the main egress point
from the National Guard's deployment center, should the Guard be deployed in a
state of emergency.

"We are building a stronger Pennsylvania through smart investments supporting
companies and communities," Gov. Corbett said.  "Partnering with job creators
like Sikorsky is a prime example of business working with the community to
identify barriers to growth and to develop solutions that will result in
positive economic impact for all."

The proposed road infrastructure improvements would allow vehicular traffic to
continue on Washington Lane and support the movement of flight-ready helicopters
at ground level in order to cross into Chester County Airport's controlled
environment.  The project also positions Sikorsky for possible future expansion.

The proposed project is expected to result in an estimated $5 million in capital
investment and create a positive economic impact. It is anticipated to create,
retain and support more than 5,900 jobs for the region.

"Sikorsky appreciates this grant eligibility and the improvements it could bring
to the safety and efficiency of our operations, as well as to the general
public," said Shane Eddy, Senior Vice President, Operations, Sikorsky Aircraft.
"We thank Governor Corbett and the Chester County Industrial Development
Authority for their support in selecting us to pursue this grant."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant in Chester County

LENGTH: 663  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. All Rights Reserved. has issued the following news
release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to the Chester County Industrial Development Authority for road
infrastructure improvements of Washington Lane, a traffic thoroughfare in Valley
and Sadsbury Townships.

The Economic Growth Initiative grant addresses a number of public safety issues
and is intended to improve traffic patterns for Chester County residents, as
well as government and corporate entities along Washington Lane. One of the
corporate entities, Sikorsky Global Helicopters, Inc. is currently evaluating
the expansion of its existing helicopter manufacturing operations. Currently, to
reach the Chester County Airport for operational testing, the company's
helicopters must leave the facility and perform a low hover to the airport, a
procedure that occurs several times a day.  This requires closure of both ends
of Washington Lane to reduce risks to traffic using the road.  These closures
affect nearby residents and area businesses.

The road is also utilized by the National Guard.  It is the main egress point
from the National Guard's deployment center, should the Guard be deployed in a
state of emergency.

"We are building a stronger Pennsylvania through smart investments supporting
companies and communities," Gov. Corbett said.  "Partnering with job creators
like Sikorsky is a prime example of business working with the community to
identify barriers to growth and to develop solutions that will result in
positive economic impact for all."

The proposed road infrastructure improvements would allow vehicular traffic to
continue on Washington Lane and support the movement of flight-ready helicopters
at ground level in order to cross into Chester County Airport's controlled
environment.  The project also positions Sikorsky for possible future expansion.

The proposed project is expected to result in an estimated $5 million in capital
investment and create a positive economic impact. It is anticipated to create,
retain and support more than 5,900 jobs for the region.

"Sikorsky appreciates this grant eligibility and the improvements it could bring
to the safety and efficiency of our operations, as well as to the general
public," said Shane Eddy, Senior Vice President, Operations, Sikorsky Aircraft.
"We thank Governor Corbett and the Chester County Industrial Development
Authority for their support in selecting us to pursue this grant."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information please visit: http://www.newpa.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant in Chester County

LENGTH: 663  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. All Rights Reserved. has issued the following news
release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to the Chester County Industrial Development Authority for road
infrastructure improvements of Washington Lane, a traffic thoroughfare in Valley
and Sadsbury Townships.

The Economic Growth Initiative grant addresses a number of public safety issues
and is intended to improve traffic patterns for Chester County residents, as
well as government and corporate entities along Washington Lane. One of the
corporate entities, Sikorsky Global Helicopters, Inc. is currently evaluating
the expansion of its existing helicopter manufacturing operations. Currently, to
reach the Chester County Airport for operational testing, the company's
helicopters must leave the facility and perform a low hover to the airport, a
procedure that occurs several times a day.  This requires closure of both ends
of Washington Lane to reduce risks to traffic using the road.  These closures
affect nearby residents and area businesses.

The road is also utilized by the National Guard.  It is the main egress point
from the National Guard's deployment center, should the Guard be deployed in a
state of emergency.

"We are building a stronger Pennsylvania through smart investments supporting
companies and communities," Gov. Corbett said.  "Partnering with job creators
like Sikorsky is a prime example of business working with the community to
identify barriers to growth and to develop solutions that will result in
positive economic impact for all."

The proposed road infrastructure improvements would allow vehicular traffic to
continue on Washington Lane and support the movement of flight-ready helicopters
at ground level in order to cross into Chester County Airport's controlled
environment.  The project also positions Sikorsky for possible future expansion.

The proposed project is expected to result in an estimated $5 million in capital
investment and create a positive economic impact. It is anticipated to create,
retain and support more than 5,900 jobs for the region.

"Sikorsky appreciates this grant eligibility and the improvements it could bring
to the safety and efficiency of our operations, as well as to the general
public," said Shane Eddy, Senior Vice President, Operations, Sikorsky Aircraft.
"We thank Governor Corbett and the Chester County Industrial Development
Authority for their support in selecting us to pursue this grant."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information please visit: http://www.newpa.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant in Chester County

LENGTH: 720  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to the Chester County Industrial Development Authority for road
infrastructure improvements of Washington Lane, a traffic thoroughfare in Valley
and Sadsbury Townships.

The Economic Growth Initiative grant addresses a number of public safety issues
and is intended to improve traffic patterns for Chester County residents, as
well as government and corporate entities along Washington Lane. One of the
corporate entities, Sikorsky Global Helicopters, Inc. is currently evaluating
the expansion of its existing helicopter manufacturing operations. Currently, to
reach the Chester County Airport for operational testing, the company's
helicopters must leave the facility and perform a low hover to the airport, a
procedure that occurs several times a day.  This requires closure of both ends
of Washington Lane to reduce risks to traffic using the road.  These closures
affect nearby residents and area businesses.

The road is also utilized by the National Guard.  It is the main egress point
from the National Guard's deployment center, should the Guard be deployed in a
state of emergency.

"We are building a stronger Pennsylvania through smart investments supporting
companies and communities," Gov. Corbett said.  "Partnering with job creators
like Sikorsky is a prime example of business working with the community to
identify barriers to growth and to develop solutions that will result in
positive economic impact for all."

The proposed road infrastructure improvements would allow vehicular traffic to
continue on Washington Lane and support the movement of flight-ready helicopters
at ground level in order to cross into Chester County Airport's controlled
environment.  The project also positions Sikorsky for possible future expansion.

The proposed project is expected to result in an estimated $5 million in capital
investment and create a positive economic impact. It is anticipated to create,
retain and support more than 5,900 jobs for the region.

"Sikorsky appreciates this grant eligibility and the improvements it could bring
to the safety and efficiency of our operations, as well as to the general
public," said Shane Eddy, Senior Vice President, Operations, Sikorsky Aircraft.
"We thank Governor Corbett and the Chester County Industrial Development
Authority for their support in selecting us to pursue this grant."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Growth
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

pENNSYLVANIA: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant in Chester County

LENGTH: 720  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to the Chester County Industrial Development Authority for road
infrastructure improvements of Washington Lane, a traffic thoroughfare in Valley
and Sadsbury Townships.

The Economic Growth Initiative grant addresses a number of public safety issues
and is intended to improve traffic patterns for Chester County residents, as
well as government and corporate entities along Washington Lane. One of the
corporate entities, Sikorsky Global Helicopters, Inc. is currently evaluating
the expansion of its existing helicopter manufacturing operations. Currently, to
reach the Chester County Airport for operational testing, the company's
helicopters must leave the facility and perform a low hover to the airport, a
procedure that occurs several times a day.  This requires closure of both ends
of Washington Lane to reduce risks to traffic using the road.  These closures
affect nearby residents and area businesses.

The road is also utilized by the National Guard.  It is the main egress point
from the National Guard's deployment center, should the Guard be deployed in a
state of emergency.

"We are building a stronger Pennsylvania through smart investments supporting
companies and communities," Gov. Corbett said.  "Partnering with job creators
like Sikorsky is a prime example of business working with the community to
identify barriers to growth and to develop solutions that will result in
positive economic impact for all."

The proposed road infrastructure improvements would allow vehicular traffic to
continue on Washington Lane and support the movement of flight-ready helicopters
at ground level in order to cross into Chester County Airport's controlled
environment.  The project also positions Sikorsky for possible future expansion.

The proposed project is expected to result in an estimated $5 million in capital
investment and create a positive economic impact. It is anticipated to create,
retain and support more than 5,900 jobs for the region.

"Sikorsky appreciates this grant eligibility and the improvements it could bring
to the safety and efficiency of our operations, as well as to the general
public," said Shane Eddy, Senior Vice President, Operations, Sikorsky Aircraft.
"We thank Governor Corbett and the Chester County Industrial Development
Authority for their support in selecting us to pursue this grant."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Growth
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant in Chester County

LENGTH: 720  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to the Chester County Industrial Development Authority for road
infrastructure improvements of Washington Lane, a traffic thoroughfare in Valley
and Sadsbury Townships.

The Economic Growth Initiative grant addresses a number of public safety issues
and is intended to improve traffic patterns for Chester County residents, as
well as government and corporate entities along Washington Lane. One of the
corporate entities, Sikorsky Global Helicopters, Inc. is currently evaluating
the expansion of its existing helicopter manufacturing operations. Currently, to
reach the Chester County Airport for operational testing, the company's
helicopters must leave the facility and perform a low hover to the airport, a
procedure that occurs several times a day.  This requires closure of both ends
of Washington Lane to reduce risks to traffic using the road.  These closures
affect nearby residents and area businesses.

The road is also utilized by the National Guard.  It is the main egress point
from the National Guard's deployment center, should the Guard be deployed in a
state of emergency.

"We are building a stronger Pennsylvania through smart investments supporting
companies and communities," Gov. Corbett said.  "Partnering with job creators
like Sikorsky is a prime example of business working with the community to
identify barriers to growth and to develop solutions that will result in
positive economic impact for all."

The proposed road infrastructure improvements would allow vehicular traffic to
continue on Washington Lane and support the movement of flight-ready helicopters
at ground level in order to cross into Chester County Airport's controlled
environment.  The project also positions Sikorsky for possible future expansion.

The proposed project is expected to result in an estimated $5 million in capital
investment and create a positive economic impact. It is anticipated to create,
retain and support more than 5,900 jobs for the region.

"Sikorsky appreciates this grant eligibility and the improvements it could bring
to the safety and efficiency of our operations, as well as to the general
public," said Shane Eddy, Senior Vice President, Operations, Sikorsky Aircraft.
"We thank Governor Corbett and the Chester County Industrial Development
Authority for their support in selecting us to pursue this grant."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Growth
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant in Chester County

LENGTH: 720  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to the Chester County Industrial Development Authority for road
infrastructure improvements of Washington Lane, a traffic thoroughfare in Valley
and Sadsbury Townships.

The Economic Growth Initiative grant addresses a number of public safety issues
and is intended to improve traffic patterns for Chester County residents, as
well as government and corporate entities along Washington Lane. One of the
corporate entities, Sikorsky Global Helicopters, Inc. is currently evaluating
the expansion of its existing helicopter manufacturing operations. Currently, to
reach the Chester County Airport for operational testing, the company's
helicopters must leave the facility and perform a low hover to the airport, a
procedure that occurs several times a day.  This requires closure of both ends
of Washington Lane to reduce risks to traffic using the road.  These closures
affect nearby residents and area businesses.

The road is also utilized by the National Guard.  It is the main egress point
from the National Guard's deployment center, should the Guard be deployed in a
state of emergency.

"We are building a stronger Pennsylvania through smart investments supporting
companies and communities," Gov. Corbett said.  "Partnering with job creators
like Sikorsky is a prime example of business working with the community to
identify barriers to growth and to develop solutions that will result in
positive economic impact for all."

The proposed road infrastructure improvements would allow vehicular traffic to
continue on Washington Lane and support the movement of flight-ready helicopters
at ground level in order to cross into Chester County Airport's controlled
environment.  The project also positions Sikorsky for possible future expansion.

The proposed project is expected to result in an estimated $5 million in capital
investment and create a positive economic impact. It is anticipated to create,
retain and support more than 5,900 jobs for the region.

"Sikorsky appreciates this grant eligibility and the improvements it could bring
to the safety and efficiency of our operations, as well as to the general
public," said Shane Eddy, Senior Vice President, Operations, Sikorsky Aircraft.
"We thank Governor Corbett and the Chester County Industrial Development
Authority for their support in selecting us to pursue this grant."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Growth
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Northwood Anchor (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 28, 2010

Northwood receives grant funds for sirens

BYLINE: The Northwood Anchor staff

LENGTH: 233  words


It was recently announced by US Senator Chuck Grassley that the City of
Northwood has been awarded a grant for $4,650 by the US Department of

Agriculture, Office of Rural Development, through the Community Facility
Economic Impact

Initiative Grant program.

"This funding will help keep Northwood residents safe during severe weather,"

Grassley said.

The grant will be used to help the city purchase two new emergency warning
sirens, to replace outdated sirens and expand the area where the sirens will be
audible.

The sirens will be equipped with remote access capability, meaning that the
sirens will no longer be accessed via phone lines, saving the city the fees
involved.

The total cost of the sirens plus installation has been estimated at roughly
$25,000. The Northwood City Council had previously approved the purchase of the
sirens, with the City's share to be paid using casino funds.

The Community Facility Economic Impact Initiative Grant program provides grants
to eligible communities with populations under 20,000 to assist them with
projects that will provide an economic stimulus to their community.

Each year, thousands of local Iowa organizations, colleges and universities,
individuals and state agencies apply for competitive grants from the federal
government. The funding is then awarded based on each local organization or
individual's ability to meet criteria set by the federal entity.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWA

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 The Northwood Anchor


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Seniors in Clare County

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for Clare County
Senior Services, which serves nearly 80,000 meals per year through its Senior
Nutrition Program. The funding comes through the USDA's Rural Development
Community Facility and Economic Impact Initiative Grant programs, which fund
critical infrastructure within rural communities across the country. The funding
will be used to purchase new kitchen equipment for a newly-acquired Senior
Services Building.

"This organization is an important resource for seniors in Clare County," said
Stabenow. "Today's announcement is one example of the role that rural
development plays in helping rural communities maintain the quality of life
across Michigan."

Clare County Senior Services will receive a $7,650 grant through the USDA's
Rural Development Community Facility Grant program and a $14,850 grant through
the Economic Impact Initiative Grant program. Last summer, Senator Stabenow
announced funding for the purchase of the new Senior Services Building.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Seniors in Clare County

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for Clare County
Senior Services, which serves nearly 80,000 meals per year through its Senior
Nutrition Program. The funding comes through the USDA's Rural Development
Community Facility and Economic Impact Initiative Grant programs, which fund
critical infrastructure within rural communities across the country. The funding
will be used to purchase new kitchen equipment for a newly-acquired Senior
Services Building.

"This organization is an important resource for seniors in Clare County," said
Stabenow. "Today's announcement is one example of the role that rural
development plays in helping rural communities maintain the quality of life
across Michigan."

Clare County Senior Services will receive a $7,650 grant through the USDA's
Rural Development Community Facility Grant program and a $14,850 grant through
the Economic Impact Initiative Grant program. Last summer, Senator Stabenow
announced funding for the purchase of the new Senior Services Building.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Northern Michigan Police to Buy New
Police Vehicles

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Clare and
Standish Police Departments and Gladwin County Sheriff's Office. This funding
comes through the USDA's Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative Grant and
Community Facility Grant programs, which fund critical infrastructure in rural
communities across the country. The funds will be used to help the communities
purchase three new police vehicles.

"Police officers have to cover many miles to protect our families, homes, and
communities," said Stabenow. "These new police cars for Clare, Standish and
Gladwin County will help make sure there is always someone there to quickly
respond in an emergency."

Clare will receive $15,750 and Standish will receive $20,250 in Economic Impact
Initiative Grants. Gladwin County will receive $9,000 from the Community
Facility Grant program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Northern Michigan Police to Buy New
Police Vehicles

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Clare and
Standish Police Departments and Gladwin County Sheriff's Office. This funding
comes through the USDA's Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative Grant and
Community Facility Grant programs, which fund critical infrastructure in rural
communities across the country. The funds will be used to help the communities
purchase three new police vehicles.

"Police officers have to cover many miles to protect our families, homes, and
communities," said Stabenow. "These new police cars for Clare, Standish and
Gladwin County will help make sure there is always someone there to quickly
respond in an emergency."

Clare will receive $15,750 and Standish will receive $20,250 in Economic Impact
Initiative Grants. Gladwin County will receive $9,000 from the Community
Facility Grant program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Seniors in Clare County

LENGTH: 217  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for Clare County
Senior Services, which serves nearly 80,000 meals per year through its Senior
Nutrition Program. The funding comes through the USDA's Rural Development
Community Facility and Economic Impact Initiative Grant programs, which fund
critical infrastructure within rural communities across the country. The funding
will be used to purchase new kitchen equipment for a newly-acquired Senior
Services Building.

"This organization is an important resource for seniors in Clare County," said
Stabenow. "Today's announcement is one example of the role that rural
development plays in helping rural communities maintain the quality of life
across Michigan."

Clare County Senior Services will receive a $7,650 grant through the USDA's
Rural Development Community Facility Grant program and a $14,850 grant through
the Economic Impact Initiative Grant program. Last summer, Senator Stabenow
announced funding for the purchase of the new Senior Services Building.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Northern Michigan Police to Buy New
Police Vehicles

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Clare and
Standish Police Departments and Gladwin County Sheriff's Office. This funding
comes through the USDA's Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative Grant and
Community Facility Grant programs, which fund critical infrastructure in rural
communities across the country. The funds will be used to help the communities
purchase three new police vehicles.

"Police officers have to cover many miles to protect our families, homes, and
communities," said Stabenow. "These new police cars for Clare, Standish and
Gladwin County will help make sure there is always someone there to quickly
respond in an emergency."

Clare will receive $15,750 and Standish will receive $20,250 in Economic Impact
Initiative Grants. Gladwin County will receive $9,000 from the Community
Facility Grant program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Northern Michigan Police to Buy New
Police Vehicles

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Clare and
Standish Police Departments and Gladwin County Sheriff's Office. This funding
comes through the USDA's Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative Grant and
Community Facility Grant programs, which fund critical infrastructure in rural
communities across the country. The funds will be used to help the communities
purchase three new police vehicles.

"Police officers have to cover many miles to protect our families, homes, and
communities," said Stabenow. "These new police cars for Clare, Standish and
Gladwin County will help make sure there is always someone there to quickly
respond in an emergency."

Clare will receive $15,750 and Standish will receive $20,250 in Economic Impact
Initiative Grants. Gladwin County will receive $9,000 from the Community
Facility Grant program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Shuster Congratulates Saxton Borough on $52,600 Grant

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

U.S. Representative Bill Shuster (R-Hollidaysburg) announced that the Saxton
Borough has been awarded $52,600 in United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development funding. The funding, which is being provided by the
Community Facility Economic Impact Initiative, will be used to purchase a new
police cruiser and utility truck for the borough.

"This USDA grant will allow the borough to replace their 19 year old utility
vehicle and add a second cruiser to the police force," said Shuster. "The police
and borough employees play a crucial role in making Saxton a great place to live
and raise a family. I congratulate them on being rewarded this funding, and I am
confident that it will be put to good use."

The USDA's Community Facility Economic Impact Initiative program provides loans
and grants to assist in the development of community facilities in rural areas.
The grant funds can be used to construct and improve community facilities, which
may include the purchase of equipment required for a facility's operation.

Saxton Mayor Alan Smith said, "Saxton is grateful to Congressman Shuster for his
longstanding commitment and strong support for strengthening the infrastructure
of our entire community and equally recognizing the key role that responsive
local government service plays in enriching the health and safety of those who
visit or live in Saxton."

Saxton Borough will use the funding to purchase a new 2015 F-350 that will serve
as a maintenance vehicle for the borough and as a plow truck in the winter
season. The new police cruiser will provide additional patrol support, which
became necessary when Saxton recently took over protection duties for Liberty
Township as well.

For more information please visit: http://shuster.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Shuster Congratulates Saxton Borough on $52,600 Grant

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Bill Shuster, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Representative Bill Shuster (R-Hollidaysburg) announced that the Saxton
Borough has been awarded $52,600 in United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development funding. The funding, which is being provided by the
Community Facility Economic Impact Initiative, will be used to purchase a new
police cruiser and utility truck for the borough.

"This USDA grant will allow the borough to replace their 19 year old utility
vehicle and add a second cruiser to the police force," said Shuster. "The police
and borough employees play a crucial role in making Saxton a great place to live
and raise a family. I congratulate them on being rewarded this funding, and I am
confident that it will be put to good use."

The USDA's Community Facility Economic Impact Initiative program provides loans
and grants to assist in the development of community facilities in rural areas.
The grant funds can be used to construct and improve community facilities, which
may include the purchase of equipment required for a facility's operation.

Saxton Mayor Alan Smith said, "Saxton is grateful to Congressman Shuster for his
longstanding commitment and strong support for strengthening the infrastructure
of our entire community and equally recognizing the key role that responsive
local government service plays in enriching the health and safety of those who
visit or live in Saxton."

For further information please visit: http://shuster.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           September 18, 2012 Tuesday

Studies show the arts have economic impact;
The industry generates $66 million for local economy in 2011

BYLINE: Charlie Patton

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 385 words


Advocates often argue supporting the arts is important because a thriving
culture makes a city a more attractive place to live.

But a series of annual studies by the Northeast Florida Center for Community
Initiatives at the University of North Florida have found that the arts also
helps Jacksonville's economy.

The 2011 report, released Monday, found that Jacksonville's nonprofit arts and
culture industry generated more than $66 million for the local economy.

The study measured the economic contributions of 22 nonprofit organizations that
received funding from the city's Cultural Service Grant program. The report was
commissioned by the Cultural Council of Greater Jacksonville, which administers
the grant program.

The city provides $2.85 million to arts organizations in the current fiscal
year.

For 2011, the groups getting city money reported total expenditures of about $33
million, primarily for salaries and benefits for employees, rent, advertising
and artistic fees.

Using a multiplier developed by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, the center
put the economic impact at about $66 million.

During the 11 years the economic study has been done, it has found a cumulative
impact of $710 million for Jacksonville that organizations receiving money from
the city's grant program have generated, said Jeffry Will, director of the
Northeast Florida Center for Community Initiatives.

"Clearly, the arts provide a strong return on the public dollar," Will said.

Robert Arleigh White, the Cultural Council's executive director, said he thinks
the positive effect arts organizations have on the city's economy is understood
by most City Council members. But he said he isn't sure that it's understood by
the general public.

"The economic impact is huge to our city," said Aly Korman Shelton, chairman of
the Cultural Council's board.

Besides generating revenue, cultural organizations also serve as crucial
attractions in drawing new business to the city, she said.

"The arts are a big passion for a lot of CEOs," she said.

The study found that in 2011, the arts organizations that received money through
the Cultural Council provided 238 full-time jobs, 339 part-time jobs, and 365
independent contract positions.

They paid more than $1.7 million in sales, property and payroll taxes.

Charlie Patton: (904) 359-4413

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Kuster Announces $40,000 in USDA Rural Development Grants to Support Seniors in
Grafton County

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Ann Mclane Kuster, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Congresswoman Annie Kuster (NH-02) today announced $40,000 in grant funding from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program to the Grafton
County Senior Citizens Council.  The grant will support the Council's work to
provide services for senior citizens around the Upper Valley.  The Council
received a $12,400 Economic Impact Initiative Grant and a $27,600 Community
Facility Grant, which will both be used to build an activities room at the Horse
Meadow Senior Center in Haverhill that will allow the facility to fully serve
seniors in the area.

"Throughout the Granite State, community programs are essential in helping to
bring Granite State seniors together to work on local projects, participate in a
range of activities, and stay engaged," said Congresswoman Kuster.  "This
funding from Rural Development will help maintain an important facility that
serves many seniors in North Haverhill and throughout the surrounding area.  I
congratulate the Grafton County Senior Citizens Council on receiving these
grants, which will help them continue their truly valuable work on behalf of our
seniors and provide critical resources to the community."

Kuster has long advocated on behalf of New Hampshire's senior community.  She's
fought against harmful cuts to Medicare and Social Security, and she has held
several town hall forums at senior centers across the Second District to hear
directly from the New Hampshire seniors community about the issues that matter
to them.

The Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative program, which awarded one of
the grants, helps support the development and maintenance of important community
resources in economically depressed rural areas.  The Community Facility program
awarded the second grant, and works to maintain and grow critical community
facilities in rural parts of the country.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

New Hampshire: Kuster Announces $40,000 in USDA Rural Development Grants to
Support Seniors in Grafton County

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Concord


Office of the House of Representative Ann Mclane Kuster has issued the following
news release:

North Haverhill, NH - Congresswoman Annie Kuster (NH-02) today announced $40,000
in grant funding from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
program to the Grafton County Senior Citizens Council.  The grant will support
the Council's work to provide services for senior citizens around the Upper
Valley.  The Council received a $12,400 Economic Impact Initiative Grant and a
$27,600 Community Facility Grant, which will both be used to build an activities
room at the Horse Meadow Senior Center in Haverhill that will allow the facility
to fully serve seniors in the area.

"Throughout the Granite State, community programs are essential in helping to
bring Granite State seniors together to work on local projects, participate in a
range of activities, and stay engaged," said Congresswoman Kuster.  "This
funding from Rural Development will help maintain an important facility that
serves many seniors in North Haverhill and throughout the surrounding area.  I
congratulate the Grafton County Senior Citizens Council on receiving these
grants, which will help them continue their truly valuable work on behalf of our
seniors and provide critical resources to the community."

Kuster has long advocated on behalf of New Hampshire's senior community.  She's
fought against harmful cuts to Medicare and Social Security, and she has held
several town hall forums at senior centers across the Second District to hear
directly from the New Hampshire seniors community about the issues that matter
to them.

The Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative program, which awarded one of
the grants, helps support the development and maintenance of important community
resources in economically depressed rural areas.  The Community Facility program
awarded the second grant, and works to maintain and grow critical community
facilities in rural parts of the country.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Report finds Ohio bioscience economic impact near $150M

LENGTH: 1024 words


Report finds Ohio bioscience economic impact near $150M

By AMANDA PEDERSEN, Medical Device Daily Staff Writer

More than 800 bioscience-related entities are calling Ohio home, according to a
report by BioOhio (Columbus) released this week.

In 2006, the overall economic impact of Ohio-based bioscience was $146 billion,
representing 17.6% of Ohio's total economic output. Bioscience also directly and
indirectly sustained 1.2 million jobs in Ohio as of 2006. BioOhio said it teamed
with consulting firm Tripp Umbach and employed the IMPLAN input-output model to
estimate the impact of bioscience economic events in the state.

In the report, BioOhio's definition of the bioscience industry includes three
integrated sectors: commercial bioscience entities, hospitals and healthcare
providers, and medical colleges. The commercial bioscience sector alone
accounted for a $27.3 billion overall economic impact and 48,485 direct jobs in
2006. When indirect and induced jobs are factored, the commercial bioscience
employment figure jumps to 128,206, the organization said.

Tony Dennis, president/CEO of BioOhio, told Medical Device Daily that several
factors are driving bioscience growth in Ohio.

"At the top of the list is we have finally realized as a state that we have
tremendous assets in bioscience, and are now fueling and leveraging those
assets," Dennis said.

In February 2002 the state initiated a $1.6 billion program, dubbed the Third
Frontier Initiative Project, to expand its high-tech research capabilities,
promote innovation and create high-paying jobs.

"Biosciences is getting the lion's share of those dollars," Dennis said.

One example of that is the Wright Center of Innovation in Biomedical Imaging at
Ohio State University (Columbus), which Dennis called a "world-class center in
terms of imaging at Ohio State."

The Third Frontier Initiative is designed to continue until 2012, however Dennis
said the organization is in discussions with state leaders to continue the
program beyond that.

"One of the hallmarks of it is that the state asked for a two-to-one match from
private industry and in fact has gotten almost a nine-to-one match in terms of
dollars," Dennis said.

Public-private partnerships that leverage assets of Ohio's academic institutions
and also engage industry have also driven much of the state's bioscience growth,
he added.

For example, Dennis said one of the latest and the largest grants awarded
through the program was to the Cleveland Clinic Foundation to create the Global
Cardiovascular Innovation Center (GCIC), a $240 million center.

Last December the Cleveland Clinic reported landing $60 million from the state
to develop the GCIC.

The Cleveland Clinic is also involved in several smaller programs funded by the
Third Frontier Initiative, Dennis said, including a program in deep brain
stimulation and one in macular degeneration.

Cleveland, Cincinnati, and Columbus anchor the three Ohio regions that
collectively account for 89% of the state's commercial bioscience industry
economic impact and 90% of the state's commercial bioscience employment impact
in 2006, BioOhio reported. In northeast Ohio, commercial bioscience was
responsible for an $8.6 billion overall economic impact and 39,247 total jobs
(direct, indirect, and induced). The commercial bioscience sector in southwest
Ohio boasted an $8.3 billion economic impact and 36,700 total jobs. In central
Ohio, commercial bioscience had an economic impact of $6.5 billion and
contributed 30,152 total jobs.

Also, BioOhio noted, analysis of commercial bioscience industry segments
revealed medical device and equipment manufacturers as the top employer
(12,392), while agricultural biotechnology contributed the largest direct
economic impact ($6.1 billion) in 2006.

"Interestingly, one of the reasons why medical device companies are such a
natural slam dunk for us in terms of formation, is because it leverages the
manufacturing nature of the state," Dennis told MDD.

Ohio has been a "very fine state" in terms of fine tools development, he said,
which easily lends itself to medical devices. Also, he added, it is among the
top states in the nation in terms of polymers and unique materials which tend to
find their way into devices as well.

Bioscience, medical technology, and research organizations continue to thrive in
Ohio, the organization noted. In 2006, 818 bioscience-related entities were
operating in the state, a 6% increase since 2005. Bioscience-related entities
include those involved in research, development, and marketing of
pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, bioinformatics, medical devices, medical
equipment, biotechnology products, and health-related products.

The distribution of Ohio's 818 bioscience organizations remains consistent with
previous years. northeast Ohio continues its strong performance, as more than
half (425) of the bioscience entities are located in the metropolitan Cleveland
area, Akron, or Canton. southwest Ohio, anchored by metropolitan Cincinnati and
Dayton, is home to about one-quarter (195) of the bioscience-related entities,
followed closely by Columbus and central Ohio (146).

From 2004 to 2006, an average of 58 new companies began operation in Ohio each
year. In 2006, Ohio welcomed 47 new bioscience organizations by way of new
company launches or companies establishing their first facility in the state,
including Activaero America (Columbus), Bexion Pharmaceuticals (Cincinnati), and
Telerad Express (Beachwood).

Funding for research, company formation, and company expansion also continued to
rise in Ohio. Overall, more than $1.3 billion were invested across Ohio to
accelerate Ohio's bioscience growth in 2006, an increase of nearly $100 million
(8%) as compared to 2005. The sources of funding include venture capital, angel
funds, IPOs, SBIR/STTR, state biomedical grants, and National Science Foundation
and National Institutes of Health grants. The largest portion of this funding
came from the NIH ($721 million), which constitutes 60% of total investment.

BioOhio is a non-profit organization supported by the Thomas Edison Program of
the Ohio Department of Development.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2007 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Tangible impact;
Study shows the big economic boost provided by the region's cultural assets

SECTION: H,H; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 412 words


The Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra, Shea's Performing Arts, Albright-Knox Art
Gallery, Burchfield Penney Art Center, Buffalo Museum of Science and the Buffalo
Zoo.

It is a distinguished but hardly complete list of this region's cultural assets
that together have created a serious economic impact.

A new report commissioned by the Buffalo-based Arts Services Initiative and
completed by Rochester's Center for Governmental Research provides the details:
the equivalent of 2,900 full-time jobs, $87.4 million in labor income and $4.3
million in local and state tax revenue.

The report was funded by a $25,000 grant from the New York Community Trust and
included 105 organizations in Erie, Niagara, Chautauqua, Cattaraugus and
Allegany counties.

This is not the first time the Arts Initiative has sought to generate some hard
numbers. The group commissioned a similar study back in 2007, and it was time
for a fresh look, as reported by News Arts Critic Colin Dabkowski.

The actual economic impact of the arts is even greater than reported because the
study left out such things as touring productions that come to Shea's and
musical acts booked into the region's numerous concert venues. Tickets to those
shows generate big money, so that spinoff is also significant.

ASI Executive Director Tod A. Kniazuk said that beyond the economic impact, the
culturals provide benefits such as "tourism, education and veterans services,
health services, national and international recognition, obviously community
service and then of course the fact that the 'product' we produce actually
inspires people and actually makes them think, too. All of that's the real
impact."

In focusing on the nonprofit cultural industry, the study found that people
attending events spent an average of $17.77 beyond the ticket price and, even
more significant, that 19 percent of audiences for events at the 105
organizations included in the report came from outside of the region. And
spending by the out-of-town audience reached $52.10 per person.

This is good information for those who sit in legislative chambers and nonprofit
boardrooms and, for that matter, the everyday citizen contemplating where to
start a career and raise a family.

Indeed, the culturals have an impact that goes far beyond the strictly
financial, getting to the heart of quality of life here and what it means to
live in an enlightened and progressive area that is drawing people from near and
far who want to live, work and play here.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

College receives $1.4M grant

BYLINE: By, James Fenton

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 704 words


FARMINGTON - San Juan College received $1.4 million as part of a federal grant
designed to help workers in the coal industry transition into other jobs.

The money was part of a $14.5 million grant - shared by 36 entities nationwide -
from the Obama administration's Partnership for Opportunity and Workforce and
Economic Revitalization, or POWER, program.

The program is intended to address anticipated economic impacts to areas that
generate power from coal mining as the nation shifts away from coal, largely due
to federal regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gases and haze. The
Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration with the Department
of Labor and the Small Business Administration, announced the program in March.

Penny Pritzker, U.S. Department of Commerce secretary, said in an Oct. 15 press
release that the grant money will help coal-based communities transition to new
forms of energy.

"Through the creation of the POWER Initiative, the Obama Administration has
committed to helping communities successfully adapt to our changing energy
landscape," Pritzker said in the release. "The POWER grants announced today by
EDA and its federal partners will help each community create new jobs, diversify
its economic portfolio, and better compete in the 21st century."

The program is intended to address local and regional economic impacts to mining
areas as the country uses less coal due to factors including increased use of
natural gas, falling costs for renewable energy, increased energy efficiency,
and tighter air-pollution regulations, according to the release.

San Juan College will use the funding for the Four Corners POWER Initiative, an
effort to add necessary equipment to help programs in target careers that will
help train students into select careers like health care, information technology
and other energy sectors.

College President Toni Pendergrass said in a phone interview that the funding
will help the college train or retrain students into new careers and diversify
the local economy.

"We're helping to bridge (students) into high-demand, high-growth sectors like
other forms of energy, information technology and health care," Pendergrass
said. "This will help diversify our economy and transition workers to areas
(that don't have) such a strong dependence on fossil fuel, mainly coal."

The college has targeted job sectors in fields that need workers and pay a
salary commensurate with coal mining. Average annual salaries for coal miners at
the two local mines 20 miles west of Farmington are $70,000 or more.

The Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments, based in Gallup, received
$327,300 to coordinate a regional study on impacts to the local coal industry
and opportunities for regional economic sustainability.COG Director Jeff Kiely
said the organization will hire a firm to help produce a report expected to be
released in about a year that will assess the coal and related industries and
make recommendations on ways to diversify the energy production in the region.

"It will be collaborative, looking at current and historic markets and to the
future, both positive and averse," Kiely said in a phone interview on Monday.
"The report will lay out promising practices and emerging initiatives to help
the Four Corners stay strong going forward."

Kiely said his group would seek input and ideas from a variety of sources,
including the college, energy industries, Farmington-based Four Corners Economic
Development and economic development organizations in Gallup and Cibola County
communities.

According to the release, the Navajo Nation also received a POWER grant.

The tribal government - whose business entity, Navajo Transitional Energy
Company, owns Navajo Mine near Fruitland - was awarded $147,900, according to
the release.

But both Mihio Manus, spokesman for the office of the president and vice
president, and Peter Deswood, a senior economic specialist for the Nation, were
not able to confirm the tribal government had actually secured the funding.

"Thus far, I cannot verify that the Navajo Nation has received the grant funds,"
McManus said in an email late Monday.

James Fenton is the business editor of The Daily Times. He can be reached at
505-564-4621.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2015 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

College receives $1.4M grant

BYLINE: By, James Fenton

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 704 words


FARMINGTON - San Juan College received $1.4 million as part of a federal grant
designed to help workers in the coal industry transition into other jobs.

The money was part of a $14.5 million grant - shared by 36 entities nationwide -
from the Obama administration's Partnership for Opportunity and Workforce and
Economic Revitalization, or POWER, program.

The program is intended to address anticipated economic impacts to areas that
generate power from coal mining as the nation shifts away from coal, largely due
to federal regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gases and haze. The
Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration with the Department
of Labor and the Small Business Administration, announced the program in March.

Penny Pritzker, U.S. Department of Commerce secretary, said in an Oct. 15 press
release that the grant money will help coal-based communities transition to new
forms of energy.

"Through the creation of the POWER Initiative, the Obama Administration has
committed to helping communities successfully adapt to our changing energy
landscape," Pritzker said in the release. "The POWER grants announced today by
EDA and its federal partners will help each community create new jobs, diversify
its economic portfolio, and better compete in the 21st century."

The program is intended to address local and regional economic impacts to mining
areas as the country uses less coal due to factors including increased use of
natural gas, falling costs for renewable energy, increased energy efficiency,
and tighter air-pollution regulations, according to the release.

San Juan College will use the funding for the Four Corners POWER Initiative, an
effort to add necessary equipment to help programs in target careers that will
help train students into select careers like health care, information technology
and other energy sectors.

College President Toni Pendergrass said in a phone interview that the funding
will help the college train or retrain students into new careers and diversify
the local economy.

"We're helping to bridge (students) into high-demand, high-growth sectors like
other forms of energy, information technology and health care," Pendergrass
said. "This will help diversify our economy and transition workers to areas
(that don't have) such a strong dependence on fossil fuel, mainly coal."

The college has targeted job sectors in fields that need workers and pay a
salary commensurate with coal mining. Average annual salaries for coal miners at
the two local mines 20 miles west of Farmington are $70,000 or more.

The Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments, based in Gallup, received
$327,300 to coordinate a regional study on impacts to the local coal industry
and opportunities for regional economic sustainability.COG Director Jeff Kiely
said the organization will hire a firm to help produce a report expected to be
released in about a year that will assess the coal and related industries and
make recommendations on ways to diversify the energy production in the region.

"It will be collaborative, looking at current and historic markets and to the
future, both positive and averse," Kiely said in a phone interview on Monday.
"The report will lay out promising practices and emerging initiatives to help
the Four Corners stay strong going forward."

Kiely said his group would seek input and ideas from a variety of sources,
including the college, energy industries, Farmington-based Four Corners Economic
Development and economic development organizations in Gallup and Cibola County
communities.

According to the release, the Navajo Nation also received a POWER grant.

The tribal government - whose business entity, Navajo Transitional Energy
Company, owns Navajo Mine near Fruitland - was awarded $147,900, according to
the release.

But both Mihio Manus, spokesman for the office of the president and vice
president, and Peter Deswood, a senior economic specialist for the Nation, were
not able to confirm the tribal government had actually secured the funding.

"Thus far, I cannot verify that the Navajo Nation has received the grant funds,"
McManus said in an email late Monday.

James Fenton is the business editor of The Daily Times. He can be reached at
505-564-4621.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2015 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

Maliseets, dental clinic receive USDA grants

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- USDA Rural Development announced yesterday that a total of $206,400 in
Community Facility Grants has been awarded, which will benefit five Maine
community organizations. Among those are two in Aroostook County who will get
$85,500 of that total. The Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians will receive a
Community Facility Grant of $29,700 and Rural Economic Impact Initiative Grant
of $20,300, for a combined total of $50,000. The funds will be used for the
development of a tribal cemetery to be located on tribal lands in Littleton,
which will provide services to all tribal members.

An integral part of the tribe's cultural identity is a burial ground for its
members. Without a tribal cemetery, tribal members are buried in scattered
cemeteries throughout Maine and other places in the United States and Canada.
This also creates a problem of missing links to past generations and the
inability to track lineage. This project is very important to the Tribal
Community for cultural and historical significance.The Aroostook Dental Clinic,
Inc., which owns and operates the St. Apollonia Dental Clinic in Presque Isle,
has been selected to receive a Rural Economic Impact Initiative Grant in the
amount of $35,500. The funds will be used to purchase a new central nitrous
system and additional operating room instrumentation. The clinic, located at 112
Academy St., reaches out to all children of Aroostook County, especially those
without a current dental home to provide quality dental services and education
for low- and moderate-income patients and their families. Since its
establishment in 2011, the four-chair clinic has built a patient base of over
3,000 children.USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said,
"These are very meaningful investments in Maine's rural communities that each
serve a vital purpose. These grants assist with projects that are of immense
importance to Maine people. "They will help preserve the cultural identity of
the Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians, protect the iconic Atlantic Salmon,
enhance arts and culture for future generations in Downeast Maine, improve the
health of northern Maine residents through enhanced dental services, and
revitalize a rural downtown community center."Also selected to receive funding
are the Downeast Salmon Federation Inc. in Machias, $50,000; the Eastport Arts
Center, $50,000; and Unity Barn Raisers, $20,900.USDA Rural Development has area
offices in Presque Isle, Bangor, Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a State
Office in Bangor. Further information on rural programs is available at a local
USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site
at http://www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

Maliseets, dental clinic receive USDA grants

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- USDA Rural Development announced yesterday that a total of $206,400 in
Community Facility Grants has been awarded, which will benefit five Maine
community organizations. Among those are two in Aroostook County who will get
$85,500 of that total. The Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians will receive a
Community Facility Grant of $29,700 and Rural Economic Impact Initiative Grant
of $20,300, for a combined total of $50,000. The funds will be used for the
development of a tribal cemetery to be located on tribal lands in Littleton,
which will provide services to all tribal members.

An integral part of the tribe's cultural identity is a burial ground for its
members. Without a tribal cemetery, tribal members are buried in scattered
cemeteries throughout Maine and other places in the United States and Canada.
This also creates a problem of missing links to past generations and the
inability to track lineage. This project is very important to the Tribal
Community for cultural and historical significance.The Aroostook Dental Clinic,
Inc., which owns and operates the St. Apollonia Dental Clinic in Presque Isle,
has been selected to receive a Rural Economic Impact Initiative Grant in the
amount of $35,500. The funds will be used to purchase a new central nitrous
system and additional operating room instrumentation. The clinic, located at 112
Academy St., reaches out to all children of Aroostook County, especially those
without a current dental home to provide quality dental services and education
for low- and moderate-income patients and their families. Since its
establishment in 2011, the four-chair clinic has built a patient base of over
3,000 children.USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said,
"These are very meaningful investments in Maine's rural communities that each
serve a vital purpose. These grants assist with projects that are of immense
importance to Maine people. "They will help preserve the cultural identity of
the Houlton Band of Maliseet Indians, protect the iconic Atlantic Salmon,
enhance arts and culture for future generations in Downeast Maine, improve the
health of northern Maine residents through enhanced dental services, and
revitalize a rural downtown community center."Also selected to receive funding
are the Downeast Salmon Federation Inc. in Machias, $50,000; the Eastport Arts
Center, $50,000; and Unity Barn Raisers, $20,900.USDA Rural Development has area
offices in Presque Isle, Bangor, Lewiston and Scarborough, as well as a State
Office in Bangor. Further information on rural programs is available at a local
USDA Rural Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site
at http://www.rd.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

College receives $1.4M federal grant

BYLINE: By, James Fenton

SECTION: E; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 509 words


FARMINGTON - San Juan College received $1.4 million as part of a federal grant
designed to help workers in the coal industry transition into other jobs.

The money was part of a $14.5 million grant - shared by 36 entities nationwide -
from the Obama administration's Partnership for Opportunity and Workforce and
Economic Revitalization, or POWER, program.

The program is intended to address anticipated economic impacts to areas that
generate power from coal mining as the nation shifts away from coal, largely due
to federal regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gases and haze. The
Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration with the Department
of Labor and the Small Business Administration, announced the program in March.

The program is intended to address local and regional economic impacts to mining
areas as the country uses less coal due to factors including falling costs for
renewable energy, increased energy efficiency, and tighter air-pollution
regulations, according to the release.

San Juan College will use the funding for the Four Corners POWER Initiative, an
effort to add necessary equipment to help programs in target careers that will
help train students into select careers like health care, information technology
and other energy sectors.

College President Toni Pendergrass said in a phone interview that the funding
will help the college train or retrain students into new careers.

"We're helping to bridge (students) into high-demand, high-growth sectors like
other forms of energy, information technology and health care," Pendergrass
said. "This will help diversify our economy and transition workers to areas
(that don't have) such a strong dependence on fossil fuel, mainly coal."

The Northwest New Mexico Council of Governments, based in Gallup, received
$327,300 to coordinate a regional study on impacts to the local coal industry
and opportunities for regional economic sustainability.COG Director Jeff Kiely
said the organization will hire a firm to help produce a report that will assess
the coal and related industries and make recommendations on ways to diversify
the energy production in the region.

"It will be collaborative, looking at current and historic markets and to the
future, both positive and averse," Kiely said in a phone interview on Monday.
"The report will lay out promising practices and emerging initiatives to help
the Four Corners stay strong going forward."

According to the release, the Navajo Nation also received a POWER grant.

The tribal government - whose business entity, Navajo Transitional Energy
Company, owns Navajo Mine near Fruitland - was awarded $147,900, according to
the release.

But both Mihio Manus, spokesman for the office of the president and vice
president, and Peter Deswood, a senior economic specialist for the Nation, were
not able to confirm the tribal government had actually secured the funding.

"Thus far, I cannot verify that the Navajo Nation has received the grant funds,"
McManus said in an email late Monday.

James Fenton can be reached at 505-564-4621.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2015 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday

Trail Awarded $100,000 Grant: Pennsylvania-based group crosses state borders
with towns initiative

BYLINE: Kevin Spradlin, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 754 words


Sep. 4--Phase one of the updated economic impact study:

Phase one impact report

2007 Business Changes (in Excel)

2008 Business Changes (in Excel)

CUMBERLAND -- Economic development along the Great Allegheny Passage received a
boost this week with the awarding of a $100,000 grant for Maryland's 20.47-mile
portion of the well-traveled trail.

The Appalachian Regional Commission awarded the grant to The Progress Fund, a
Pennsylvania-based nonprofit organization dedicated to providing loans to the
tourism industry in the Keystone State as well as Ohio and West Virginia. The
agency has not worked in Maryland until now.

"We're delighted to cross state borders and begin to have this connecting
regional program in Cumberland and Frostburg and Oldtown," said Cathy McCollom,
regional director for The Progress Fund and the person who spearheaded the Trail
Towns initiative in Pennsylvania.

The agency's goal is to spur expansion of existing businesses along the trail
and help entrepreneurs develop new, sustainable business ideas.

"We started out as a Pennsylvania-only program even though we recognized the
trail is bigger" than just Pittsburgh to the state line, said David Kahley,
president and CEO of The Progress Fund. "The Appalachian Regional Commission has
come along and said, 'we'll support your expansion and extension of funding.'"

"We just didn't have money to put our staff there," Kahley said. "Now, that's
what this ARC grant allows us to do. Instead of a friendly conversation, now we
can actually put feet on the ground."

A part-time new hire will invest their time working with merchants and business
owners and property owners speaking about economic development opportunities
along the trail, Kahley said.

"We have quantifiable goals," McCollom said, noting the agency assured the
commission of at least 20 new business start-ups or expansions, at least 57 new
jobs and a 10 percent increase in business revenue and trail use. "We want to be
up and running quickly."

She said exploiting current business opportunities "can be as simple as offering
shipping services (or) offering bike racks."

Barb Buehl, president of the Allegany Chamber of Commerce who plays a leading
role in the Allegany County tourism effort, said there might be minor
duplication of services but welcomed the financial and knowledge-rich
assistance.

"Even though (economic development) falls under our mission, particularly in
tourism, we are resource-poor," Buehl said. "Any help we can get to further our
efforts is appreciated."

Allegany County will be able to benefit from an economic impact study being
conducted by Campos Inc., a Pittsburgh-based market research firm hired by The
Progress Fund. Phase one of the study was recently completed. The results,
compared to a previous study, were promising.

"We know that the number of trail users has increased significantly and the
economic impact in the three counties of Westmoreland, Somerset and Fayette in
Pennsylvania reflects a $12 million direct impact and another $2.9 million in
wages," McCollom said. "This was up from $7.2 million in 2002."

One such joint venture Buehl noted is the introduction of electronic kiosks at
designated areas along the trail from Cumberland to Pittsburgh. Downtown
Cumberland also has one. On Wednesday, Buehl met with CONXX officials at the
Frostburg trailhead to determine whether the kiosk could receive a wireless
Internet signal. The light was green, Buehl said, indicating a reliable
connection. The kiosk is to be paid for through a donation to The Progress Fund
by Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania. Buehl already has worked with Allegany County
government officials to provide electricity at the trailhead.

"This is sort of their pilot to see how this will work in getting people off the
trail and into the Trail Towns," Buehl said. "Our intent is to have it in the
areas where you really don't know what's beyond the trail."

For more information on the Trail Towns program, visit www.trailtowns.org.
Information on The Progress Fund can be obtained online at www.progressfund.org.

Contact Kevin Spradlin at kspradlin@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080904-UM-Trail-Awarded-100,000-Grant-0904

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2008


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

New York University and Wells Fargo Expand Support for Startups in Cleantech,
Smart Cities, and Sustainability

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:



  The New York University Tandon School of Engineering has received a $100,000
grant from Wells Fargo to support early-stage companies in New York City's hub
for smart cities, smart grid, and clean energy through its ACRE incubator.





 Housed at the Urban Future Lab (UFL) at NYU Tandon, the internationally
recognized ACRE is a cleantech incubator that supports startup ventures with
innovative technologies and new business models for a greener, smarter, and more
connected world. ACRE is uniquely poised to engage the next generation of
engineers in developing solutions for one of the most pressing problems of the
21st century, climate change.



 "This grant will help the ACRE to support early-stage business ventures and to
continue providing the services young businesses need to scale up and find
solutions to issues of sustainability," said Pat Sapinsley, managing director of
cleantech initiatives at the UFL. "We're honored to have Wells Fargo supporting
our program and to count them among a growing number of our private and public
supporters dedicated to making a difference in climate change. Such
collaboration is essential if we're going to create, innovate, and solve the
world's pressing energy challenges."



 Since 2007, Wells Fargo has provided more than $27 billion in financing for
environmentally sustainable businesses, including $4 billion in solar and wind
project investments and $9 billion to support LEED-certified and other green
buildings. The company is also an active industry participant and sponsor of
several cleantech initiatives, including a $10 million environmental grant
program for clean technology startups called the Innovation Incubator.



 "Wells Fargo is proud to provide financial support and industry expertise to
the NYU - ACRE program supporting clean technology entrepreneurs," said Ashley
Grosh, vice president, Wells Fargo Environmental Affairs. "We are dedicated to
supporting organizations like the ACRE and the Urban Future Lab that are
redefining what's possible in the cleantech sector. We're confident the impact
of this grant on New York's cleantech economy and beyond will multiply through
of our collaboration."



 The UFL is a part of the NYU Tandon School of Engineering Future Labs
ecosystem, which also includes the Data Future Lab in Manhattan's SoHo
neighborhood, as well as the Digital Future Lab and a veterans' entrepreneurial
support program, both in Brooklyn's DUMBO neighborhood. The Future Labs were the
first university-public-private incubator partnership with New York City and are
tasked with creating a sustainable program that helps new ventures succeed and
generate positive economic impact.



 Since launching in 2009, the Future Labs at NYU Tandon have helped companies
create more than 1,250 jobs, raise more than $245 million in capital, and
generate a local economic impact of $352 million. Named among the Top 10 Idea
Labs in the United States by Worth magazine, the Future Labs are counted among
the many ways the NYU Tandon School of Engineering supports technology in
service to society.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

New York University and Wells Fargo Expand Support for Startups in Cleantech,
Smart Cities, and Sustainability

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:



  The New York University Tandon School of Engineering has received a $100,000
grant from Wells Fargo to support early-stage companies in New York City's hub
for smart cities, smart grid, and clean energy through its ACRE incubator.





 Housed at the Urban Future Lab (UFL) at NYU Tandon, the internationally
recognized ACRE is a cleantech incubator that supports startup ventures with
innovative technologies and new business models for a greener, smarter, and more
connected world. ACRE is uniquely poised to engage the next generation of
engineers in developing solutions for one of the most pressing problems of the
21st century, climate change.



 "This grant will help the ACRE to support early-stage business ventures and to
continue providing the services young businesses need to scale up and find
solutions to issues of sustainability," said Pat Sapinsley, managing director of
cleantech initiatives at the UFL. "We're honored to have Wells Fargo supporting
our program and to count them among a growing number of our private and public
supporters dedicated to making a difference in climate change. Such
collaboration is essential if we're going to create, innovate, and solve the
world's pressing energy challenges."



 Since 2007, Wells Fargo has provided more than $27 billion in financing for
environmentally sustainable businesses, including $4 billion in solar and wind
project investments and $9 billion to support LEED-certified and other green
buildings. The company is also an active industry participant and sponsor of
several cleantech initiatives, including a $10 million environmental grant
program for clean technology startups called the Innovation Incubator.



 "Wells Fargo is proud to provide financial support and industry expertise to
the NYU - ACRE program supporting clean technology entrepreneurs," said Ashley
Grosh, vice president, Wells Fargo Environmental Affairs. "We are dedicated to
supporting organizations like the ACRE and the Urban Future Lab that are
redefining what's possible in the cleantech sector. We're confident the impact
of this grant on New York's cleantech economy and beyond will multiply through
of our collaboration."



 The UFL is a part of the NYU Tandon School of Engineering Future Labs
ecosystem, which also includes the Data Future Lab in Manhattan's SoHo
neighborhood, as well as the Digital Future Lab and a veterans' entrepreneurial
support program, both in Brooklyn's DUMBO neighborhood. The Future Labs were the
first university-public-private incubator partnership with New York City and are
tasked with creating a sustainable program that helps new ventures succeed and
generate positive economic impact.



 Since launching in 2009, the Future Labs at NYU Tandon have helped companies
create more than 1,250 jobs, raise more than $245 million in capital, and
generate a local economic impact of $352 million. Named among the Top 10 Idea
Labs in the United States by Worth magazine, the Future Labs are counted among
the many ways the NYU Tandon School of Engineering supports technology in
service to society.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

New York University and Wells Fargo Expand Support for Startups in Cleantech,
Smart Cities, and Sustainability

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: New York University has issued the following news release:



 The New York University Tandon School of Engineering has received a $100,000
grant from Wells Fargo to support early-stage companies in New York City's hub
for smart cities, smart grid, and clean energy through its ACRE incubator.





 Housed at the Urban Future Lab (UFL) at NYU Tandon, the internationally
recognized ACRE is a cleantech incubator that supports startup ventures with
innovative technologies and new business models for a greener, smarter, and more
connected world. ACRE is uniquely poised to engage the next generation of
engineers in developing solutions for one of the most pressing problems of the
21st century, climate change.



 "This grant will help the ACRE to support early-stage business ventures and to
continue providing the services young businesses need to scale up and find
solutions to issues of sustainability," said

 Pat Sapinsley, managing director of cleantech initiatives at the UFL. "We're
honored to have Wells Fargo supporting our program and to count them among a
growing number of our private and public supporters dedicated to making a
difference in climate change. Such collaboration is essential if we're going to
create, innovate, and solve the world's pressing energy challenges."



 Since 2007, Wells Fargo has provided more than $27 billion in financing for
environmentally sustainable businesses, including $4 billion in solar and wind
project investments and $9 billion to support LEED-certified and other green
buildings. The company is also an active industry participant and sponsor of
several cleantech initiatives, including a $10 million environmental grant
program for clean technology startups called the Innovation Incubator.



 "Wells Fargo is proud to provide financial support and industry expertise to
the NYU - ACRE program supporting clean technology entrepreneurs," said Ashley
Grosh, vice president, Wells Fargo Environmental Affairs. "We are dedicated to
supporting organizations like the ACRE and the Urban Future Lab that are
redefining what's possible in the cleantech sector. We're confident the impact
of this grant on New York's cleantech economy and beyond will multiply through
of our collaboration."



 The UFL is a part of the NYU Tandon School of Engineering Future Labs
ecosystem, which also includes the Data Future Lab in Manhattan's SoHo
neighborhood, as well as the Digital Future Lab and a veterans' entrepreneurial
support program, both in Brooklyn's DUMBO neighborhood. The Future Labs were the
first university-public-private incubator partnership with New York City and are
tasked with creating a sustainable program that helps new ventures succeed and
generate positive economic impact.



 Since launching in 2009, the Future Labs at NYU Tandon have helped companies
create more than 1,250 jobs, raise more than $245 million in capital, and
generate a local economic impact of

 $352 million. Named among the Top 10 Idea Labs in the United States by Worth
magazine, the Future Labs are counted among the many ways the NYU Tandon School
of Engineering supports technology in service to society.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com   New York: New York



LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: SOAR Executive Board approves criteria, application process for
Kentucky Appalachian Regional Development fund

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Rogers Hal has issued the following news release:



 Eastern Kentucky communities will soon have a chance to apply for grants of up
to $250,000 each to support work on job creation, broadband expansion, health
and more.





 The SOAR Executive Board approved funding criteria and an application process
for the Kentucky Appalachian Regional Development (KARD) fund today at its
meeting in Prestonsburg, Ky.



 &ldquo;We're excited to see what our communities are doing to impact important
community challenges like job growth and leadership training,&rdquo; said Jared
Arnett, executive director of SOAR.  &ldquo;Successful local initiatives can be
replicated, and KARD grants are a good chance for the region to see what's
working.&rdquo;



 The state established KARD through a $2 million appropriation during the 2015
legislative session. This seed money will support efforts that include job
creation and retention, entrepreneurship, tourism, broadband deployment,
workforce training, leadership development, health and wellness, infrastructure
and/or economic diversity.



 &ldquo;SOAR is designed to support locally-driven efforts to advance job
development, workforce training, health access and other markers that enhance
quality of life,&rdquo; said Governor Steve Beshear.  &ldquo;These KARD grants
will give local programs a jump start toward making important community
improvements.



 &ldquo;The KARD fund gives SOAR the opportunity to support and invest in local
projects that will create jobs and increase economic opportunities,&rdquo; said
Congressman Rogers. &ldquo;This is a way for SOAR to help advance the vision of
projects that will benefit the people of eastern Kentucky the most.&rdquo;



 KARD will be administered through the Department for Local Government.
Organizations physically present in the region, such as non-profits, entities
designated to represent SOAR, and counties or cities, may apply for these funds.




 Priority will be given to projects that present the greatest likelihood of
regional economic impact. Other criteria include:



     The unemployment level in each community where the project will be located;




     The likelihood that the project will generate future revenue for the
community or Commonwealth;



     The number of new jobs and the wages to be paid;



     How much will the project benefit the economies and communities of multiple
jurisdictions;



     Whether there is a funding match from the community, foundations or private
sector;



     The likelihood of sustainable economic success;



     The inclusion of a strategy related to the KentuckyWired project and
technology as an economic driver;



     The level of partnerships across geographies and sectors; and



     The economic impact of the downturn of the coal industry in those
communities.



 Organizations meeting the above criteria can apply online at www.soar-ky.org.
The first round of applications are due Dec. 18. The maximum grant amount is
$250,000.



 Board honors Governor Beshear



 The SOAR executive board also took time to honor Governor Steve Beshear in his
last meeting as SOAR co-chair.  Gov. Beshear and Congressman Hal Rogers created
the SOAR initiative in 2013 and have been dedicated to its progress ever since.
Gov. Beshear is term-limited and will leave the Governor's office in December.



 &ldquo;Our region could not have asked for a better, more selfless leader than
Governor Steve Beshear,&rdquo; said Arnett.  &ldquo;Together with Congressman
Rogers, he put politics aside and made a very public commitment to our counties
and communities.  He knows this work will take years, and he started it anyway.
We are deeply grateful for his vision and his commitment to Appalachia.&rdquo;



 Congressman Hal Rogers introduced a video recapping the Governor's work on
SOAR, then presented him with a customized rocking chair to honor his service.



 "The Governor has been a steadfast partner as we launched SOAR - a long term
mission to revitalize eastern Kentucky. His dedication to bring statewide
broadband and other critical projects to fruition has been remarkable," said
Congressman Rogers. "I am grateful for his partnership and friendship. Through
SOAR, we were able to put politics aside and focus on the importance of being
Kentuckians first."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant for East Market Commercial, Residential and Retail Project

LENGTH: 926  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Philadelphia for the redevelopment of a four-acre site in
Center City. Known as East Market, this multi-phase project will transform the
area with a combination of office space, pedestrian-oriented retail space,
parking and new residences.

This award brings the total state investment in this transformative project to
$10 million. Additionally, the City of Philadelphia is committing $4 million in
capital funding for public street, utility and sidewalk improvements in the
immediate area surrounding East Market.

"East Market will serve as the catalyst to reinvigorate the heart of Center City
Philadelphia," said Gov. Corbett. "I am proud to be working with Mayor Michael
Nutter to help support a project, which will create more than 1,500 jobs,
additional ongoing tax revenue and breathe new life into a part of Philadelphia
that stands ready for revitalization.

"We are seeing international and national events look to Philadelphia as hosts.
We want to ensure that the City is ready to serve in that role to the best of
its ability, while also providing those living here with a thriving urban
center."

The East Market development will generate significant economic impact during
construction and will provide permanent ongoing economic returns from increased
commercial and residential occupancy. The project is expected to create 286
permanent jobs, 1,198 construction jobs and direct taxes to the Commonwealth
estimated at $860,000 annually.

"The revitalization of Market Street is a priority for my Administration and
Governor Corbett and I both understand the significant impact that the East
Market development will have on Philadelphia," said Mayor Nutter. "Philadelphia
is a world-class city home to some of this country's most important historical
landmarks, as well as some of the largest and most successful global
corporations. It is critical that we support projects like East Market that will
have a transformative effect on Center City Philadelphia for generations to
come."

The funding will help support the first phase of development for East Market,
estimated to cost $230 million. This initial phase encompasses 1100 Market
Street, including new construction of a mixed-use development consisting of
107,000 square feet of new retail with frontage on Market Street and a 322-unit
apartment building above the retail space. There will also be a new parking
garage for 201 cars and a centralized loading facility to service this and
future phases of the East Market development, all below grade to minimize
traffic impacts and support the pedestrian-centric plans. Also included in this
first phase is 34 South 11th Street, former home of the Family Court. This
building will be transformed into 150,000 square feet of new office space and an
additional 44,000 square feet of ground floor and second floor retail space.

East Market is owned by National Real Estate Advisors, JOSS Realty Partners LLC,
Young Capital LLC and SSH Real Estate and is supported on this project by IBEW,
NECA and NEBF.

"We are grateful for this funding support, as it is crucial to the first phase
of this transformative project," said Jeff Kanne, president and CEO of National
Real Estate Advisors. "Our vision for East Market is to create a cohesive
community where city dwellers want to live, businesses want to put their stakes
in the ground and locals and tourists, alike, want to visit for some of the
City's best shopping and dining. We thank Governor Corbett, and Mayor Nutter,
for their support of this development. We are excited to put shovels in the
ground and bring this project to life."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Growth Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Gov.
Corbett. "Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families in
Philadelphia and across the state."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant for East Market Commercial, Residential and Retail Project

LENGTH: 952  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Philadelphia for the redevelopment of a four-acre site in
Center City. Known as East Market, this multi-phase project will transform the
area with a combination of office space, pedestrian-oriented retail space,
parking and new residences.

This award brings the total state investment in this transformative project to
$10 million. Additionally, the City of Philadelphia is committing $4 million in
capital funding for public street, utility and sidewalk improvements in the
immediate area surrounding East Market.

"East Market will serve as the catalyst to reinvigorate the heart of Center City
Philadelphia," said Gov. Corbett. "I am proud to be working with Mayor Michael
Nutter to help support a project, which will create more than 1,500 jobs,
additional ongoing tax revenue and breathe new life into a part of Philadelphia
that stands ready for revitalization.

"We are seeing international and national events look to Philadelphia as hosts.
We want to ensure that the City is ready to serve in that role to the best of
its ability, while also providing those living here with a thriving urban
center."

The East Market development will generate significant economic impact during
construction and will provide permanent ongoing economic returns from increased
commercial and residential occupancy. The project is expected to create 286
permanent jobs, 1,198 construction jobs and direct taxes to the Commonwealth
estimated at $860,000 annually.

"The revitalization of Market Street is a priority for my Administration and
Governor Corbett and I both understand the significant impact that the East
Market development will have on Philadelphia," said Mayor Nutter. "Philadelphia
is a world-class city home to some of this country's most important historical
landmarks, as well as some of the largest and most successful global
corporations. It is critical that we support projects like East Market that will
have a transformative effect on Center City Philadelphia for generations to
come."

The funding will help support the first phase of development for East Market,
estimated to cost $230 million. This initial phase encompasses 1100 Market
Street, including new construction of a mixed-use development consisting of
107,000 square feet of new retail with frontage on Market Street and a 322-unit
apartment building above the retail space. There will also be a new parking
garage for 201 cars and a centralized loading facility to service this and
future phases of the East Market development, all below grade to minimize
traffic impacts and support the pedestrian-centric plans. Also included in this
first phase is 34 South 11th Street, former home of the Family Court. This
building will be transformed into 150,000 square feet of new office space and an
additional 44,000 square feet of ground floor and second floor retail space.

East Market is owned by National Real Estate Advisors, JOSS Realty Partners LLC,
Young Capital LLC and SSH Real Estate and is supported on this project by IBEW,
NECA and NEBF.

"We are grateful for this funding support, as it is crucial to the first phase
of this transformative project," said Jeff Kanne, president and CEO of National
Real Estate Advisors. "Our vision for East Market is to create a cohesive
community where city dwellers want to live, businesses want to put their stakes
in the ground and locals and tourists, alike, want to visit for some of the
City's best shopping and dining. We thank Governor Corbett, and Mayor Nutter,
for their support of this development. We are excited to put shovels in the
ground and bring this project to life."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Growth Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Gov.
Corbett. "Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families in
Philadelphia and across the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant for East Market Commercial, Residential and Retail Project

LENGTH: 986  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $2.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Philadelphia for the redevelopment of a four-acre site in
Center City. Known as East Market, this multi-phase project will transform the
area with a combination of office space, pedestrian-oriented retail space,
parking and new residences.

This award brings the total state investment in this transformative project to
$10 million. Additionally, the City of Philadelphia is committing $4 million in
capital funding for public street, utility and sidewalk improvements in the
immediate area surrounding East Market.

"East Market will serve as the catalyst to reinvigorate the heart of Center City
Philadelphia," said Gov. Corbett. "I am proud to be working with Mayor Michael
Nutter to help support a project, which will create more than 1,500 jobs,
additional ongoing tax revenue and breathe new life into a part of Philadelphia
that stands ready for revitalization.

"We are seeing international and national events look to Philadelphia as hosts.
We want to ensure that the City is ready to serve in that role to the best of
its ability, while also providing those living here with a thriving urban
center."

The East Market development will generate significant economic impact during
construction and will provide permanent ongoing economic returns from increased
commercial and residential occupancy. The project is expected to create 286
permanent jobs, 1,198 construction jobs and direct taxes to the Commonwealth
estimated at $860,000 annually.

"The revitalization of Market Street is a priority for my Administration and
Governor Corbett and I both understand the significant impact that the East
Market development will have on Philadelphia," said Mayor Nutter. "Philadelphia
is a world-class city home to some of this country's most important historical
landmarks, as well as some of the largest and most successful global
corporations. It is critical that we support projects like East Market that will
have a transformative effect on Center City Philadelphia for generations to
come."

The funding will help support the first phase of development for East Market,
estimated to cost $230 million. This initial phase encompasses 1100 Market
Street, including new construction of a mixed-use development consisting of
107,000 square feet of new retail with frontage on Market Street and a 322-unit
apartment building above the retail space. There will also be a new parking
garage for 201 cars and a centralized loading facility to service this and
future phases of the East Market development, all below grade to minimize
traffic impacts and support the pedestrian-centric plans. Also included in this
first phase is 34 South 11th Street, former home of the Family Court. This
building will be transformed into 150,000 square feet of new office space and an
additional 44,000 square feet of ground floor and second floor retail space.

East Market is owned by National Real Estate Advisors, JOSS Realty Partners LLC,
Young Capital LLC and SSH Real Estate and is supported on this project by IBEW,
NECA and NEBF.

"We are grateful for this funding support, as it is crucial to the first phase
of this transformative project," said Jeff Kanne, president and CEO of National
Real Estate Advisors. "Our vision for East Market is to create a cohesive
community where city dwellers want to live, businesses want to put their stakes
in the ground and locals and tourists, alike, want to visit for some of the
City's best shopping and dining. We thank Governor Corbett, and Mayor Nutter,
for their support of this development. We are excited to put shovels in the
ground and bring this project to life."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Growth Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Gov.
Corbett. "Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families in
Philadelphia and across the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Growth
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Spending on Arts and CultureMaster Plan a wise investment

BYLINE: SUE RIEDEL City of Dubuque Arts & Cultural Affairs Advisory Commission

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 617 words


With regard to the Telegraph Herald's July 27 editorial, "City spending - even
on arts - must be judicious," concerning Dubuque's Arts and Culture Master Plan,
we would like to lend additional perspective on the substantial effort, research
and public input that went into this plan, as well as its merits.

We'd first like to note that Dubuque's nonprofit arts and culture industry
generates $47.2 million in annual economic activity and supports 1,530 jobs.
This includes more than $5 million in revenues to local and state government.
Compare this to the city's total investment of $245,000 for Fiscal Year 2017 in
operating support and special project grant funds to 16 arts and cultural
organizations. By almost any measure, this would be considered a strong return
on investment.

Second, the final draft of the Master Plan reflects input from more than 400
residents and from stakeholders across Dubuque's cultural, business, education,
tourism and social-service sectors. If an idea was important to enough people,
it's important enough to be in the plan.

Third, this is a 10-year plan that articulates a long-range vision for arts and
culture in Dubuque. Many of the plan's priorities and recommendations - and the
resources needed to achieve them - might take the better part of a decade to
develop. It will be up to our community and City Council to determine the pace.

Fourth, many of the plan's priorities are shared by other civic initiatives. The
city's Sustainable Dubuque strategy, for example, identifies economic prosperity
and social and cultural vibrancy as key to our community's continued growth and
competitiveness. Additionally, the plan seeks to increase access and
participation in the arts and culture among all residents - a goal closely
linked with the Inclusive Dubuque initiative.

Fifth, the Master Plan calls for many of these new initiatives to be
accomplished through public-private partnerships, new earned revenue streams and
additional philanthropic support, reducing rather than adding to the burden on
local taxpayers.

Where additional public investment is concerned, the significant economic impact
of the arts and culture in Dubuque is justification for our elected officials to
closely consider current levels of public investment.

One of our city's most notable accomplishments in the past decade has been the
redevelopment of the Historic Millwork District. Innovative arts events like
Voices from the Warehouse and creative businesses were essential to this
transformation. Federal, state and local grants and tax credits were, too.

Finally, with regard to the necessity of this plan and the consultant hired to
help produce it; we ask, would any private firm responsible for as many jobs and
as much economic impact not periodically review its long-term priorities and
strategies to ensure that they are in line with the current realities and
operating environment? For any private firm, the failure to adequately plan -
and invest - for the future is a risk that argues against simply accepting the
status quo. Is city government any different?

For all these reasons, we believe the master plan should receive our City
Council's full consideration. In today's highly competitive world, where our
city competes for talent, tourism and attractions on a regional and national
level, Dubuque cannot afford to do otherwise.

Riedel, artistic director and theater manager of Bell Tower Theater, writes on
behalf of the City of Dubuque Arts & Cultural Affairs Advisory Commission, of
which she is chair. She previously taught theater and speech at Hempstead High
School, founded the Barn Community Theater and served as manager and artistic
director of the Grand Opera House.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Chester Chronicle

                                 April 23, 2009
                                 County Edition

Blooming marvellous;
Cheshire's special year exceeds all expectations

BYLINE: Barry Ellams

SECTION: Pg. 51

LENGTH: 619 words


CHESHIRE'S Gardens of Distinction project 2008 has been hailed a major success.

Independent evaluation shows the county's Year of Gardens 08 project exceeded
targets by 800%.

It aimed to involve 2,200 participants and more than 8,000 took part in 88
activities that attracted more than 40,000 people.

The programme was developed by Visit Chester & Cheshire in partnership with
Cheshire County Council, the Northwest Regional Development Agency (NWDA), Rural
Enterprise and Cheshire's Gardens of Distinction.

VCC r eported that its gr oss economic impact target of pounds 15.1 million had
been achieved at pounds 15.3 million.

An independent evaluation by Arts About Manchester also revealed
across-the-board increases on all targets, including an eight-fold rise on
estimated PR value from the programme, from pounds 250,000 to pounds 2 million.

During 2008 more than 4,000 volunteer days were recorded, with an estimated
value of pounds 400,000, and pounds 45,000 worth of grants were awarded to
support community projects.

The CYOG arts programme involved 136 artists, 200 education sessions at schools,
and more than 2,800 participants - and reached an audience of 1.4 million.

Chris Brown, chief executive of Visit Chester & Cheshire, said: "We've
demonstrated that innovative thinking and creative partnerships can generate
significant benefits for the local economy." Attracting more than 346,000
visitors - organisers are convinced these increases are a direct result of the
partnership between Cheshire's Gardens of

Distinction and organisations big and small across the country.

Lord Ashbrook, owner of Arley Hall and Gardens, added:
"CheshireYearofGardens08has been a really exciting initiative which has made a
real contribution to tourism in Cheshire and has thereby greatly benefited the
local economy generally.

"We at Arley Hall and Gardens have been proud to be associated with it and I
much hope the momentum can be maintained in the coming years.

Felicity Goodey, chairwoman of the year of gardens steering group, added: "The
economic impact of the campaign has surpassed all our expectations. But even
better has been the impact on an astonishing number of communities up and down
the county.

"People of all ages and from all over Cheshire have taken part in an array of
garden-related activities and made the most unlikely corners of the county
'bloom' in a delightful variety of unexpected ways." Award-winning garden
designer and broadcaster Chris Beardshaw played an integral role in last year's
project.

He said: "This was an inspired initiative and among all the benefits reaped,
including increased tourism and economic gr owth.

"It is clear that the gardens in the Cheshire region are now making a unified
approach and starting to present themselves not just for now but into the
future.

NWDA director of tourism James Berresford added: "This was a remarkable success
for the sub-region and a great example of what can be achieved through effective
partnerships, not just between the organising bodies but the 60 business that
participated."

Cheshire's Year of Gardens formed part of a groundbreaking initiative to unlock
the tourism-boosting potential of 29 garden attractions in Cheshire.

It was one of the biggest initiatives undertaken to attract new visitors to the
area, including those attending Liverpool's Capital of Culture celebrations.

The programme featured a major programme of music, art, theatre, sport and food
and drink events at major garden locations including Tatton Park, Lyme Park,
Arley Hall and Gardens, Chester Zoo, Jodrell Bank, Ness Gardens, Capesthorne
Hall, Gawsworth Hall, Cholmondeley Castle Gardens and Norton Priory Museum &
Gardens..

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  SPORTING CHANCE: The Pumpkin Olympics. INSPIRED: Gardener Chris
Beardshaw.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2009 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Offers New Toolkit to Assess Economic Impact of Local Foods

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today unveiled a new resource created by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and Colorado State University that will
help communities and businesses evaluate the economic benefits of investing in
local food systems. The Secretary released details about " The Economics of
Local Food Systems: A Toolkit to Guide Community Discussions, Assessments and
Choices" in his keynote remarks at the 12th Annual Good Food Festival and
Conference in Chicago.





 "Strong local and regional food systems are helping to revitalize rural and
urban communities across the country, and more than 160,000 farmers and ranchers
nationwide are tapping into growing consumer demand for locally grown products.
With USDA support, this sector is increasing access to healthy foods for local
residents and creating opportunity for small businesses that store, process,
market and distribute food," said Vilsack. "Now community leaders have a toolkit
that can help measure job creation and other economic development indicators,
which will help make the case for continued investments."



 The Local Food System Toolkit was developed by the Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) to help communities reliably evaluate the economic impact of
investing in local and regional food systems. The Local Food System Toolkit
provides detailed guidance in seven modules to measure and assess the expected
economic impacts of local food investments. Using real-world projects,
experiences, and applied research, it provides grounded, credible, and useable
assessment methods. The Local Food System Toolkit can be used by policy makers,
community leaders, private businesses or foundations to offer specific estimates
that will help them decide whether to invest in initiatives that increase local
food activity.



 Secretary Vilsack has identified strengthening local and regional food systems
as one of the four pillars of USDA's commitment to rural economic development.
Over the course of this Administration, USDA has helped farmers, ranchers, and
businesses access the growing market for local and regional foods, which was
valued at $12 billion in 2014 according to industry estimates. In the last six
years, USDA invested more than $800 million in more than 29,100 local and
regional food businesses and infrastructure projects. These activities
contribute to USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) initiative, which
coordinates efforts across USDA to support local and regional food systems.



 AMS plays a key role in supporting farmers markets, community supported
agriculture (CSA), food hubs, and local food businesses by offering technical
assistance, conducting research, and awarding grants. The Local Food System
Toolkit is the latest resource offered by AMS in support of local and regional
food systems.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

To maximize impact, planners need to 'buy local'

BYLINE: By Nicole Rosso

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Another Voice / UB 2020; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 483 words


For the past several years, Buffalo Niagara Partnership members have engaged in
a large-scale advocacy campaign in Albany for the passage of UB 2020. It was
evident right from the inception of UB 2020 that, if successful, it would lead
to strengthened private sector investment and job creation -- the most impactful
initiative on our regional economy in a half-century. We were pleased when,
through the leadership of the Western New York state delegation, NYSUNY 2020
(which enabled UB 2020) passed the Legislature and was signed by Gov. Andrew M.
Cuomo last year.

The implementation of NYSUNY 2020 and the governor's SUNY Challenge Grant has
given our already growing university the resources for its next big undertaking
-- relocation of its medical center into a state-of-the-art new facility on the
Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus. The process is already under way as proposals
for the design of the building are being evaluated.

As the University at Buffalo grows, it is important to bear in mind why our
community was so avidly behind UB 2020 in the first place: to create investment
and jobs in the Buffalo Niagara region. While there is no specific language in
the request for proposals for the medical center and similar projects that would
give any advantage to local firms or workers, it is critical that the state's
selection committee place great emphasis on the number of jobs created and local
economic impact of this project. Without question, we have the expertise here in
the region to achieve the UB 2020 vision.

When signing the NYSUNY 2020 bill, Cuomo recognized that in addition to building
New York's schools into world-renowned research and educational facilities, this
initiative was designed to "create jobs for New Yorkers and improve our state's
economic competitiveness." The selection of who is going to implement the
projects both individually and as an economic development package needs to
reflect that mission and to do so, "Buy Local" -- utilizing local resources as
often as possible -- must be part of the equation for all phases of the medical
school project. Particularly for a project as significant to our region and the
downtown landscape as it is to UB.

In 2012, the fruits of our community's advocacy for UB 2020 are becoming
tangible. UB's presence on the downtown medical campus is growing daily -- and
if you haven't been over to see the campus in a while you need to make some time
to do so. It is invigorating to experience the economic development taking place
and the jobs being created in the City of Buffalo.

To ensure the economic impact of that growth, we as a community, as a region and
as a state should be making every effort to see that these projects have the
maximum local impact possible, beginning with putting Buffalo Niagara's work
force on the job.

***

Nicole Rosso is project manager for the Buffalo Niagara Partnership Buy Local
Initiative.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 11, 2007 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

UMS releases study on its economic impact

SECTION: Pg. B4

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: FORT KENT


The University of Maine System is doing good things for Maine's economy,
according to a report presented Monday at the UMS board of trustees meeting in
Fort Kent.

For every dollar of state funds it receives, the system generates more than $8
of economic activity in Maine.

"That's extraordinary by any standard," UMS Chancellor Richard Pattenaude stated
Monday in a press release.

This was Pattenaude's first meeting as the system's new chancellor.

"When you factor in the 'ripple effect' of those direct expenditures on both
nonuniversity employment and related sales of goods and services, the result is
$1.5 billion. To put this in context, the University System's $1.5 billion in
economic impact is greater than the record-high worldwide sales [net] that
retailer L.L. Bean experienced for 2005," Pattenaude noted.

Those figures don't include the indirect economic activity resulting from the
outreach work and assistance of UMS institutions to Maine-based businesses and
not-for-profit organizations, he said. It also doesn't reflect the economic
impact that the system's 110,000 in-state alumni have on the local economy
through their personal and career activity.

The report was prepared by James Breece, an economist who serves as UMS vice
chancellor for academic and student affairs. Breece also serves on the state's
nonpartisan Revenue Forecasting Committee.

The $1.5 billion figure was determined by using a standard model for calculating
economic impact, according to Monday's press release. The model combines the
university system's total operational spending with related consumer spending
and applies a multiplier effect to determine economic output.

According to the report, UMS received $184.7 million in state appropriation for
the fiscal year that ended June 30, 2006. That amount represented 31 percent of
the system's total revenue.

The remainder of its revenues came from student tuition and fees (30 percent),
research and development grants and contracts (22.4 percent); room and board,
sales, and services, and other miscellaneous sources (12.4 percent); and gifts,
endowments, and investment income (4.1 percent).

In addition to those direct revenues and related expenditures, students and
visitors to the universities spent $170.2 million off campus on consumer goods
and services such as dining, recreation and transportation.

Along with university-related employment and the salaries and wages it supports,
the economic activity generated by UMS stimulated an additional 7,711
nonuniversity jobs throughout Maine.

"These findings are eye-opening," Pattenaude told trustees. "This new report
indicates that, from a purely economic standpoint, the university system's
influence is much broader and more beneficial to our state than many people
realize."

Breece's report is available online at www.maine.edu/EconomicImpact2007.

Also at Monday's meeting, Pattenaude presented board members with a set of
efficiency initiatives intended to reduce costs, reallocate savings to
top-priority areas, and minimize tuition increases.

The five long-term goals outlined for the system are to:

.  Ensure student success.

.  Enhance Maine's economy and quality of life.

.  Secure a financially sound, high-quality system of universities.

.  Advance higher education as a public priority.

.  Demonstrate environmental leadership.

Pattenaude told the board he will discuss each initiative further as he visits
UMS campuses in the near future.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Warwick Daily News (Queensland)

                              July 15, 2011 Friday

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 261  words

Unbalanced Basin

A SOCIAL and economic impact study released today by the Murray Darling Basin
Authority highlights the significant damage that will be wrought on local
communities and Australia's food and fibre production base by an unbalanced
Basin Plan.

The National Irrigators' Council said the report clearly indicated that a plan
that favours the environment without regard for social and economic impacts will
cost jobs and threaten family farms and communities in regional Australia.

NIC CEO Danny O'Brien welcomed the report's findings, including on options for
improving water buybacks and infrastructure programs so as to minimise the
social and economic impacts.

Grants up for grabs

COMMUNITY groups planning to apply for an Ergon Energy Envirofund grant to help
support energy conservation and environmental initiatives must do so by
Wednesday, 20 July, 2011.

The innovative campaign now in its third year is offering a record $150,000 in
funding this year - an additional $50,000 from previous years.

The extra funding has been made available as a small gesture to assist
communities get back on their feet after the devastating summer of natural
disasters.

Grants range from $200 up to $10,000 and will be made available to organisations
in regional Queensland, depending on the size and merit of individual projects.

For more details or to obtain an application form, visit the Ergon Energy
website www.ergon.com.au

Share your news tip

SPILL your hot news tip to one of our friendly reporters by calling 4660 1315.

Alternatively email edit@warwickdailynews.com.au

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WDN


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: The University of Scranton Awarded $2 Million Economic Growth
Initiative Grant

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The University of Scranton, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following
News release:

The University of Scranton announced today that it was awarded a $2 million
Economic Growth Initiative grant for its new center for rehabilitation
education, a project that is estimated to have an $87.7 million regional
economic impact.

The 116,000-square-foot, eight-story center will house the school's occupational
therapy, physical therapy and exercise science academic departments when
completed in August 2015.

Economic Growth Initiative grants are administered by the Office of the Budget
for the acquisition and construction of regional economic, cultural, civic,
recreational, and historical improvement projects.

"We are so pleased to have the support of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for
this important project. The center for rehabilitation education will enhance our
academic offerings in key health sector fields, while making a significant
economic and community impact," said University of Scranton President Kevin P.
Quinn, S.J. "We are grateful to Governor Tom Corbett for recognizing the impact
that this project will have for the University and Northeastern Pennsylvania."

The new center for rehabilitation education is necessary for the University as
it seeks to provide state-of-the-art facilities that can help maintain and grow
the key academic departments of occupational and physical therapy and exercise
science. It will provide laboratory, classroom, research, office, clinical and
meeting space and will be connected to McGurrin Hall, which houses the other
departments in the University's Panuska College of Professional Studies, which
includes nursing, education, human resources, counseling and health
administration, as well as the Leahy Community Health and Family Center.

The center's academic programs will add well-trained professionals to
Northeastern Pennsylvania in important rehabilitation fields. The fields of
occupational therapy and physical therapy are among the nation's fastest growing
occupations according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. U.S. News & World
Report listed physical therapists and occupational therapists among the "100
Best Jobs of 2013."

The new center will provide substantial economic and community benefits to the
city of Scranton and Lackawanna County. The center will facilitate community
service activities by allowing for expansion of the pro-bono physical and
occupational therapy provided by faculty and the free developmental screenings
for children conducted by occupational therapy students.

According to a report completed by the Northeastern Pennsylvania Alliance in
October 2014, the regional impact of the construction and engineering expenses
related to the center for rehabilitation education and its operation includes:
$87.7 million in economic activity; $6.6 million in federal taxes; an estimated
$3.1 million in state and local taxes; and $36.1 million in labor income,
including the creation of 322 jobs in 2013, 657 jobs in 2014 and 504 jobs in
2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: The University of Scranton Awarded $2 Million Economic Growth
Initiative Grant

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The University of Scranton, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following
News release:

The University of Scranton announced today that it was awarded a $2 million
Economic Growth Initiative grant for its new center for rehabilitation
education, a project that is estimated to have an $87.7 million regional
economic impact.

The 116,000-square-foot, eight-story center will house the school's occupational
therapy, physical therapy and exercise science academic departments when
completed in August 2015.

Economic Growth Initiative grants are administered by the Office of the Budget
for the acquisition and construction of regional economic, cultural, civic,
recreational, and historical improvement projects.

"We are so pleased to have the support of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for
this important project. The center for rehabilitation education will enhance our
academic offerings in key health sector fields, while making a significant
economic and community impact," said University of Scranton President Kevin P.
Quinn, S.J. "We are grateful to Governor Tom Corbett for recognizing the impact
that this project will have for the University and Northeastern Pennsylvania."

The new center for rehabilitation education is necessary for the University as
it seeks to provide state-of-the-art facilities that can help maintain and grow
the key academic departments of occupational and physical therapy and exercise
science. It will provide laboratory, classroom, research, office, clinical and
meeting space and will be connected to McGurrin Hall, which houses the other
departments in the University's Panuska College of Professional Studies, which
includes nursing, education, human resources, counseling and health
administration, as well as the Leahy Community Health and Family Center.

The center's academic programs will add well-trained professionals to
Northeastern Pennsylvania in important rehabilitation fields. The fields of
occupational therapy and physical therapy are among the nation's fastest growing
occupations according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. U.S. News & World
Report listed physical therapists and occupational therapists among the "100
Best Jobs of 2013."

The new center will provide substantial economic and community benefits to the
city of Scranton and Lackawanna County. The center will facilitate community
service activities by allowing for expansion of the pro-bono physical and
occupational therapy provided by faculty and the free developmental screenings
for children conducted by occupational therapy students.

According to a report completed by the Northeastern Pennsylvania Alliance in
October 2014, the regional impact of the construction and engineering expenses
related to the center for rehabilitation education and its operation includes:
$87.7 million in economic activity; $6.6 million in federal taxes; an estimated
$3.1 million in state and local taxes; and $36.1 million in labor income,
including the creation of 322 jobs in 2013, 657 jobs in 2014 and 504 jobs in
2015.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 10, 2013 Saturday

Essex eyes rehab of town landing

BYLINE: James Niedzinski, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 506 words


Aug. 10--ESSEX -- Following receipt of a $10,000 state grant, town officials are
looking for options and ideas of how to improve or rehabilitate the town
landing.

The Massachusetts Downtown Initiative grant provides money and services to
communities looking to revitalize downtown areas. The grant is funded through
the Department of House and Economic Development, and Essex received the grant
earlier this year under the creative economies category.

The town first started the grant application about three years ago, according to
Mike Dyer of the Longterm Planning Committee. Dyer said he was glad the money
was finally approved.

The Main Street landing near Periwinkles -- which owns the adjoining parking lot
-- can be complex to navigate.

"It's all shoe-horned in there," Dyer said.

With state funding approved, the landing also serves as a key boost for the
so-called Essex Village Initiative. That project aims to update the character
and the economic impact of downtown businesses, while also preserve the
resources along the causeway.

"The general idea is too see if that whole chunk of land can be better arranged
to suit the needs and people around there," Dyer said of the landing study.

Officials said the goal is to gauge ideas of residents and stakeholders in the
area such as Periwinkles and the nearby Essex Shipbuilding Museum.

"(We're) starting from scratch," said Longterm Planning Committee Chairman
Andrew St. John.

With that in mind, town officials have scheduled a public input session for next
Thursday on the second floor of the Essex Senior Center on Pickering Street at 2
p.m. The town has tapped ICON Architecture of Boston to carry out a study on the
town landing.

In a letter to the town last month, the firm outlined a scope of the work while
also expressing an interest in working with Essex.

"Essex has all of the assets that define a Cape Ann Community: stunning natural
resources, a cluster of antique business revolving around the area's marine
related heritage, an active arts community, and a committed body of residents
and other stakeholders who value Essex's future," the letter reads.

Some other committee members include local business owners and the
representative of the Essex Merchants Group.

The letter states each planning process is unique, and this landing study will
take into consideration the village plan, the proposed downtown boardwalk,
historic walking tours and other guidelines for the Essex Natural Heritage Area.

"Our planning process will not assume a need to reinvent the wheel," the letter
reads.

The letter outlines the elements of the work, which are making downtown a public
place and focal point, emphasize the area as the town center, clarify vehicle
access and better connect the area to other parts of town.

James Niedzinski can be reached at 978-283-7000, x 3455 or at
jniedzinski@gloucestertimes.com

___ (c)2013 the Gloucester Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) Visit the Gloucester
Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) at www.gloucestertimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130810-GS-Essex-eyes-rehab-of-town-landing-0810-20130810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                     Copyright 2013 Gloucester Daily Times


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday
                                 4Star Edition

City to launch 'Made in Baltimore'

BYLINE: Sarah Gantz

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 736  words


Local artisans and entrepreneurs soon will be able to brag more boldly about the
origin of their products.

As early as next month, Baltimore City's Department of Planning will begin
certifying "Made in Baltimore" businesses - companies that make products in the
city and local stores that sell them. Certified companies will be allowed to
display a "Made in Baltimore" seal on their products, websites and store
windows.

"Baltimore is not the first city to do this, but we need it here," said Andy
Cook, Made in Baltimore's program coordinator.

The program's goal is to boost small, local businesses by encouraging people to
buy from them and increase the number of living-wage jobs available, he said.

"I'm under no illusion Made in Baltimore will do that alone," Cook said. "But I
think it's a piece of the puzzle, and I'm excited to see it."

The program, run through the Planning Department's Office of Sustainability, is
funded by a $100,000 grant from the U.S. Economic Development Administration
with matching funds from Baltimore Arts Realty Corp., Abell Foundation,
Baltimore Development Corp. and the Planning Department, for a total budget of
about $220,000.

Certified businesses will receive a digital copy of the "Made in Baltimore"
seal, a black circular logo with white writing, to apply to their product
packaging, marketing materials and websites. Storefront window stickers also
will be available - once Cook orders them. They'll also be included in an online
directory.

Local business owners welcomed the program as a way to celebrate companies that
have committed to the city and possibly drive more sales among people who want
to buy locally made goods.

"We're proud to be in Baltimore," said Kevin Blodger, a co-founder and director
of brewing operations for Union Craft Brewing in Baltimore's Woodberry
neighborhood. "To be able to put that seal on our business is another way to
show our pride."

The Made in Baltimore seal on quality products could help improve people's
perception of the city, Blodger said. Union Craft has not yet decided how to use
the seal, or whether to incorporate it in the labels on its beer, which is sold
throughout Maryland, in Washington, D.C., and Northern Virginia.

The initiative taps into the trend of conscious consumerism, which has brought
new attention to where goods are made, to worker wages and treatment, and to
sustainability. The seal will make shoppers more aware of which products are
made locally, which could benefit the companies that use it, said Jeremiah
Jones, a co-owner of SewLab USA, a small-scale manufacturer of bags and
accessories in Hampden.

"People are actively searching for that 'Made in U.S.A.' label, and what I
really like about the Baltimore project is it takes it a step further," Jones
said. "People are thinking about where things are being made in a more
community-based sense - not only made in the United States, but made in my own
city, down the street from my house."

In a statement, Mayor Catherine E. Pugh applauded the initiative as a way to
support and grow the "tremendous economic impact being made by businesses
committed to thriving and growing right here in the city."

Made in Baltimore started as a personal project for Cook, who worked with the
Industrial Arts Collective, an alliance of makerspaces and craft manufacturers,
to organize pop-up shops featuring local artisans. Since 2015, the group has
organized five pop-up shops, including one in Hampden this past holiday season.

With the federal grant, Made in Baltimore becomes a city initiative with big
plans for growth.

In addition to the pop-up shops, which Cook plans to continue, the online
business directory and Made in Baltimore seals, the program will aim to develop
the maker and light manufacturing economy and improve access to jobs in those
fields.

Made in Baltimore has already kicked off a business development series called
Workshop Wednesday, which focuses on topics such as marketing and access to
capital.

The series is a partnership with Open Works, a co-working and makerspace in
Baltimore's Station North neighborhood.

In March, Made in Baltimore will start work with the University of Baltimore and
the Urban Manufacturing Alliance, a national organization that promotes urban
manufacturing, on an economic impact survey on the maker and light manufacturing
sector, Cook said. Baltimore will be one of several cities studied.

sarah.gantz@baltsun.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Huntsville Forester

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Chamber vies for town's continued support in marketing plan

BYLINE: Alison Brownlee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 826  words


HUNTSVILLE - The Town of Huntsville has opened its chequebook in the past to
help bring world-renown events to the community and the chamber of commerce is
asking for that same support in 2013. Kelly Haywood, executive director for the
Huntsville-Lake of Bays Chamber of Commerce, gave an update on her
organization's community marketing initiative during a town corporate services
meeting in late November. "We had a fantastic year," said Haywood. "We've had a
number of great successes. And one of the things that has continued to be very
positive is our continued collaboration with the Town of Huntsville - it's
critical to the ongoing success of the program."

The town signed a memorandum of understanding with the chamber in 2011 that
outlined a partnership between the two for the marketing initiative. According
to the memorandum, the chamber would develop and implement the initiative in
exchange for the town's event facilitation and financial support. The town will
pay $60,000 per year until 2014 to the chamber in support of the initiative,
which is geared toward community promotion, tourism promotion and economic
growth. And, according to Haywood, the initiative has been a great success so
far. For example, the 2012 Ontario ParaSport Winter Games was a result of a bid
made by the chamber as part of the initiative. The games saw 382 participants
and 150 volunteers become part of the three-day event, which had an estimated
economic impact of $64,344 for the community. Other successful bids for events
in 2013 include the Ontario 55-plus Senior Winter Games in February with an
estimated economic impact of $171,290 and the Canadian Master Cross Country Ski
Championships in March with an estimated financial impact of $89,635. The
chamber has also been able to support, as part of the initiative, grassroots
events created in the community, such as Spin the Lakes, the Band on the Run
half-marathon, Nuit Blanche North, the Limberlost Challenge, Film North, Muskoka
River X, TriMuskoka and the NorthWords Literary Festival. "We're very proud of
seeing these types of events born in our community and being able to support
them," said Haywood. "Whether we're providing event equipment, a volunteer
database, concierge services or consultation and grant support with these
events, it really helps them get off the ground and become sustainable." And
with the town's financial support the chamber has been able to develop an event
model, which it has used for events such as the Girlfriends' Getaway Weekend,
which will be applied to future events, too. Those future events include the
2013 Comics on the Rocks winter comedy festival and the Doors Open 2013. A
zoomer weekend or culinary festival is also in the planning stages for April.
The chamber has also been able to create a volunteer development program. "One
of the things I identified was how many volunteers it takes to put these events
on," said Haywood. "We're very fortunate in this community to have such great
support, but we've identified that our volunteers are starting to become
exhausted." The volunteer development program encourages new people to get
involved by offering them training courses in first aid, Smart Serve, customer
service and other areas. Haywood said the program is going well. After
discussing a few more marketing initiatives, Haywood concluded by lobbying
committee members for their continued support. "The coming year certainly has a
number of large initiatives happening and we're ready for the task," she said.
"I hope we'll have your support in 2013." Haywood made a similar presentation to
Lake of Bays council as well. Coun. Chris Zanetti, committee chair, expressed
his support for the partnership between the town and the chamber. "I remember
back in 2007 you came to a committee and asked for funding. We agreed to
$100,000 over four years and I was sort of on the fence then," said Zanetti.
"But I must say, now, six years later, the program has grown and become very
successful in my mind." He said he would throw his support behind the initiative
somehow as a councillor during the budget process. "We are discussing our budget
&hellip; and the grant to the chamber is one of the items on there," said
Zanetti. "I will try to support it in some fashion and encourage other
councillors to do the same. You do tremendous work for the community in
partnership with the town and I would like to see it continue." Mayor Claude
Doughty expressed his support for growing events tourism. "It's one of our
principles as a community. And we work hard at it. I think we're more successful
than any community twice our size in Canada. We're doing very well," said
Doughty. "In these economic times it's always difficult to keep that piece
going, but it's never more important than now." Councillors decided during
preliminary budget discussions to maintain the grant to the chamber, but no
final decision has been made. Budget discussions continue.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                            February 17, 2003 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Where art we heading?: With a cultural economic impact study on the horizon,
local theatre veteran lobbies city to treat arts as a marketable commodity

BYLINE: Darren Davidson, Nelson Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 616  words


With a preliminary report on the city's long awaited Arts Economic Impact Study
only weeks away, a Nelson theatre veteran is lobbying City Hall to treat the
local culture more like a marketable commodity.

Theatre producer Richard Rowberry made a pitch to council last Monday in search
of support for a $45,000 summer festival and outdoor theatre initiative.

Rowberry says the city has to see arts as a great economic resource.

"If it was gold or diamonds, there would be no questions about how to proceed.
We'd raise the capital, we'd dig a mine and we'd ship the stuff out."

"In the case of the arts," says Rowberry, "it's a bit different. It's not a
matter of shipping the stuff out, it's a matter of finding a way to bring people
here.

"What we've been doing now, particularly with the performing arts, is comparable
to a bunch of prospectors standing around admiring each other's chunks of ore."

Councillor Donna Macdonald says the new city council sees arts as a "critical
part of Nelson's new economy."

Macdonald says past councils have been increasingly learning and understanding
the economic impacts of arts.

"And perhaps our tendency in the past has been to see the arts as something that
enriches us, but not in material ways necessarily."

The Nelson and Area Economic Development Corporation (NAEDC) has been working on
a study on the economic impact of the city's arts and culture sector since late
last summer. The study's results, culled from over 900 surveys circulated in
August, are due later this month.

NAEDC Economic Development Officer Richard Maddocks says the results of the
study could be used to "take the arts sector to another level," assisting in
everything from job creation and facility development to marketing and grants.

A similar study done in Kelowna in the mid '90s showed that the direct economic
impact of arts in the Central Okanagan, with a population of over 120,000,
topped $37 million per year. Total economic impact was $67 million.

The study found that there were over 1,100 people directly employed in the arts
and culture sector -- more than the combined total of employees at two of
Kelowna's three largest manufacturers. The result prompted Kelowna city council
to substantially increase funding to the arts sector.

Macdonald admits that aside from the usual art programs the city funds, like
StreetFest, Art Walk and the Capitol Theatre, there is no extra money in the
budget for new cultural initiatives this year.

"This council is seeing its role as enablers and facilitators. There are things
we can do -- connecting people, co-ordination, supporting -- that don't involve
cold cash."

Rowberry is applying for $45,000 from the B.C. Gaming Commission. Approximately
$18,000 of that would go towards creation of an outdoor theatre project aimed at
developing outdoor performance venues in some of the city's parks. Some of the
money would also be spent creating a summer festival umbrella group, an
organization that would allow various summer festivals to market together and
"not step on one another's toes."

Rowberry, who has mounted a number of summer theatre series over the past few
years, is looking at ways to develop "outdoor, tourist-oriented performance
venues" in places like Cottonwood Park and the Civic Field. He says he wants to
develop as many venues as possible to host summer events based on local
strengths of heritage and culture.

By adding a series of new events to existing ones like StreetFest, Songfest and
Shakespeare in the Park, Rowberry says the city would have a complete summer
festival line-up.

City council wants Rowberry's group to compile a more thorough report including
venue and financial details, and report back within a month.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2003 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 6, 2008 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                Suburban Edition

Region's Universities Raise Their Tech IQ

BYLINE: Steven Pearlstein

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 967 words


The greatest untold story of the Washington region is the under-performance of
the technology sector.

Given all the federal research institutions and universities in the region, the
educated workforce, and the existing base of government technology contractors,
this ought to be one of the hot technology clusters of the United States, if not
the world. That it's not is largely a result of the absence of an
entrepreneurial culture and the lack of a world-class research university, along
with the fact that we've done pretty well without it.

There are, however, some things in the works that could unlock Washington's tech
potential.

Just this week, five leading universities announced the creation of the
Chesapeake Crescent Innovation Alliance, with the idea that by collaborating and
sharing resources, they might be able to attract funding or engage in research
that no one institution could do on its own.

The university alliance was the first concrete program of the Chesapeake
Crescent Initiative, created earlier this year by business executives George
Vradenburg and Herb Miller, along with the governors of Maryland and Virginia
and the mayor of the District, all of whom were looking for ways to take a more
regional approach to economic development. At this point, the ideas for
university collaboration are still pretty vague: sharing information about the
resources each university has; jointly applying for research grants from the
government and industry; and pooling resources to license technology and broker
connections among academic researchers, venture capitalists and major
corporations.

But what's most significant is the makeup of the alliance:

Â· Johns Hopkins University, arguably one of the world's leading research
universities, which, under President William Brody and new provost Kristina
Johnson -- both successful as academics and entrepreneurs -- has been shedding
its Baltimore-centric insularity and its academic distaste for commercializing
research.

Â· George Washington University, whose new president, Stephen Knapp, the former
provost at Hopkins, and chairman, financier Russ Ramsey, have big ambitions to
raise the school's research profile and entrepreneurial quotient.

Â· The University of Maryland, which has world-class engineering and biotech
programs scattered around various campuses but has never really had the kind of
economic impact on the state that its combined research budget would suggest.

Â· Virginia Tech, a great research machine and brand name whose economic impact,
and whose ability to attract top students and researchers, has been limited by
its location in rural Blacksburg.

Â· George Mason University, whose president, Alan Merten, has the best feel of
any of the region's college leaders about the interplay of universities and the
economy.

It remains to be seen how serious these institutions will be about collaboration
and whether they'll get the financial and political support they need from the
business community and government leaders. But the good news is that they now
understand that their individual success is tied, in significant part, to
creating a vibrant high-tech cluster in the region that can compete successfully
for global talent and capital.

As it happens, several of these universities are also pushing ahead with a
number of other initiatives that hold the promise of significant economic
spinoff.

The University of Maryland has snagged an important anchor tenant for its new
research campus at College Park: IARPA, which will do for intelligence research
what DARPA did for basic research in the defense arena and which should attract
dozens of private contractors into its orbit.

And in a few weeks, Virginia Tech will announce its intention to build a new
research center in Arlington, in collaboration with the National Science
Foundation, where it will conduct cutting-edge research in bioinformatics,
biomedicine and management of the national energy grid. Virginia Tech already
offers more than a dozen graduate programs at campuses in Alexandria and Falls
Church, but the new research center represents a conscious strategy on the part
of President Charles Steger to increase his university's footprint in the
Washington area.

Even more ambitious is a plan being put together by Hopkins, along with the
University of Maryland and Shady Grove Adventist Hospital, to create a 600-acre
"life sciences city" in Shady Grove. It would be home to an expanded hospital
complex, government and academic research labs, biotech companies and
incubators, and a range of academic programs. But it would also include housing,
retail and restaurants, parks, and public transportation infrastructure to
transform what is now a collection of office parks into something more like an
urban academic community.

At the center of the effort are 108 acres of cattle farmland, known as the
Belward Farm, that Hopkins purchased nearly 20 years ago from Elizabeth Banks
for $5 million. As part of a new master plan for the area, the state and county
have agreed to make changes in plans for a new highway and transit line to
accommodate the new complex. When completed, the project would generate hundreds
of millions of dollars in new private investment, create space for tens of
thousands of new workers and students, and be home to thousands of new
residents.

The theory behind the Shady Grove "life sciences city" is that the most vibrant
tech clusters are those in which students, teachers, researchers, entrepreneurs
and government officials can easily and informally rub shoulders, exchange ideas
and hatch bold, ambitious plans. That's what makes places like Cambridge and
Palo Alto so successful and so attractive, and what's largely been missing from
the local tech scene.

Steven Pearlstein can be reached at pearlsteins@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

CORRECTION-DATE: June 11, 2008



CORRECTION: Â· In his June 6 Business column, Steven Pearlstein stated
incorrectly that Virginia Tech will open a research center in Arlington in
collaboration with the National Science Foundation. The NSF is not a partner in
the project.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

U of S gets $2 million state grant for building project

BYLINE: Sarah Hofius Hall, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 308 words


Nov. 13--The University of Scranton will receive $2 million in state money for a
project estimated to have an $87.7 million regional economic impact, school
officials announced Wednesday.

The $2 million Economic Growth Initiative grant will be used for the school's
new center for rehabilitation education, under construction at Jefferson Avenue
and Linden Street.

The grant, part of the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program, is administered
by the Office of the Budget for the acquisition and construction of regional
economic, cultural, civic, recreational and historical improvement projects.

"We are so pleased to have the support of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for
this important project. The center for rehabilitation education will enhance our
academic offerings in key health-sector fields, while making a significant
economic and community impact," said University of Scranton President the Rev.
Kevin P. Quinn, S.J.

Expected to cost $47.5 million, the 116,000-square-foot, eight-story center will
house the school's occupational therapy, physical therapy and exercise science
academic departments when it opens in August.

Not only will it have an educational impact, it will have an economic impact,
too.

A report completed by the Northeastern Pennsylvania Alliance in October
estimates the regional impact of the construction and engineering expenses
related to the center and its operation includes: $87.7 million in economic
activity, $6.6 million in federal taxes, an estimated $3.1 million in state and
local taxes and $36.1 million in labor income. The project is estimated to
create more than 650 jobs this year.

Contact the writer:

shofius@timesshamrock.com, @hofiushallTT on Twitter

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141113-YT-U-of-S-gets-2-million-state-grant
-for-building-project-1113-20141113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

U of S gets $2 million state grant for building project

BYLINE: Sarah Hofius Hall, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 311 words


Nov. 12--The University of Scranton will receive $2 million in state money for a
project estimated to have an $87.7 million regional economic impact, school
officials announced Wednesday.

The $2 million Economic Growth Initiative grant will be used for the school's
new center for rehabilitation education, under construction at the corner of
Jefferson Avenue and Linden Street.

The grant, part of the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program, is administered
by the Office of the Budget for the acquisition and construction of regional
economic, cultural, civic, recreational and historical improvement projects.

"We are so pleased to have the support of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania for
this important project. The center for rehabilitation education will enhance our
academic offerings in key health sector fields, while making a significant
economic and community impact," said University of Scranton President Kevin P.
Quinn, S.J.

Expected to cost $47.5 million, the 116,000-square-foot, eight-story center will
house the school's occupational therapy, physical therapy and exercise science
academic departments when it opens in August 2015.

Not only will it have an educational impact. It will have an economic impact,
too.

A report completed by the Northeastern Pennsylvania Alliance in October 2014
estimates the regional impact of the construction and engineering expenses
related to the center and its operation includes: $87.7 million in economic
activity, $6.6 million in federal taxes, an estimated $3.1 million in state and
local taxes and $36.1 million in labor income. The project is estimated to
create more than 650 jobs this year.

Contact the writer: shofius@timesshamrock.com, @hofiushallTT on Twitter

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141112-YT-U-of-S-gets-2-million-state-grant
-for-building-project-1112-20141112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           February 24, 2007 Saturday

Three groups share $94K for cultural development

BYLINE: By Tony Dobrowolski, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 518 words


PITTSFIELD -- Three Berkshire County entities are sharing $94,000 in grants from
the Massachusetts Cultural Council through a program targeted for economic
cultural development.

The Cultural Pittsfield Initiative, a campaign to brand Pittsfield as a cultural
destination, received $50,000. The Berkshire Cultural Resource Center at
Massachusetts College of Liberal Arts in North Adams received $40,000. Assets
for Artists, a program run at Mass MoCA in North Adams, received $4,320.

A fourth program, the Boston-based Counting on Culture, which funds another
program at Mass MoCA through the New England Foundation for the Arts, received a
$30,000 grant.

More than $1.3K awarded

The MCC this week awarded more than $1.3 million in grants to 38 programs across
the state through the John and Abigail Adams Program for Cultural Economic
Development.

Programs that received MCC grants include efforts to expand cultural tourism on
the North Shore, on Cape Cod, and in the Pioneer Valley and the Berkshires
through innovative arts and heritage marketing, and through initiatives that
foster industries such as crafts and design that support the artists who work in
those industries.

Pittsfield's Cultural Development Director Megan Whilden said that the Cultural
Pittsfield Initiative has received MCC grant funding in each of its three years
of existence. The program received $65,000 in funding two years ago and $40,000
last year. It was formed to help develop programs and initiatives that increase
the economic impact of arts and culture in this region, she said.

Whilden said the funds are being used to develop a new visual identity for the
city of Pittsfield through efforts such as placing banners on downtown streets
and developing Pittsfield's cultural Web site and newsletter. The funds also are
used to market Pittsfield as a cultural destination and to fund projects such as
the two-year Art of the Game project.

"It's like the kitchen sink," Whilden said, referring to the number of projects
for which the grant funding is slated.

Funding opportunities

The funds also are used to offer professional development opportunities, such as
classrooms and workshops, to artists, and they have funded a grant resources
center at the Berkshire Athenaeum that allows artists to research grant
opportunities for free.

Representatives of both MCLA and Mass MoCA were unavailable for comment
yesterday.

According to the MCC, the Assets for Artists grant will enable Mass MoCA to
determine the needs of low-income artists and to explore the potential and
feasibility of creating an Individual Development Account-modeled program for
Berkshire County. Mass MoCA plans to use the funding in conjunction with
Berkshire Community Action Council, the Northern Berkshire Community Coalition
and MCLA's Berkshire Cultural Resource Center.

The latter is a business training and resource center for artists, arts
managers, arts scholars and other arts-related entrepreneurs. It works to
stabilize existing cultural operations in Northern Berkshire and to attract
cultural start-up activities through training and technical assistance.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to the Salvation Army Eliza Shirley Campus

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in revitalizing the Salvation Army's Eliza Shirley Campus,
a facility that assists families in transitioning from homelessness to
self-sufficiency.

"We need to make smart investments that will improve the quality of life for
Pennsylvanians," said Gov. Corbett "The grant will make it possible for those in
need to have the chance at a better future."

The $7.1 million project will include capital improvements such as an indoor day
care facility, a multipurpose community room, and new campus connections.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, 717-783-1116

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS



           Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald (Horse Cave, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 30, 2015

CRTI continues crusade to network communitys trails

BYLINE: Hart Countys News-Herald staff

LENGTH: 736  words


Cave Region Trails Initiative (CRTI) submitted a grant proposal in hopes of
gaining support to their project. The grant that was written is for
administrative support and leadership in developing a master plan to connect
communities surrounding Mammoth Cave National Park.

Cave City Tourism and Convention Commission Executive Director Sharon Tabor is
reaching out for backing on this project by asking others to submit letters of
support or commitment to those who feel they will benefit from the trails. "We
have already received some really strong letters of support from groups. This
will make a huge economic impact," said Tabor.

CRTI continues their crusade that will move towards a regional network of
biking, hiking, walking, equestrian, and water trails to connect communities and
make the Mammoth Cave area in south central Kentucky a more attractive
destination and place to live. This initiative promotes healthy lifestyles while
attracting new businesses, managed with local flavor, resulting in regional
economic growth.

The outcome that is expected with this project will be to connect the following
areas via trails and connect communities including Park City, Cave City,
Glasgow, Smiths Grove, Brownsville, Horse Cave, Munfordville, Bonnieville, Cub
Run, Oakland and Bowling Green Three State Parks (Barren River, Nolin Lake,
Rough River) and One National Park (Mammoth Cave).

The trails will promote outdoor activities and will improve health and lifestyle
options, economic impact, tourism and business development, inventory of the
assets (outdoor rec, cultural -- arts, music, festival/events,
theater,-natural/scenic, agritourism, historical -- national register
districts), marketing products to promote the project, coordinating with other
state, local and federal entities to plan for expansion of alternate
transportation sources (bike lanes, pedestrian lanes,) and engaging youth and
outdoor activity.

Recent surveys collected from http://www.americashealthrankings.org/KY indicate
that Kentucky is 47 in national health rankings. Kentucky's health issues are
associated with physical inactivity, especially throughout the rural population
in the focus area. Some of the most notable health issues include cardiovascular
disease, Type 2 Diabetes, and obesity, all of which can lead to further
complications including death. According to the Center for Disease Control, 86%
of all health care spending in 2010 was for people with one or more chronic
diseases. Being physically active is important to improving personal health.
People who are physically active tend to live longer and have a lower risk for
heart disease, stroke, type 2 diabetes, depression, some cancers, and obesity.
In Kentucky, 46.8 percent of adults and 21.9 percent of youth meet the aerobic
physical activity guidelines. People may have the necessary knowledge, skills,
attitudes, and motivation to be physically active, but if they do not have
access to the necessary places where they can be active, they may be restricted
or prohibited from being physically active. Opportunities and supports that
create or enhance access to safe places for physical activity may include
improving neighborhood access to quality parks, sidewalks, walking paths, and
local or school physical activity facilities. Only 19.8% of Kentucky's
population lives within Smile of a park or other outdoor recreational
opportunities compared to 39.2% nationally. The Barren River District Health
Department, TJ Sampson Hospital, BRIGHT Coalition, Caverna Schools, Glasgow
Independent

Schools, Barren County Schools, Bowling Green Independent Schools and Warren
County Schools are active stakeholders in this project through newsletters,
websites, social media, and educational and physical activity curriculum. The
goal of their participation is to persuade health care clients and students to
adopt more active lifestyles, thereby reducing long-range health care costs.

CRTI will initiate, provide access to, and develop, outdoor space in order to
reduce health challenges within Barren, Edmonson, Hart and Warren County
Kentucky.

If you would like to support the effort by writing a letter of support (i.e.
volunteer labor, grant support, mapping, engineer, financial, marketing,
greenways legislation) contact Cave City Tourism and Convention Commission
Executive Director Sharon Tabor at 502 Mammoth Cave St. Cave City, KY 42127 or
call 270-773-3131.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2015 Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 20, 1995 Friday

Cultural sector sees new source of federal funding Axworthy initiative stresses
need for training, and economic spinoffs

BYLINE: KATE TAYLOR; GAM

LENGTH: 719 words


BY KATE TAYLOR
Arts Reporter
The cultural sector believes it has found a new source of government
funding as it prepares to tap into the federal government's $3-billion job
training budget.

As Human Resources Minister Lloyd Axworthy unveiled the new Cultural
Human Resources Council yesterday, arts executives who helped set it up
were quick to allay artists' fears that it will be just another group
competing for scant funds.

"We are creating a small organization that will deliver money to the
(cultural) sector," Garry Neil, a representative of the publishing
industry, said in an interview. "We are going to be levering a lot of
money from government for these programs. . . . It has been pennies, it
could be millions." (The cultural sector estimates it gets only $2-million
of the $3-billion job-training budget, two-thirds of which currently goes
to people on unemployment insurance.)
   In an announcement from Ottawa beamed by satellite to news conferences
across the country, Axworthy said his ministry will give the new cultural
council $1.5-million over three years, and will contribute another $1.1-
million to an already existing training program that will be handed over
to the new body.

"It's not a sector based on bricks and mortar. It's a sector based on
human originality," he said, stressing both the need for training and the
economic spinoffs of cultural industries.

The new CHRC is the 18th sectoral council the ministry has helped
establish. These non-govermental bodies, run by industry representatives,
indentify training needs and help direct goverment grants in such sectors
as steel, tourism, textiles, auto repair, auto parts, trucking, software,
horticulture, and electronics manufacturing. The cultural version is
expected to become self-sufficient after three years. It will have an
office in Ottawa and three staff members.

The $2.6-million announced yesterday, which comes from the Ministry of
Human Resource's existing budget, does not greatly increase culture's
share of job training money, but those associated with the initiative say
it puts their sector in a better position to get more in the future, and
recognizes the economic impact of the arts.

"Still we get that tired old cliche, 'When are you going to get a real
job?' " Peter Weinrich, chairman of the interim body that preceeded the
council, said at the Winnipeg news conference. "Well, these are real
jobs." Culture generates 360,000 jobs in Canada and has a direct economic
impact of $15-billion, he said, citing figures from just-released studies
that were done by five cultural sectors: audio-visual and performing arts,
music recording, art and crafts, publishing and museums.

In a Toronto interview, Sharilyn Ingram, a representative of the museum
community, echoed that sentiment: "We made it up there with steelworkers."

The new council, which will be governed by a board of representatives
drawn from professional associations and artists unions, grew out of a
training committee first set up by the Canadian Conference of the Arts in
1991. In that guise it has already been administering a government-funded
training initatives program, giving out grants to artists to pay for
classes in everything from puppetry to labour negotiations.

"The response from the (cultural) sector has been very strong," CCA
director Keith Kelly said in an interview yesterday. "They have come up
with excellent programs that have really increased the employability of
artists and cultural workers."

His favourite example is the $5,000 that bought voice lessons for a
young rock singer who was also working in theatre and television
production. The singer, Tyley Ross, recently won the title role in the
musical Tommy that opens in Toronto next month. While the $1.1-million
Axworthy gave the training intiatives program yesterday is already spoken
for by current applicants, Kelly said another $2-million for new grants is
rumoured to be in the works.

The creation of the new council was the key recommendation of the
summary report released by the working groups in the five sectors. Their
federally funded report urges government to recognize culture's link to
new technologies, work with the sector on issues specific to the self-
employed and fund professional development. It also suggests the new
council establish more training programs and a data base of courses
already available.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 20, 1995 Friday

Cultural sector sees new source of federal funding   Axworthy initiative
stresses need for training, and economic   spinoffs

BYLINE: KATE TAYLOR; GAM

LENGTH: 719 words


BY KATE TAYLOR
Arts Reporter
The cultural sector believes it has found a new source of government
funding as it prepares to tap into the federal government's $3-billion job
training budget.

As Human Resources Minister Lloyd Axworthy unveiled the new Cultural
Human Resources Council yesterday, arts executives who helped set it up
were quick to allay artists' fears that it will be just another group
competing for scant funds.

"We are creating a small organization that will deliver money to the
(cultural) sector," Garry Neil, a representative of the publishing
industry, said in an interview. "We are going to be levering a lot of
money from government for these programs. . . . It has been pennies, it
could be millions." (The cultural sector estimates it gets only $2-million
of the $3-billion job-training budget, two-thirds of which currently goes
to people on unemployment insurance.)
   In an announcement from Ottawa beamed by satellite to news conferences
across the country, Axworthy said his ministry will give the new cultural
council $1.5-million over three years, and will contribute another $1.1-
million to an already existing training program that will be handed over
to the new body.

"It's not a sector based on bricks and mortar. It's a sector based on
human originality," he said, stressing both the need for training and the
economic spinoffs of cultural industries.

The new CHRC is the 18th sectoral council the ministry has helped
establish. These non-govermental bodies, run by industry representatives,
indentify training needs and help direct goverment grants in such sectors
as steel, tourism, textiles, auto repair, auto parts, trucking, software,
horticulture, and electronics manufacturing. The cultural version is
expected to become self-sufficient after three years. It will have an
office in Ottawa and three staff members.

The $2.6-million announced yesterday, which comes from the Ministry of
Human Resource's existing budget, does not greatly increase culture's
share of job training money, but those associated with the initiative say
it puts their sector in a better position to get more in the future, and
recognizes the economic impact of the arts.

"Still we get that tired old cliche, 'When are you going to get a real
job?' " Peter Weinrich, chairman of the interim body that preceeded the
council, said at the Winnipeg news conference. "Well, these are real
jobs." Culture generates 360,000 jobs in Canada and has a direct economic
impact of $15-billion, he said, citing figures from just-released studies
that were done by five cultural sectors: audio-visual and performing arts,
music recording, art and crafts, publishing and museums.

In a Toronto interview, Sharilyn Ingram, a representative of the museum
community, echoed that sentiment: "We made it up there with steelworkers."

The new council, which will be governed by a board of representatives
drawn from professional associations and artists unions, grew out of a
training committee first set up by the Canadian Conference of the Arts in
1991. In that guise it has already been administering a government-funded
training initatives program, giving out grants to artists to pay for
classes in everything from puppetry to labour negotiations.

"The response from the (cultural) sector has been very strong," CCA
director Keith Kelly said in an interview yesterday. "They have come up
with excellent programs that have really increased the employability of
artists and cultural workers."

His favourite example is the $5,000 that bought voice lessons for a
young rock singer who was also working in theatre and television
production. The singer, Tyley Ross, recently won the title role in the
musical Tommy that opens in Toronto next month. While the $1.1-million
Axworthy gave the training intiatives program yesterday is already spoken
for by current applicants, Kelly said another $2-million for new grants is
rumoured to be in the works.

The creation of the new council was the key recommendation of the
summary report released by the working groups in the five sectors. Their
federally funded report urges government to recognize culture's link to
new technologies, work with the sector on issues specific to the self-
employed and fund professional development. It also suggests the new
council establish more training programs and a data base of courses
already available.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 20, 1995 Friday

Cultural sector sees new source of federal funding Axworthy initiative stresses
need for training, and economic spinoffs

BYLINE: KATE TAYLOR; GAM

LENGTH: 719 words


BY KATE TAYLOR
Arts Reporter
The cultural sector believes it has found a new source of government
funding as it prepares to tap into the federal government's $3-billion job
training budget.

As Human Resources Minister Lloyd Axworthy unveiled the new Cultural
Human Resources Council yesterday, arts executives who helped set it up
were quick to allay artists' fears that it will be just another group
competing for scant funds.

"We are creating a small organization that will deliver money to the
(cultural) sector," Garry Neil, a representative of the publishing
industry, said in an interview. "We are going to be levering a lot of
money from government for these programs. . . . It has been pennies, it
could be millions." (The cultural sector estimates it gets only $2-million
of the $3-billion job-training budget, two-thirds of which currently goes
to people on unemployment insurance.)
   In an announcement from Ottawa beamed by satellite to news conferences
across the country, Axworthy said his ministry will give the new cultural
council $1.5-million over three years, and will contribute another $1.1-
million to an already existing training program that will be handed over
to the new body.

"It's not a sector based on bricks and mortar. It's a sector based on
human originality," he said, stressing both the need for training and the
economic spinoffs of cultural industries.

The new CHRC is the 18th sectoral council the ministry has helped
establish. These non-govermental bodies, run by industry representatives,
indentify training needs and help direct goverment grants in such sectors
as steel, tourism, textiles, auto repair, auto parts, trucking, software,
horticulture, and electronics manufacturing. The cultural version is
expected to become self-sufficient after three years. It will have an
office in Ottawa and three staff members.

The $2.6-million announced yesterday, which comes from the Ministry of
Human Resource's existing budget, does not greatly increase culture's
share of job training money, but those associated with the initiative say
it puts their sector in a better position to get more in the future, and
recognizes the economic impact of the arts.

"Still we get that tired old cliche, 'When are you going to get a real
job?' " Peter Weinrich, chairman of the interim body that preceeded the
council, said at the Winnipeg news conference. "Well, these are real
jobs." Culture generates 360,000 jobs in Canada and has a direct economic
impact of $15-billion, he said, citing figures from just-released studies
that were done by five cultural sectors: audio-visual and performing arts,
music recording, art and crafts, publishing and museums.

In a Toronto interview, Sharilyn Ingram, a representative of the museum
community, echoed that sentiment: "We made it up there with steelworkers."

The new council, which will be governed by a board of representatives
drawn from professional associations and artists unions, grew out of a
training committee first set up by the Canadian Conference of the Arts in
1991. In that guise it has already been administering a government-funded
training initatives program, giving out grants to artists to pay for
classes in everything from puppetry to labour negotiations.

"The response from the (cultural) sector has been very strong," CCA
director Keith Kelly said in an interview yesterday. "They have come up
with excellent programs that have really increased the employability of
artists and cultural workers."

His favourite example is the $5,000 that bought voice lessons for a
young rock singer who was also working in theatre and television
production. The singer, Tyley Ross, recently won the title role in the
musical Tommy that opens in Toronto next month. While the $1.1-million
Axworthy gave the training intiatives program yesterday is already spoken
for by current applicants, Kelly said another $2-million for new grants is
rumoured to be in the works.

The creation of the new council was the key recommendation of the
summary report released by the working groups in the five sectors. Their
federally funded report urges government to recognize culture's link to
new technologies, work with the sector on issues specific to the self-
employed and fund professional development. It also suggests the new
council establish more training programs and a data base of courses
already available.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Seattle Times (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 18, 2007 Thursday

Philanthropy creates economic hub in region

BYLINE: Kristi Heim, The Seattle Times

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1026 words


Jan. 18--A century after Andrew Carnegie and John D. Rockefeller started the
first big wave of charitable giving in the U.S., philanthropy has become a
booming business.

At the epicenter of this revolution, Seattle is on track to become as famous for
the way it gives money away as for how it made it, speakers at an annual
economic forecast said Wednesday.

"We're on the threshold of an industrial revolution in this new industry of
giving," said Matthew Bishop, American business editor of The Economist,
speaking at the 35th annual Economic Forecast Conference. This year the
conference focused on the economics of global philanthropy.

Call it the "Seattle mystique," or the "compassion corridor," but philanthropy
is creating a kind of economic hub in the region.

Local economist Dick Conway, principal of research firm Conway Pedersen
Economics, said the region is on track to outperform the U.S. economy by a
healthy margin this year. He predicts regional employment to grow almost 3
percent this year and personal income to increase by about 8 percent.

While Conway has never calculated the economic impact of charitable giving, the
influence of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation "could be a magnet for other
activities," he said.

The world's largest charitable foundation now has a $32 billion endowment and at
least $31 billion more on the way over the next 10 years from billionaire
investor Warren Buffett.

The foundation will effectively double its grant making starting in 2009 to
about $3 billion a year, said Chief Operating Officer Cheryl Scott.

To give away money at that rate, the foundation needs to fill 200 new positions
in the next 18 months, she said.

A University of Washington study is under way to assess the economic impact of
global health in Seattle, said Scott Jackson, vice president of the Seattle
nonprofit PATH. He identified some of its early findings:

--Global health programs based in Seattle are reaching people in 65 countries.

--More than 200 organizations in Washington state identified their work as
having an impact on global health.

--About 30 percent of total U.S. funding for HIV research is coming to the
Seattle area.

Business and philanthropy are blending in new ways, and Seattle entrepreneurs
are contributing to the innovation.

Seattle-based Global Partnerships, for example, raises money from private
investors for social-investment funds. The organization is investing $25 million
this year, most of it collected from traditional capital markets, into two dozen
microfinance institutions around the world to increase their capacity to grant
small loans. Such microloans, from $30 to $100, are designed to help poor people
start businesses.

The Initiative for Global Development (IGD), a national network of business
leaders lobbying to make global poverty a priority among policymakers, grew out
Global Partnerships.

The group held a national meeting last year with 200 business and government
leaders. Former Secretaries of State Colin Powell and Madeleine Albright were
co-chairs and President Bush spoke at the event.

The initiative is targeting emerging presidential candidates for the 2008
election to get them to make poverty eradication a top theme, said IGD Chief
Executive Jennifer Potter.

To draw attention to the issue, the president's State of the Union addresses
should include a regular progress report on global poverty, she said.

Some at the Seattle conference questioned whether the root causes of poverty and
inequality are being addressed, or just the ensuing problems.

While more wealth is being generated than ever before, a disparity exists
between the world's superrich and the rest of the population.

A major challenge is making foundations more transparent, accountable and
effective, so all that money can do a better job solving problems than previous
efforts, said Bishop, The Economist editor.

As a global industry, philanthropy "is going to develop many of the attributes
of the for-profit world," he said. That means a more critical eye on areas like
how foundations handle investments.

"That kind of public scrutiny, fair or unfair, is going to be part of
philanthropy going forward," Bishop said.

GOVERNOR PUSHES BIOTECH IN BUDGET: Washington's economy has pumped out 155,000
new jobs over the past two years and companies such as Boeing, Microsoft and
Starbucks are household names the world over. But what's the next big thing?

Gov. Chris Gregoire on Wednesday outlined a 10-year "business plan" that calls
for the state to forge into new frontiers of medicine and high-tech invention,
biofuels and tourism.

The plan calls for expansion of the state economy, which has boomed through
strong manufacturing, agribusiness and high-tech sectors. Gregoire did not offer
price tags for specific initiatives, but said advances under the program she has
dubbed "Next Washington" will include:

--Health care and biomedical advances. Universities, nonprofit research
institutes and foundations, and the private sector will work together for global
health advances through research and development of cutting-edge products and
treatment, she said.

--Biofuels. The alternative energy field can help the environment and create
jobs, the governor said.

--Agriculture. Gregoire said new research can make Washington farms even more
productive and that better marketing can expand this sector.

--Tourism. Gregoire wants to quadruple the state's tourism promotion budget. She
proposes $12 million in public and private financing, plus $875,000 on early
advertising aimed at getting a slice of the attendance at the 2010 Winter
Olympic Games in British Columbia.

--Film. Gregoire said she has changed her mind and now supports efforts to land
more films and TV shows to the state.

The Associated Press contributed.

To see more of The Seattle Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.seattletimes.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Seattle Times Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070118-SE-PHILANTHROPY-ECON-DVLP-20070118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SE


                          Copyright 2007 Seattle Times


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

Walworth County tourism closes strong

BYLINE: Stan Milam, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


Jan. 09---->

DELAVAN -- The Walworth County Visitors Bureau ended 2012 with a bang by earning
a $24,404 state tourism grant and moving from Elkhorn to a new location in
Delavan.

The executive director of the county tourism organization said she expects even
more progress in 2013.

"Our goals and challenges are linked together this year," said Kathy Seeberg.
"We are moving in to our new building, continuing our winter promotion and
looking ahead to the summer and fall."

From its familiar location at 203 E. Walworth St. in downtown Elkhorn, the
bureau has moved to the Lake Lawn Airport on Delavan's far east side.

"We are very excited about the move, especially the opportunity for signage
along Interstate 43," Seeberg said. "We will also serve as an official state
travel center."

The state grant is the third phase of a three-year grant.

"The first year we used the money for research into branding and developing a
new logo," Seeberg said. "We developed our 'Naturally Fun' brand in that first
year."

The second year provided funding for the development of "Snow Much Fun," the
county's winter initiative.

"While we were not surprised when we received the third installment of the
grant, it was not a given," Seeberg said. "We were successful because we brought
in a third-party independent firm to document the positive economic impact the
winter campaign has."

That economic impact was set at $4.5 million in 2012.

"Walworth County offers a unique travel experience by blending rural charm and
urban sophistication," said Tourism Secretary Stephanie Klett when presenting
the grant. "By boosting marketing efforts during a traditionally slower travel
time, Walworth County has an opportunity to promote its strengths and attract a
new market of travelers."

Continued success for the Walworth County Visitors Bureau will be measured in
several ways including expenditures for dining, lodging and shopping, Seeberg
said.

"We will also carefully monitor visits to our website, Facebook account and the
number of requests we receive for information," she said. "We are seeing those
numbers continuing to increase, and we expect that trend to continue in 2013."

The "Snow Much Fun" campaign features a coupon book available at no cost. The
books, obtainable by calling the bureau at 262-728-6000, are good until April
15.

___ (c)2013 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130109-JG-Walworth-County-tourism-closes-strong-0109-20130109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2013 The Janesville Gazette


                              62 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            January 20, 2009 Tuesday

Public investment in research pays major economic dividends

BYLINE: Michael F. Collins

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 948 words


COLUMN: AS I SEE IT

Often overlooked and seldom associated with economic development, the biomedical
research sector is a national treasure.

Amid the current climate and with animated public debate focused on government
bailouts of troubled companies and whole sectors of our economy, the federal
government's funding choices are under particular scrutiny.

Yet with the global economic system gone awry, there is a sound argument for the
wise use of federal dollars to support biomedical research.

Increased investment in biomedical research yields significant economic
dividends to our economy, while contributing to the health and well-being of
American citizens. Those responsible for crafting effective economic policies
and stimulus programs would be well served to prioritize funding of this crucial
area.

Families USA, a national non-profit dedicated to the achievement of high-quality
and affordable health care for all Americans, quantified the economic impact of
investment from the National Institutes of Health, the pre-eminent funder and
driver of biomedical research in the United States. What Families USA found in
its report "In Your Own Backyard: How NIH Helps Your State's Economy" is
compelling.

In 2007, the NIH awarded almost $23 billion in research funding, which directly
created more than 350,000 new jobs nationwide, generated more than $18 billion
in wages and spurred more than $50 billion in business activity in the U.S.

Further, the report documented that NIH investment in Massachusetts, which ranks
second in absolute NIH funding with $2.34 billion, created almost 31,000 new
jobs at an average wage of $59,000, which generated $1.8 billion in total wages
and $5 billion in new business activity.

At the University of Massachusetts Medical School, we have experienced an
equally impressive return on biomedical research investment. The construction
and operating impacts of the Lazare Research Building, our Medical School's
premier research facility that opened in 2001, is a case in point. The $151
million construction cost of the LRB supported 2,300 jobs and an estimated
additional $121 million in indirect and induced economic impacts.

In 2007, research activity in the LRB generated more than $100 million in
operating expenses and supported 700 jobs.

This spending, in turn, supported an estimated additional $105 million in
indirect and induced impacts and approximately 800 jobs.

The impacts of the LRB extend to employment growth in the life sciences industry
as well. From 2001 to 2006, Worcester County experienced 15 percent employment
growth in life sciences research and development and realized 35 percent
employment growth in pharmaceutical and biomedical manufacturing.

It was the LRB's substantial, and documented, economic activity that, in large
part, made it possible for our Medical School to attract a $90 million
investment from the commonwealth's landmark 10-year, $1 billion Life Sciences
Initiative to help with the construction of our newest research facility, the
Albert Sherman Center.

The Patrick administration and the Legislature understood that while a $90
million investment at our Medical School would support the advancement of
pioneering and potentially lifesaving research in such areas as RNA biology,
that investment also could be leveraged to stimulate approximately $1 billion in
new economic activity for the state.

If one medical school can generate such an economic impact while promoting
groundbreaking research, imagine what all the world-class universities,
hospitals and research institutes in Massachusetts and the nation collectively
could generate with renewed investment in biomedical research.

Families USA found that with a modest 6.6 percent increase in NIH funding, the
amount needed to offset for past flat funding and to adjust for current
inflation, Massachusetts would attract an additional $145 million from the NIH.
This would generate 800 new jobs, $112 million in new wages and $310 million in
new business activity. Nationally, the increase would generate $1.4 billion in
NIH investment, creating 9,185 new jobs, $1.1 billion in new wages and $3.1
billion in new business activity.

Recent reports indicate that the Obama administration envisions any economic
stimulus bill to be free of "earmarks" and supportive of initiatives that can
commence within six months of passage of the legislation.

The NIH has long been a most responsible and equitable steward of public monies.
More than 83 percent of its funding is awarded through almost 50,000
competitive, peer-reviewed grants and contracts to more than 325,000 researchers
at over 3,000 universities, medical schools and other research institutions in
every state. In other words, only those proposals deemed of scientific merit
receive funding.

As for fast-tracked projects, the NIH has 10,000 peer-reviewed and meritorious -
but unfunded - grant proposals that could be funded within four to six weeks.
Further, the NIH has already approved non-competing grants at the 90 percent
funding level, which could be moved to the 100 percent level of approved funding
almost instantly.

This recession, and the government's response to it, provides the impetus to
increase our nation's commitment to scientific investigation and to prioritize
biomedical research as an economic stimulus strategy.

As the research enterprise of our state's medical schools and teaching hospitals
continues to drive economic development in the commonwealth, so too can
increased investment in our nation's research enterprise stimulate America's
economy.

Our health and wealth may depend on it.

Michael F. Collins, M.D., is chancellor of the University of Massachusetts
Medical School.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Often overlooked and seldom associated with economic development, the
biomedical research sector is a national treasure. Amid the current climate and
with animated public debate focused on government bailouts of troubled companies
and whole sectors of our economy, the federal government's funding choices are
under particular scrutiny. Yet with the global economic system gone awry, there
is a sound argument for the wise use of federal dollars to support biomedical
research.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            January 20, 2009 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Public investment in research pays major economic dividends

BYLINE: Michael F. Collins

SECTION: COMMENTARY; AS I SEE IT; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 945 words


Often overlooked and seldom associated with economic development, the biomedical
research sector is a national treasure.

Amid the current climate and with animated public debate focused on government
bailouts of troubled companies and whole sectors of our economy, the federal
government's funding choices are under particular scrutiny.

Yet with the global economic system gone awry, there is a sound argument for the
wise use of federal dollars to support biomedical research.

Increased investment in biomedical research yields significant economic
dividends to our economy, while contributing to the health and well-being of
American citizens. Those responsible for crafting effective economic policies
and stimulus programs would be well served to prioritize funding of this crucial
area.

Families USA, a national non-profit dedicated to the achievement of high-quality
and affordable health care for all Americans, quantified the economic impact of
investment from the National Institutes of Health, the pre-eminent funder and
driver of biomedical research in the United States. What Families USA found in
its report "In Your Own Backyard: How NIH Helps Your State's Economy" is
compelling.

In 2007, the NIH awarded almost $23 billion in research funding, which directly
created more than 350,000 new jobs nationwide, generated more than $18 billion
in wages and spurred more than $50 billion in business activity in the U.S.

Further, the report documented that NIH investment in Massachusetts, which ranks
second in absolute NIH funding with $2.34 billion, created almost 31,000 new
jobs at an average wage of $59,000, which generated $1.8 billion in total wages
and $5 billion in new business activity.

At the University of Massachusetts Medical School, we have experienced an
equally impressive return on biomedical research investment. The construction
and operating impacts of the Lazare Research Building, our Medical School's
premier research facility that opened in 2001, is a case in point. The $151
million construction cost of the LRB supported 2,300 jobs and an estimated
additional $121 million in indirect and induced economic impacts.

In 2007, research activity in the LRB generated more than $100 million in
operating expenses and supported 700 jobs.

This spending, in turn, supported an estimated additional $105 million in
indirect and induced impacts and approximately 800 jobs.

The impacts of the LRB extend to employment growth in the life sciences industry
as well. From 2001 to 2006, Worcester County experienced 15 percent employment
growth in life sciences research and development and realized 35 percent
employment growth in pharmaceutical and biomedical manufacturing.

It was the LRB's substantial, and documented, economic activity that, in large
part, made it possible for our Medical School to attract a $90 million
investment from the commonwealth's landmark 10-year, $1 billion Life Sciences
Initiative to help with the construction of our newest research facility, the
Albert Sherman Center.

The Patrick administration and the Legislature understood that while a $90
million investment at our Medical School would support the advancement of
pioneering and potentially lifesaving research in such areas as RNA biology,
that investment also could be leveraged to stimulate approximately $1 billion in
new economic activity for the state.

If one medical school can generate such an economic impact while promoting
groundbreaking research, imagine what all the world-class universities,
hospitals and research institutes in Massachusetts and the nation collectively
could generate with renewed investment in biomedical research.

Families USA found that with a modest 6.6 percent increase in NIH funding, the
amount needed to offset for past flat funding and to adjust for current
inflation, Massachusetts would attract an additional $145 million from the NIH.
This would generate 800 new jobs, $112 million in new wages and $310 million in
new business activity. Nationally, the increase would generate $1.4 billion in
NIH investment, creating 9,185 new jobs, $1.1 billion in new wages and $3.1
billion in new business activity.

Recent reports indicate that the Obama administration envisions any economic
stimulus bill to be free of "earmarks" and supportive of initiatives that can
commence within six months of passage of the legislation.

The NIH has long been a most responsible and equitable steward of public monies.
More than 83 percent of its funding is awarded through almost 50,000
competitive, peer-reviewed grants and contracts to more than 325,000 researchers
at over 3,000 universities, medical schools and other research institutions in
every state. In other words, only those proposals deemed of scientific merit
receive funding.

As for fast-tracked projects, the NIH has 10,000 peer-reviewed and meritorious -
but unfunded - grant proposals that could be funded within four to six weeks.
Further, the NIH has already approved non-competing grants at the 90 percent
funding level, which could be moved to the 100 percent level of approved funding
almost instantly.

This recession, and the government's response to it, provides the impetus to
increase our nation's commitment to scientific investigation and to prioritize
biomedical research as an economic stimulus strategy.

As the research enterprise of our state's medical schools and teaching hospitals
continues to drive economic development in the commonwealth, so too can
increased investment in our nation's research enterprise stimulate America's
economy.

Our health and wealth may depend on it.

Michael F. Collins, M.D., is chancellor of the University of Massachusetts
Medical School.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Enhance Public Broadcasting and Media Education in Southeastern Pennsylvania

LENGTH: 439  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $500,000 Economic Growth Initiative (EGI)
grant to assist in facility upgrades at WHYY's main production and Public Media
Commons facilities.  These upgrades will enhance delivery of public broadcasting
and media education services to more than one million viewers and listeners in
the Southeastern Pennsylvania region.

"Today we are announcing an investment that will enhance the delivery of news,
information and education to Southeastern Pennsylvania," said Gov. Corbett.
"It's an investment that will have a positive effect far beyond the organization
itself, allowing WHYY to help inform and educate for years to come."

This project will also address necessary health and safety enhancements to the
WHYY facility, as well as improvements that will significantly enhance WHYY's
teleproduction capabilities.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Enhance Public Broadcasting and Media Education in Southeastern Pennsylvania

LENGTH: 440  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $500,000 Economic Growth Initiative (EGI)
grant to assist in facility upgrades at WHYY's main production and Public Media
Commons facilities.  These upgrades will enhance delivery of public broadcasting
and media education services to more than one million viewers and listeners in
the Southeastern Pennsylvania region.

"Today we are announcing an investment that will enhance the delivery of news,
information and education to Southeastern Pennsylvania," said Gov. Corbett.
"It's an investment that will have a positive effect far beyond the organization
itself, allowing WHYY to help inform and educate for years to come."

This project will also address necessary health and safety enhancements to the
WHYY facility, as well as improvements that will significantly enhance WHYY's
teleproduction capabilities.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Enhance Public Broadcasting and Media Education in Southeastern Pennsylvania

LENGTH: 440  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $500,000 Economic Growth Initiative (EGI)
grant to assist in facility upgrades at WHYY's main production and Public Media
Commons facilities.  These upgrades will enhance delivery of public broadcasting
and media education services to more than one million viewers and listeners in
the Southeastern Pennsylvania region.

"Today we are announcing an investment that will enhance the delivery of news,
information and education to Southeastern Pennsylvania," said Gov. Corbett.
"It's an investment that will have a positive effect far beyond the organization
itself, allowing WHYY to help inform and educate for years to come."

This project will also address necessary health and safety enhancements to the
WHYY facility, as well as improvements that will significantly enhance WHYY's
teleproduction capabilities.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             June 10, 2010 Thursday

USTDA helps fund feasibility study for solar power plant

LENGTH: 460  words


By Taylor Luck
AMMAN - The US Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) on Wednesday extended a
grant to help fund the feasibility study for the Kingdom's first private solar
power project.


On the sidelines of MENA Power 2010 Forum in Cairo, the USTDA extended a
$617,204 grant to Kawar Energy to support the feasibility for Shams Maan, a
planned 100 megawatt (MW) photovoltaic plant in the southern region.
According to a statement from Kawar Energy, the grant will be used to assist in
developing an implementation plan, technology evaluation as well as a facility
and equipment assessment.
"We are thankful for USTDA's support and endorsement to Shams Maan's project.
The grant is a milestone in progressing the project forward and will surely help
us in determining the right technology to utilise and in the site assessment,"
Hanna Zaghloul, Kawar Energy CEO, said in the statement.
Zaghloul indicated that the feasibility study will also explore the
environmental, social and economic impact of the project on the Maan region and
serve as a "road map" for the project's implementation.
The grant, which was inked as USTDA signed similar grants deals for Egyptian and
Lebanese initiatives, comes as part the agency's support for alternative energy
initiatives in the region, according to the USTDA.
"The MENA region has a wealth of energy resources, the development of which can
contribute significantly to the long-term economic growth and social welfare of
the region," USTDA Director Leocadia I. Zak said in a press statement regarding
the grant signing.
The Shams Maan project, being carried out by a consortium comprising Amman-based
Kawar Energy and Italian firm Solar Ventures, is set to produce nearly twice the
electricity of the current largest photovoltaic plant in Olmedilla, Spain, a
60MW structure.
The plant, which is estimated to cost up to $400 million, would save the Kingdom
up to 160,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions annually, according to the
consortium.
Earlier this year, the Maan Development Area provided the consortium with a
two-square-kilometre plot of land, an area that can be increased to five square
kilometres should the power plant expand its capacity.
Once operational, the plant is expected to have an initial generation capacity
of 1,600 to 2,200 kilowatt hours per year, approximately 1.2 per cent of the
country's current electricity generation.
The construction of the power plant is slated to begin in 2011, the consortium
previously said.

The project, the first large-scale private sector renewable energy generating
project in Jordan, is in line with the national energy strategy, which calls for
the production of 600MW of solar and 1,000MW of wind energy by 2020, according
to the Ministry of Energy.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2010 The Jordan Times.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Syndigate.info, Al Bawaba.com


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for Mt. Aloysius College Expansion

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:
 Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in the expansion of Mt. Aloysius College's campus.

"This investment will continue our mission of making certain Pennsylvania
students have the best education possible," said Gov. Corbett. "This campus
expansion will help educate the next generation of scientists and doctors."

The $20 million project will involve adding 32,000 additional square feet to
Pierce Hall, the health sciences building, and, upon completion, would create
"The Learning Center for Health Science and Technology."

The expansion would also create lecture space, as well as critically needed
additional lab space, classrooms, and communal learning space.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for Mt. Aloysius College Expansion

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in the expansion of Mt. Aloysius College's campus.

"This investment will continue our mission of making certain Pennsylvania
students have the best education possible," said Gov. Corbett. "This campus
expansion will help educate the next generation of scientists and doctors."

The $20 million project will involve adding 32,000 additional square feet to
Pierce Hall, the health sciences building, and, upon completion, would create
"The Learning Center for Health Science and Technology."

The expansion would also create lecture space, as well as critically needed
additional lab space, classrooms, and communal learning space.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Missouri: Beef Initiative Grants

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jefferson: The Department of Agriculture, Missouri has issued the following
news release:



 Governor Nixon convened the Missouri Beef Summit in Columbia to maximize the
potential of Missouri's beef industry and help move the state's rural economy
forward, while at the same time protecting land, air and water resources. The
summit brought together large- and small-scale beef producers with agricultural
leaders and experts to discuss how to grow and improve the herd in Missouri, how
to help producers increase the value of the industry by keeping more cattle
in-state for finishing, and how to better market Missouri beef for its high
quality for both foreign and domestic consumption.


 The Beef Initiative Grants are available to fund research projects that will
enhance our beef cattle industry and allow our state to capture additional
economic value. Grant categories include covered feeding facilities, beef
research, fescue tolerance, innovative solutions and economic impact studies and
small/medium size beef processor modernization.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Llanelli Star Series

                             July 2, 2014 Wednesday

BUSINESS BREAKFAST economy boost

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 235  words


THE economic impact of Llanelli's Parc y Scarlets was reviewed during a
directors breakfast at the stadium.

The event, sponsored by Morgan LaRoche Solicitors, HSBC and Grant Thornton, saw
almost 90 delegates in attendance from across south and west Wales.

Scarlets general manager Jon Daniels welcomed guests and briefly reviewed the
economic impact the iconic stadium has had and continues to have on the local
area.

Director for Morgan LaRoche Solicitors and board member of Swansea Bay City
Regions, Rosemary Morgan, then gave an overview of how the Swansea Bay City
Region is supporting and promoting local businesses.

Representatives from all three sponsors then presented on various specialist
areas around the topic of the morning, which was Building a Better Business.

Delegates were then given the opportunity to ask the experts key questions.

Venue sales and marketing manager Lisa Williams said: "The Directors Breakfast
Series was an initiative I was keen to start when I joined Parc y Scarlets
almost three years ago and I am proud to say it has gone from strength to
strength.

"It offers quality and sound advice from experts in the form of the sponsors and
it gives directors an opportunity to network with other like minded individuals.

"At Parc y Scarlets we pride ourselves on giving every person who walks through
our doors an outstanding experience, whether that is on or off the rugby pitch."

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces $3 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to Assist in Construction of New Cancer Center

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $3 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant to assist in the construction of a new outpatient cancer center at
Abington Health Center-Schilling Campus.

"This investment will enhance access to cancer treatment for patients and
families here in Montgomery County and across the region," said Gov. Corbett.
"Those who are battling cancer should be able to get the best treatment at a
state-of-the-art facility."

This EGI grant will support the construction of a 63,000 square foot,
state-of-the-art Cancer Center to more fully integrate cancer as an outpatient
service in the larger community.

The center will be a comprehensive, integrated outpatient program dedicated to
preventing, diagnosing, treating and improving outcomes in cancer, and will
address the entire continuum of care experienced by the patient. The facility
will focus on a community-based cancer program and care partnership that spans
geographically into primary and secondary service areas to deliver cancer care
close to home.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday

College's SBDC earns $115,000 grant

BYLINE: Sarah Womer, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 320 words


Dec. 15--In a time where the local area is hurting for jobs, Arizona Western
College's Small Business Development Center (SBDC) received $115,000 to be used
over the course of next two years.

The funds, allocated to Arizona by the Jobs Initiative proposal, will be used to
hire additional staff, which will in turn create more jobs targeted in San Luis,
Ariz., and La Paz County, said Randy Nelson, SBDC director.

The monies will allow expansion of services including implementing
higher-quality workshops on topics such as financing and international trade,
Nelson said.

"It will allow us to create more jobs and reach more individuals," he explained.

Nelson said that SBDC is currently servicing the San Luis, Ariz., and La Paz
County region, but due to previous budget restrictions, it was difficult to have
a physical presence in those areas.

He hopes that these funds will allow staff to travel to those areas one to three
days a week, as business develops.

"We've been so busy," he said, noting that it will be nice to add more personnel
to help benefit the business community.

He added that they hope to open the positions for additional staff in January.

SBDC was recently awarded the 2010 Center of Excellence award for outstanding
service to the community and their economic impact on the community.

In addition, Nelson was named State Star, based on attaining the highest
achievement in the combined areas of economic impact and client satisfaction in
the state.

Contact Nelson at (928) 317-6151 to learn more or for employment information.

Sarah Womer can be reached at swomer@yumasun.com or 539-6858.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101215-YZ-College-s-SBDC-earns-115,000-grant-1215-20101215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Tulane grant helps study BP oil spill impact

BYLINE: Tegan Wendland, Reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 336  words


Tulane University will use a $1.4 million grant from the BP Gulf of Mexico
Research Initiative to study the impact of the 2010 oil spill, focusing on three
coastal communities in Alabama and Louisiana.

According to Ky Luu, the principal investigator, Tulane's research will focus on
the health, social and economic impacts of the spill on communities,
vulnerability to future spills and socio-economic factors. Luu is executive
director of the Disaster Resilience Leadership Academy, a program in Tulane's
School of Social Work.

He said the goal is to build resilient communities that are more prepared for
when disaster strikes and hopes to "deepen the understanding from a research
perspective of how these communities were affected by the oil spill, and to take
that evidence and apply it in real time to support the communities to become
more resilient. "

The project will include two communities in coastal Louisiana and one in
Alabama, though Luu said his team has not narrowed it down the specifics as of
yet. The study will include interviews and focus groups with members of the
community that will be used to make recommendations.

These will include leadership trainings and could involve policy
recommendations.

The project will include the university's new computer science department, which
will receive an additional $480,000 to develop a web tool to coordinate
information about the impact of the spill and provide a tool for coastal
communities to communicate with.

Tulane received the grant as part of the Consortium for Resilient Gulf
Communities, a group that was formed to assess public health, social and
economic impacts of the spill. It's part of an $8 million, three-year project
that also includes the RAND Corporation, Louisiana State University and the
Louisiana Public Health Institute.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Revitalize Factoryville Borough

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in the redevelopment and revitalization of the borough of
Factoryville, Pa.

"Renewing and revitalizing our cities and towns helps build a stronger
Pennsylvania." said Gov. Corbett. "Today we are making an investment that will
help create jobs and improve the lives of people in Wyoming County."

The $5 million project will consist of the construction of "The Factoryville
Market Village," on College Avenue.

The 28,000 square foot facility will serve as the home for three different
businesses including a locally-owned supermarket, a bank, and a pharmacy.  The
development will also include 133 parking spots, as well as a loading access and
parking for two delivery trucks.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to ThinkLoud Development, LLC. of York County.  The grant will
be used for the renovation and construction of a nearly 54,000 square foot
office building and data and telecommunications center that will cater to
enterprise, small to medium-sized businesses, healthcare, as well as carrier and
wireless customers.

Located at the intersection of York and Queen Streets and in close proximity to
Santander Stadium, is the 210 York Street campus, comprised of multiple,
contiguous parcels of land.

Upon completion, the York campus will be a compilation of historic preservation,
urban revitalization and the integration of new industry. The conversion of an
old printing warehouse into office space and historic preservation are expected
to transform the neighborhood. The project anticipates to create or retain
nearly 700 jobs and infuse more than $2 billion in tax revenue to the community.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
said Corbett.  "ThinkLoud saw the promise that its involvement in downtown York
could bring to revitalizing the community.  This project will serve as a
technology hub and bring good paying jobs back to the downtown."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett Administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Md. university research is big business but still lags peers

BYLINE: Daniel Leaderman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1078  words


Between the new chancellor of the University System of Maryland and a
legislative proposal to closely link two of the state's major universities,
using university research is increasingly touted as a way to develop the state's
economy.

Research can give way to new companies, new jobs and new revenue, supporters
say.

But are Maryland's research campuses - including the University of Maryland
institutions in College Park, Baltimore and Baltimore County, as well as Johns
Hopkins University and Morgan State University -- reliable economic drivers for
the state?

"The simple answer is yes. It's big business," said economist Anirban Basu, CEO
of Sage Policy Group, who has studied the economic impact of some of the state's
universities. But that business could be even bigger, he said.

The volume of new companies spun out of universities is one frequently cited
measure of their economic impact, but it's not the only important factor. Even
before they get to the commercialization stage, researchers function as
entrepreneurs, Basu said.

"We don't necessarily think of Johns Hopkins researchers as business people. We
think of them as institutional employees," Basu said. But these people are
hiring staff, running their labs, raising capital - doing many things that small
business owners do, he said.

That contributes to employment, increases the tax base and increases demand for
lab and office space, Basu said.

Research funding

And the money spent on research isn't small potatoes.

For fiscal 2014, external research funding at Johns Hopkins University -
including the medical school and the Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel -
totaled $2.8 billion, according to the university. Hopkins has led the nation in
total research and development expenditures for the past several years,
according to the National Science Foundation.

The University of Maryland, College Park drew about $485 million in research
spending in 2014, according to the National Science Foundation, while the
University System of Maryland reports that its 12 institutions, collectively,
attract about $1 billion in grants and research funding each year.

A measure passed during this year's General Assembly session and allowed to
become law by the governor will strengthen a partnership between the University
of Maryland, College Park and the University of Maryland, Baltimore, which was,
in part, conceived to allow joint reporting of each campus's research spending
in the hope of raising the federal rankings and boosting research awards.

Basu is skeptical of that last point: Grants are won by researchers, not
rankings, he said, adding that he didn't see why joining the two institutions
would make individual grant applicants more successful.

'Make money'

In addition to jobs and research dollars, Maryland universities contribute human
capital to the state's economy, said Richard Clinch, executive director of the
Jacob France Institute at the University of Baltimore, who has also published
studies of the economic impact of state universities, including Hopkins and the
University of Maryland, Baltimore.

"You educate students, then they go out and make money," Clinch said.

But both he and Basu say the impact of research spending could be greater, that
the pace of commercializing this research in Maryland has been slow compared to
some other states.

The Ohio Third Frontier Program, launched in 2002, is a $2.1 billion initiative
to help create new companies and support existing industries developing new
products in that state; the Maryland Technology Development Corp., or TEDCO,
established in 1998, isn't quite operating on the same scale, Clinch said.

TEDCO invested a total of $190 million in emerging Maryland companies -- some of
which were spun out of university research projects -- through fiscal 2015.

As home to federal agencies like the National Institutes of Health and the U.S.
Food and Drug Administration, Maryland should be a national leader in innovative
manufacturing. But employment numbers suggest the state is lagging behind, Basu
said.

Maryland boasts about 107,000 manufacturing jobs, according to the state
Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation. Massachusetts, frequently cited
as a Maryland rival in innovation, has about 250,000, according to data from
that state.

Though Maryland ranks second in the nation for federal research grants and NIH
contracts behind California, it ranks 27th in the number of patents awarded; the
top two patent-earning states were California and Massachusetts in 2014,
according to data from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.

While Maryland is still competitive when compared to most other states, it's
probably at a point where it needs to make significant investments in developing
and commercializing technology, Clinch said.

The universities are already starting: Johns Hopkins launched its Fast Forward
startup accelerator program in 2013, and 94 companies were created to bring
Hopkins technology to the market from fiscal 2009 to fiscal 2014. Licensing
revenue increased during that time from $13.4 million to $17 million, according
to the university.

Growing entrepreneurs

From 2011 to 2015, the USM institutions have helped create 388 new startups,
exceeding an earlier goal of reaching 325 companies by 2020. The system has
established research parks -- which provide space for both established and
emerging technology companies that want to be close to university laboratories
-- in College Park and near the University of Maryland, Baltimore and the
University of Maryland, Baltimore County.

Overall, the infrastructure of commercialization in Maryland, including
incubators and accelerator programs for new companies, is better developed than
it was 10 years ago, Basu said. The next 10 years will bring increased
commercialization, more new products and more initial public offerings, he
predicted.

At UMBC, faculty members are starting to look at their work with a more
entrepreneurial eye.

Efforts like the Maryland Innovation Initiative, a program administered by TEDCO
that supports commercialization by funding both new companies and research
projects, have helped faculty members start to think differently about their
work, said Greg Simmons, UMBC's vice president for institutional advancement.

"It's not just flipping a switch," Simmons said. "This is about culture change.



http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Tennessee: TNECD Now Accepting Applications for Tourism Enhancement Grant

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development announced today
applications for the Tourism Enhancement Grant are now available for counties or
cities to enhance or create new tourism infrastructure to increase economic
impact.





 "Tourism development is economic development. In many of our communities,
tourism is the most important driver in the economy," TNECD Commissioner Randy
Boyd said. "With this grant, communities will be able to invest in key assets,
from docks to pavilions to signage.  We will work in partnership with the
Department of Tourist Development to ensure that we help communities invest
wisely and in ways that will get them the maximum return on this investment."



 "During my listening tour, leaders across the state told us tourism is a top
priority that drives their local economy, and communities need assistance
expanding and enhancing these assets," Assistant Commissioner of Rural
Development Amy New said. "As Team Tennessee, we want to be that partner in
assisting them. We are excited to partner with our stakeholders as we continue
to build thriving communities throughout Tennessee."



 "Tourism development and economic development go hand in hand," Tennessee
Department of Tourist Development Commissioner Kevin Triplett said. "As the
partnership between our two departments continues to grow, we have an even
greater appreciation for the support TNECD is providing through opportunities
like this for tourism initiatives across the state."



 The goal of the Tourism Enhancement Grant is for cities or counties to improve
and create local tourism infrastructure assets, such as wayfinding signage,
stages, boat ramps, scenic pull-offs and public restrooms to improve their
tourism economic impact. This grant will be available for up to $50,000 with a
match requirement based on economic status. The grant is also eligible for up to
$20,000 for counties or cities who have a desire to develop a tourism asset
plan.



 All interested local governments must submit their completed applications by
April 18, 2016. Applications and additional information regarding the grant can
be found at tn.gov/TourismGrant.



 About the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development



 The Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development's mission is to
develop strategies which help make Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast
for high quality jobs. To grow and strengthen Team Tennessee, the department
seeks to attract new corporate investment in Tennessee and works with Tennessee
companies to facilitate expansion and economic growth. Tennessee is the only
three-time winner of "State of the Year" for economic development by Business
Facilities magazine. Find us on the web: tnecd.com. Follow us on Twitter:
@tnecd. Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/tnecd.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            April 14, 2007 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

FORD FOUNDATION PRESIDENT TO SPEAK

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 125 words


Susan Berresford, president of the Ford Foundation, will be the guest speaker at
a community event Tuesday in Wisconsin Rapids.

She will speak at the Third Year Celebration of the Community Progress
Initiative, which will begin at 5:30 p.m. at Hotel Mead in Wisconsin Rapids.
Tickets are $30 per person, and reservations are required by calling
715-423-1830.

Berresford was named by Forbes Magazine in 2007 as "one of the most powerful
women in the world.'' The Ford Foundation is a nonprofit, grant-making
organization with assets more than $11 billion.

The Community Progress Initiative is a grass-roots effort designed to address
the economic impact of a changing economy in northern Wisconsin. For more
information, go to www.progressinitiative.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Develop Weavertown Industrial Park; Create and Retain More Than 350 Jobs

LENGTH: 478  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $3 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in the construction and development of Weavertown
Industrial Park.

"This investment will continue our mission of making certain Pennsylvania job
creators can compete in the global economy," said Gov. Corbett. "This project
will assist in creating and retaining more than 350 family-sustaining jobs in
Beaver County."

The $15 million project will include the development of an abandoned industrial
site along the Ohio River in Potter Township. The EGI grant will assist in the
construction of a water treatment plant and barge docking facility. The overall
project will also include the re-construction of a biofuel plant and rail spur
terminal.

Dawn Fuchs, President and CEO of Weavertown Environmental Group, is looking
forward to her company participating in the economic growth of Beaver County.

"We will be creating good family jobs for Beaver County workers," said Fuchs.
"Weavertown believes in a great community partnership where industry and job
opportunities come together."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             June 25, 2011 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                                  ALL EDITION

Soft drink prices are going up

BYLINE: State Journal staff, wire services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 491 words


Coca-Cola Co.'s two big bottlers both plan to raise prices starting next month.

The trade publication Beverage Digest reported the news, citing letters that the
bottlers sent to retail customers. Both blame the rising costs of materials like
aluminum, plastic, corn and oil, which they use to make and transport products.

Coca-Cola Refreshments said it would raise prices by 3 to 4 percent on July 31;
Coca-Cola Consolidated said it would raise prices 3 to 5 percent in early July.

Coca-Cola confirmed the price hikes.

Program helped save $54 million

A new report finds a pilot sustainability program helped small and medium
Wisconsin manufacturers realize financial savings as well as environmental
benefits.

The state Profitable Sustainability Initiative was launched last year with a
$1.75 million stimulusfunded grant awarded by the administration of then-Gov.
Jim Doyle.

The grant enabled the Wisconsin Manufacturing Extension Partnership to have
consultants help factories implement projects designed to reduce waste and
energy use.

Manufacturers in the program are projected to achieve $54 million in savings
while reducing waste and emissions.

The program was launched with 45 companies.

Area bank agrees to pay penalty

The Bank of Sun Prairie has agreed to pay a penalty of $1,785 for several
violations of rules involving flood insurance for loans on properties in flood
hazard areas.

The April 19 order, in which the bank neither confirmed nor denied the
violations, was disclosed Friday by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.

Georgia bank closing is the 48th of 2011

Regulators have shut down a small bank in Georgia, boosting to 48 the number of
U.S. bank failures this year as the economy struggled and bad loans piled up.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. on Friday seized Mountain Heritage Bank in
Clayton, Ga., with $103.7 million in assets and $89.6 million in deposits. First
American Bank and Trust Co., based in Athens, Ga., agreed to assume the assets
and deposits.

The failure of Mountain Heritage Bank is expected to cost the deposit insurance
fund $41.1 million.

Berkshire to get the rest of Wesco

Wesco Financial shareholders have approved selling the remaining 19.9 percent of
the company's stock to Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway.

Berkshire, based in Omaha, Neb., will buy the 1.4 million shares it doesn't
already own for $385 per share, or about $545.4 million.

Wesco, of Pasadena, Calif., has been an indirect subsidiary of Berkshire since
1983.

Wesco is a conglomerate, owning insurance businesses and a mix of operating
companies, similar to Berkshire but smaller and less diverse.

BRIEFLY

COMMODITIES: Gold for August delivery fell $19.60 Friday to settle at $1,500.90
an ounce. July silver fell 36.4 cents to $34.638 an ounce.

July copper rose 5.95 cents to $4.0985 a pound. September wheat fell 8.25 cents
to $6.61 a bushel. December corn dropped 14 cents to $6.32 a bushel. November
soybeans fell 8 cents to $13.0925 a bushel.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 29, 2011



CORRECTION: Sustainability Initiative savings misstated An item in the digest
column of Saturday's Business section incorrectly defined the savings from the
state Profitable Sustainability Initiative. The Wisconsin Manufacturing
Extension Partnership said the total economic impact of the program will be $54
million over five years. That includes $26.9 million in savings.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday

Easypaisa gets $6.5m grant to strengthen distribution network

BYLINE:  Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 366

LENGTH: 310  words


Easypaisa, a joint initiative of Telenor Pakistan and Tameer Micro Finance Bank,
has secured $6.5 million grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to
increase adoption of its mobile financial services among Pakistan's poorest
households and to strengthen its distribution network in poor and rural
communities.

To announce the grant, a press conference was held at Telenor Pakistan's head
office. In his opening remarks, Roar Bjaerum, Vice President of Financial
Services at Telenor Pakistan, said that accessible mobile financial services can
help catalyze Pakistan's socio-economic efforts. "Financial exclusion of the
lower income population is a systemic challenge in Pakistan.

With more than 85pc of population not having access to formal savings or credit
products, many households are vulnerable to fluctuations in daily income and
unable to absorb economic shocks from unexpected events. Easypaisa's vision is
to serve as a vehicle for financial inclusion for such households. The grant
will help us accelerate adoption of Easypaisa services among poor and unbanked
individuals," he said.

Rodger Voorhies, Director of the Gates Foundation's Financial Services for the
Poor initiative, in a message said that the aim of the project was to expand the
range of services poor Pakistanis can access through Easypaisa: "While Easypaisa
has seen rapid adoption of its payment and remittance services, adoption of
mobile financial services, like savings and insurance, has been slower,"
Voorhies said.

"This grant aims to accelerate adoption of Easypaisa's Mobile Account among poor
and unbanked households to create a foundation for the delivery of savings,
insurance and other mobile financial services."

Telenor Pakistan's Roar Bjaerum also spoke about Easypaisa services and the
socio-economic impact and future of mobile financial services in Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Pittsburgh Symphony

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1.5 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to assist in the renovations of Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts, home
of Pittsburgh Symphony Inc. (PSI)

"Heinz Hall is an institution in Pittsburgh," Gov. Corbett said. "This
investment will allow the Pittsburgh Symphony to entertain and captivate the
imaginations of Pennsylvanians for generations to come."

The $3.7 million Heinz Hall renovation project will include improvements to
handicap accessibility throughout the complex, and a complete redesign of Heinz
Hall's Grand Tier Lounge.

Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center and concert hall
in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh. Home to the Pittsburgh Youth Symphony
Orchestra and the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, the 2,600 seat hall was built
in 1927 as Loew's Penn Theatre then renovated and reopened as Heinz Hall in
1971.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Pittsburgh Symphony

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1.5 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to assist in the renovations of Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts, home
of Pittsburgh Symphony Inc. (PSI)

"Heinz Hall is an institution in Pittsburgh," Gov. Corbett said. "This
investment will allow the Pittsburgh Symphony to entertain and captivate the
imaginations of Pennsylvanians for generations to come."

The $3.7 million Heinz Hall renovation project will include improvements to
handicap accessibility throughout the complex, and a complete redesign of Heinz
Hall's Grand Tier Lounge.

Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center and concert hall
in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh. Home to the Pittsburgh Youth Symphony
Orchestra and the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, the 2,600 seat hall was built
in 1927 as Loew's Penn Theatre then renovated and reopened as Heinz Hall in
1971.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, 717-783-1116

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Pittsburgh Symphony

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1.5 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to assist in the renovations of Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts, home
of Pittsburgh Symphony Inc. (PSI)

"Heinz Hall is an institution in Pittsburgh," Gov. Corbett said. "This
investment will allow the Pittsburgh Symphony to entertain and captivate the
imaginations of Pennsylvanians for generations to come."

The $3.7 million Heinz Hall renovation project will include improvements to
handicap accessibility throughout the complex, and a complete redesign of Heinz
Hall's Grand Tier Lounge.

Heinz Hall for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center and concert hall
in the Cultural District of Pittsburgh. Home to the Pittsburgh Youth Symphony
Orchestra and the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra, the 2,600 seat hall was built
in 1927 as Loew's Penn Theatre then renovated and reopened as Heinz Hall in
1971.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     September 20, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Women Business Owners Are the Future of Incubators and Entrepreneurial Growth
Says Empowered Lab

BYLINE: Empowered Lab Communications

LENGTH: 856  words


Phoenix, AZ,  September 20, 2015 --(PR.com)-- In the last five years, billions
of dollars have been invested in entrepreneurial programs, incubators and
business resources across the country to spur economic growth. "It should come
as no surprise then as the entrepreneurship wave slows, people are now
questioning their return on investment," says Kristin Slice, owner of Empowered
Lab Communications and founder of the PhXX Forward women's collaborative.

To continue to receive funding and to survive past the initial "entrepreneurship
wave," organizations that provide these services are going to evolve. Many
organizations applied for grants and set up entrepreneurship programs because
the topic received funding at a time when others did not. Several organizations
that are really good at fund raising and thought that they could throw together
a training program for entrepreneurs will be asked to prove their true impact,
Slice predicts.

Two of the major funding sources in the field, the Small Business Administration
(SBA) and the Kauffman Foundation, have both put out several grants and programs
looking for further research into creating effective resources.

"Anyone who has worked in economic development and entrepreneurial support is
not surprised and in fact is prepared for this 'show me the money attitude',"
Slice continues. "Established agencies and service providers have been doing it
for years. What is more interesting is the second large trend that funders are
looking at this year--showing impact and the ability to serve a diverse set of
entrepreneurs especially women business owners."

The U.S. Census Bureau recently released the preliminary data from the 2012
survey of business owners. It showed a 21.7 percent increase in the number of
Women Owned Businesses since 2007.

The SBA and the Women's Business Council recently put out a request for
organizations to research this area. The scope of work included this excerpt:

"Many resources, programs, and initiatives exist, but the Council has heard
repeatedly from women business owners that it is difficult to navigate the
plethora of options available and to select the appropriate one for their
businesses and current growth stages."

In the Kauffman Foundation's most recent Policy Digest they proclaim, "Women
entrepreneurs are key to accelerating growth." And they, too, have a call out
for research on how resources are effectively serving more diverse populations.

"Resources that only serve and represent a small portion of the populations are
not a sustainable model," Slice emphasizes. "In the past, incubators and
business programs have addressed concerns about diversity and 'bro-grammer'
culture as simply not true and quickly brush off the critics by saying they
welcome everyone. In the next few years, they will be asked to not only show
that they are open to women but that they can create a real impact by supporting
women- led firms. Simply putting 'women' in front of a training program and
being able to show at least some female participation will not be enough."

Organizations need to be prepared for this change because research has shown
that slapping together a new curriculum and a new brochure showing a women on
the front does not create more economic impact.

"The good news is that now we have expansive research on women owned
businesses," Slice explains. "We have proven knowledge of how these
organizations are different, the challenges they face and how resources can
effectively help them expand."

This shift towards supporting women entrepreneurs requires a great emphasis on
resources not only providing basic business tools but also providing business
counseling and support navigating tools.

"Put simply, most basic business tools and small business curriculum are written
for and from, white males," Slice says. Meaning that if you are not a white
male, it can be hard to relate to that tool or understand how to apply that tool
for your business because it looks fundamentally different.

In addition, because women business owners have different strengths and
different weaknesses, programs have to be able to effectively address those
differences to help them create economic impact on a wider scale.

The organizations that will emerge victorious are the ones that will invest in
training for their staff and will take diversity as a major initiative in their
strategic planning for the future.

What this means for women business owners is that now is the time to get
involved. "If you are struggling to find quality resources for your business or
if you have a negative experience, share that story," Slice says. Greater
collaboration between women's business groups and a shift in focus away from
"networking" and toward community organizing will help shape the shifting
landscape in a way that can have significant impact for generations of business
owners to come.

Empowered Lab Communications creates innovative training programs to help
organizations better reach and serve women business owners. For more
information, visit www.empowered-lab.com or contact owner Kristin Slice at
kristin@empowered-lab.com or 602-499-5607.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       The Quoddy Tides (Eastport, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 27, 2013

Grant aids Holmes building renovation

BYLINE: The Quoddy Tides staff

LENGTH: 437  words


Two Washington County organizations have been selected to receive USDA Rural
Development grants. The Tides Institute & Museum of Art in Eastport has been
selected to receive a Community Facility Rural Economic Impact Initiative Grant
in the amount of $50,000. Funds will be used to complete renovations to the
Holmes building in downtown East-port. The improvements will assist in creating
regional and community studio space for local and visiting artists along with
improved accommodations for the community cultural and educational services.

The Washington-Hancock Community Agency (WHCA) in Machias has been selected to
receive a Rural Business Opportunity Grant in the amount of $35,000. Funds will
be used to support the Incubator Without Walls (IWW) and Entrepreneurship for
Enterprising Youth (EEY) programs. IWW provides participants with business
training, technical assistance and business counseling. As a complement to the
IWW program, WHCA plans to roll out its first ever EEY program. This program is
for high school juniors and seniors who have demonstrated an interest in
creating their own business or earning a living through self-employment.

In addition, Four Directions Development Corporation in Orono has been selected
to receive a Rural Business Opportunities Grant in the amount of $44,400. Funds
will be used to foster business development and asset building through basic
computer, financial and business literacy training, enhanced by ongoing business
technical assistance. As part of the organization's Wabanaki Asset Building
Initiative, the program will assist Native American entrepreneurs and artisans
in advancing skills for making their businesses more prosperous and sustainable.

The grants were among those announced during the September 18 meeting of the
White House Rural Council with officials from economic development districts,
county governments and nonprofit organizations to discuss ways to replicate
successful regional economic development strategies.

USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel says, "Two key leaders
from Maine are participating in this important meeting of the White House Rural
Council. Sunrise County Economic Council Executive Director Harold Clossey and
Northern Maine Development Commission Executive Director Robert Clark are
participating in today's conversation on creating economic development
strategies in rural communities. These organizations are valuable partners in
promoting economic growth for businesses and community organizations in
Washington and Aroostook counties, and are critical partners in Maine's Great
Regions Initiative."

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QDY

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Quoddy Tides


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              July 26, 2010 Monday

Caribana a victim of cultural racism?;
Caribana to dazzle, on a budget, July 19

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 310 words


Caribana to dazzle, on a budget, July 19

It is very unsettling, yet not unexpected, that Caribana is being treated like a
cultural outsider and a barbarian at the gate by governments. Why is it that the
largest festival in this country with the greatest economic impact is treated as
the cultural Cinderella within the family of Canadian festivals?

The Calgary Stampede is normally regarded as the largest "Canadian" festival,
but its economic impact is merely $173 million versus the $438 million generated
by Caribana over a two-week period. It is difficult for a reasonable person to
not see race and culture mediating how government funding is distributing grants
to cultural projects.

While the federal government's Marquee Tourism Events Program gave the Calgary
Stampede, Carnaval de Quebec, and Stratford Shakespeare Festival $1,001,625,
$1,449,435 and $3 million in grant funding, respectively, Caribana didn't get a
penny in 2010.

The Celebrate Ontario fund obviously does not count Caribana as a true
reflection of the cultural fabric of this province. Why would this provincial
funding program give $300,000 each to the Hot Docs, Stratford Shakespeare
Festival, TD Canada Trust Ottawa International Jazz Festival, Pride
Toronto/Pride Week, Toronto International Film Festival, Luminato and Rogers Cup
initiatives this year, but zilch to the best economic performer in this country?

Is Caribana a victim of cultural racism? This festival is obviously being
treated differently and I cannot see any rational reason for the difference in
funding when compared with festivals that are seen as a part of the white
mainstream or alternative culture scene.

Caribana is making tons of cash for the government and private business, while
the creators of this festival are subsidizing it with their volunteer labour,
intellect and creativity.

Ajamu Nangwaya, Toronto

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Revitalize Kinder Park Homes

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:
Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $500,000 Economic Growth Initiative (EGI)
Grant to assist in the revitalization of the Kinder Park Homes development in
Woodlyn, Pa.

"This investment will continue our mission of ensuring a better way of life for
working families" said Gov. Corbett. "Affordable housing for hard working
Pennsylvanians helps build a stronger economy."

The $60 million overall project includes the complete master planned replacement
of 156 deteriorating townhouse units in the public housing development,
construction of a new community center, a new senior apartment building, a
renovated maintenance building, and a new utility and road infrastructure.

Once completed, The Kinder Park development will be comprised of mixed-income
affordable rental units for seniors and families.

"The Delaware County Housing Authority wants to thank Governor Corbett for his
commitment of $500,000 in EGI grant funds which will assist in eliminating
blight, revitalizing the Kinder Park neighborhood and creating much needed
living wage jobs in Ridley Township Delaware County," said Larry Hartley,
Executive Director of the Housing Authority of Delaware County.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Revitalize Kinder Park Homes

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $500,000 Economic Growth Initiative (EGI)
Grant to assist in the revitalization of the Kinder Park Homes development in
Woodlyn, Pa.

"This investment will continue our mission of ensuring a better way of life for
working families" said Gov. Corbett. "Affordable housing for hard working
Pennsylvanians helps build a stronger economy."

The $60 million overall project includes the complete master planned replacement
of 156 deteriorating townhouse units in the public housing development,
construction of a new community center, a new senior apartment building, a
renovated maintenance building, and a new utility and road infrastructure.

Once completed, The Kinder Park development will be comprised of mixed-income
affordable rental units for seniors and families.

"The Delaware County Housing Authority wants to thank Governor Corbett for his
commitment of $500,000 in EGI grant funds which will assist in eliminating
blight, revitalizing the Kinder Park neighborhood and creating much needed
living wage jobs in Ridley Township Delaware County," said Larry Hartley,
Executive Director of the Housing Authority of Delaware County.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Help Refurbish Eastern State Penitentiary

LENGTH: 497  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $500,000 Economic Growth Initiative (EGI)
Grant to assist in structural improvements to the Eastern State Penitentiary
site in Philadelphia.

"Eastern State Penitentiary has become an international destination, and is
ranked fifth among Philadelphia's most visited attractions," said Gov. Corbett.
"This grant will ensure they can continue to attract a larger audience each
year."

The $1.2 million project will consist of infrastructure improvements which will
continue the roofing and skylight construction work to stem the damaging water
infiltration to the National Historic Landmark site.

"We're grateful that the Corbett Administration understands the economic impact
that this attraction is having here in Southeastern Pennsylvania," Sally Elk,
CEO, Eastern State Penitentiary.

"Each year, we are receiving more visitors from across the globe, and this grant
will help ensure we can continue to expand the tour route to attract more
visitors for years to come."

Eastern State Penitentiary was opened by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in
1829.  During its 140 years as an operating prison, it was home to infamous
inmates Al Capone and Willie Sutton. In 1966, before the Commonwealth closed
Eastern State, it was designated as a National Historic Landmark for its
worldwide influence on prison reform, operation and construction.

Closed in 1971, Eastern State Penitentiary reopened as a cultural site in 1994.

Now a stabilized ruin, it attracts more than 300,000 visitors annually.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                 April 14, 2011

Impact initiative will 'corrupt thinking', Nobel laureates claim

BYLINE: Paul Jump

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9 No. 1994

LENGTH: 332  words


Nine Nobel laureates have thrown their weight behind a campaign urging academics
to refuse to assess the impact section of research council grant applications
they referee.

In a letter in today's Times Higher Education, the group says the research
councils' "Pathways to Impact" initiative, which requires grant applicants to
explain how they will maximise the impact of their research, "corrupts
researchers' thinking, obliges them to prejudge results while planning their
proposals and encourages them to aim for attainable goals".

The 49 signatories, who include 25 Fellows of the Royal Society, say researchers
asked to review Pathways to Impact statements should "make such responses as 'I
am not competent to assess the future potential socio-economic impact of this
proposal'".

Two years ago, a smaller group of senior academics, also coordinated by Don
Braben, honorary professor of earth sciences at University College London,
called for a "modest revolt" by reviewers against impact.

Professor Braben admitted that not as many academics had made a stand as he
would have liked. He suggested reviewers were wary of damaging their
laboratories' future funding, saying that several of the senior figures he had
approached had told him they supported him but "could not risk" adding their
name to his letter.

He said his group was likely to launch a petition next week, but added that the
quality of an argument should carry more weight than the number of people who
endorse it.

The powers that be "continue to ignore us completely and say: 'Impact is a done
deal'", he said.

Professor Braben added that Pathways to Impact should be abolished even if this
resulted in a cut to the research budget. "It will permanently damage research
by slowly eroding the environment in which people can be creative. The message
will get around that you are in research to invent things that will be of use -
and that will undermine the very purpose of a university."

paul.jump@tsleducation.com

Letters, page 38.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             May 26, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

World juniors a boon to local, Canadian hockey

BYLINE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 375 words


Hockey Canada announced the total economic impact of the 2012 IIHF world junior
champion-ship tournament held in Calgary and Edmonton was an estimated $86.2
million.

A study conducted by the Canadian Sport Tourism Alliance assessed that there was
over 30,000 visitors to Calgary, Edmonton and other Alberta communities with
expenditures over $14 million. Also, there were over $11.5 million in tax
revenues for all three levels of government.

The event - which ran from Dec. 26 through Jan. 5 - is set to benefit hockey in
Alberta and Canada for years to come, contributing to a legacy worth over $22
million in funding.

While exact financial figures are still waiting to be confirmed, Hockey Canada
announced that over $9 million will be put into grassroots programs, high
performance programs and international programming including initiatives in
recruitment, retention, technology and e-learning. Over $6.6 million will be put
into the Canadian Hockey League - the main supplier of players for the Canadian
world junior team - for player development and its scholarship fund. Over
$950,000 is going to the host commit-tee, host Hockey Canada branch, and Hockey
Alberta for various initiatives; $165,000 will go to each of Hockey Canada's 12
other member branches for grassroots programming.

"Hockey Canada congratulates the host committee and the Province of Alberta for
all its work in making the 2012 IIHF world junior championship such a success,"
said Hockey Canada chief operating officer Scott Smith in a re-lease. "Hockey
Canada would also would like to thank the Calgary Flames, the Edmonton Oilers,
Northlands, the Government of Canada, the Province of Alberta and cities of
Calgary and Edmonton for their great support to this event.

"In seeing the legacy of this event and the economic impact that it has had on
the two host communities, the host province and grassroots hockey in Canada, we
will continue to work together with our partners to bring major international
events to Canada on a regular basis."

About $3 million will be dumped into future hosting opportunities of
international championships in Canada while $1.5 million goes back to the IIHF
along with $450,000 to participating federations to help grow the sport in the
world.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

DOD Approves Community Economic Adjustment Grants for the Oshkosh, Wis., and
Texarkana, Texas, Regions in Response to Reductions in Defense Expenditures

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Defense, The Government of USA has issued the following
announcemen:


The Department of Defense announced today two community economic adjustment
grants from the Office of Economic Adjustment (OEA).

The East Central Wisconsin Regional Planning Commission was awarded an $837,315
grant to assist the region's response to the loss of 1,200 positions at the
Oshkosh Corporation's Defense Division.  These federal funds are part of a
larger $937,316 project to:  align local economic development plans and update
them with diversification strategies; promote the growth of new and existing
businesses in targeted industries through workforce and supply chain initiatives
; map the regional defense industry supply chain; and, provide technical
assistance to Oshkosh suppliers and affected workers.



Workforce Solutions Northeast Texas was awarded a $456,722 grant to respond to
the reduction of 1,225 civilian employees at the Red River Army Depot.  These
federal funds are part of a larger $517,469 project to study reemployment
opportunities for the displaced workforce, identify the region's comparative
advantages, and develop opportunities to diversify local economic activity.

These grants are awarded under OEA's Defense Industry Adjustment Program to
assist states and communities that have been significantly impacted by
reductions or cancellations in DoD spending.  States and communities can request
OEA assistance to:  organize representatives to respond on behalf of affected
communities, workers, and businesses; plan local community and economic
adjustment activities to lessen local economic impacts; and, carry-out plans to
replace lost economic activity.  OEA project managers work with impacted areas
to coordinate a broader program of assistance from across the federal government
when necessary.  Strategic regional initiatives will leverage cutting edge
skills and technology to attract new investments, helping to preserve industrial
base capacity even as DoD spending declines.  Proposals are considered for
funding on a rolling basis, subject to the availability of appropriations.

For more information please visit: http://www.defense.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           January 26, 2013 Saturday

Bold plan could shift North Port into high gear

BYLINE: DALE WHITE

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 819 words

DATELINE: NORTH PORT


NORTH PORT

When Gene Matthews moved his family to North Port almost 40 years ago, he
discovered a city that he now compares to a car with four gears.

Initially, North Port puttered along in first gear as an isolated, sparsely
populated bedroom community, the former county commissioner and School Board
member said.

"In the summer, you could travel from North Port to Venice on U.S. 41 and never
pass a car," Matthews remembered.

Over the decades, the city gradually picked up speed to become Sarasota County's
largest municipality in both population and square miles.

"We're ready to shift into fourth gear," Matthews said Friday as he gave his
personal endorsement to the North Port Economic Development Corp.'s
just-announced plan. The proposal is aimed at luring more than $270 million in
new construction and more than 1,700 new jobs.

The nonprofit, which receives no government subsidy, says it is pursuing five
ambitious initiatives to bolster and diversify North Port's economy and tax
base:

Create of a new Main Street district with the University of South Florida's
satellite campus at U.S. 41 and Pan American Boulevard as its hub.

Peter Bartolotta, the NPEDC's co-founder, foresees USF's North Port campus
becoming bigger than its Sarasota-Manatee campus.

"We have a younger population" than the Sarasota area, Bartolotta said.

Eventually, USF could add dorms -- which would "outflow" customers to bistros
and other new businesses.

In connection with the Main Street idea, the NPEDC would like to see walkways
along the city's 90 miles of canals as well as gondolas or electric boats that
serve as an alternative mode of transportation to get from one side of the city
to the other.

Potential economic impact: $60 million to $150 million in initial construction
and more than 300 jobs.

Make North Port an eco-tourism destination by getting a hotelier to build a
lodge that accommodates visitors who want to explore Myakka State Forest or go
rowing on the city's interconnected creeks and canals.

Other eco-tourism activities could include horseback riding, all-terrain vehicle
courses, zip lines and fishing.

Ultimately, the NPEDC hopes to see at least three lodges, which could be
"rustic, modern, riverside or buried in the woods," Bartolotta said.

Potential economic impact: $10 million to $40 million in initial construction
and more than 300 jobs.

Encouraging the city and county to again agree to partner on making Warm Mineral
Springs a major resort, with a hotel, spa, visitors center as well as a
conference center that could also be used for local weddings and proms.

Potential economic impact: $20 million to $80 million in new construction and
more than 300 jobs.

Create a retirement community in the vicinity of West Villages, Thomas Ranch and
State College of Florida that will include a "lifelong learning" component for
active seniors.

For younger students, the campus could include a "school of hospitality,"
possibly operated by USF and a culinary institute.

Potential economic impact: $80 million to $200 million in initial construction
and more than 300 jobs.

Make Toledo Blade Boulevard a vital commercial corridor with medical schools and
research operations in the vicinity of Sarasota Memorial Hospital's emergency
room, a vocational school campus and, near Interstate 75, an entertainment
district with such features as mini-golf, bistros or a water park.

Potential economic impact: $100 million to $300 million in initial construction
and more than 500 jobs.

During the next six months, the NPEDC intends to meet with clubs and other
community groups to see if it can build strong public support for its goals.

"I think people will be very supportive," said Robert Rosenberg, a retired
tourism expert who is chairman of the NPEDC.

Any of the initiatives are likely to cause other amenities to land a North Port
address as well, Rosenberg said. "People ask: 'Why don't we have a movie
theater?' 'Why don't we have a Starbucks?' This will make us a true city."

The agency is already getting buy-in from representatives of such diverse
entities as North Port High School, Fawcett Memorial Hospital, Sarasota Memorial
Hospital, Peace River Medical Center, Venice Regional Medical Center, BB&T Bank,
the Gulf Coast Builders Exchange, Harvard Jolly Architects, Adache Group
Architects, Suncoast Work Force, USF and many others.

By the end of this year, the group hopes to recruit investors ready to pursue
one or more of the initiatives -- "investors who are looking at North Port in a
new way," Rosenberg said.

Even if the initiatives bring in a fraction of the new construction and jobs
anticipated, the impact could be huge, Bartolotta said.

"Maybe it's $75 million in new construction," Bartolotta said. "That's a lot of
construction. Maybe it's 700 new jobs. That's a lot of new jobs. The point is,
it's big enough to pursue."

FAX BOX

FIVE INITIATIVES:

City hopes to diversify and lure new jobs and construction

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Peter Bartolotta foresees USF's North Port campus becoming bigger than
its Sarasota- Manatee counterpart. Peter Bartolotta and Robert Rosenberg of the
North Port Economic Development Corp. listten as Gene Matthews endorses five
initiatives for the city. STAFF PHOTO/DALE WHITE (In B section): Peter
Bartolotta,and Robert Rosenberg listen as Gene Matthews endorses five major
iniatives for the city.DALE WHITE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            January 29, 2010 Friday

On the fast track No new money for B-N transporation center

BYLINE: By Mary Ann Ford;mford@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 339 words


NORMAL - There's no money for the planned uptown transportation center in
Illinois' $1.2 billion share of federal high-speed rail funds announced
Thursday, but officials still hope other federal money will come through for the
project.

"We never looked at the $8 billion high-speed rail initiative to include the
train station," said Normal Mayor Chris Koos.

Instead, the town is seeking the needed $20 million from the Transportation
Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant.

Whether the high-speed rail upgrades that can happen with the $1.2 billion
infusion will help Normal secure the TIGER funding remains a question, but at
least one Central Illinois representative is "optimistic."

"We're optimistic the recent high-speed rail announcement should increase our
case that Normal's multimodal center is a project worthy of additional
investments," said Ryan Vanderbilt, spokesman for U.S. Rep. Debbie Halvorson, a
Democrat from Crete.

U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin also "feels the multimodal center is a good project and
deserves support," said Christina Angarola of Durbin's office.

While Koos applauded the money for Illinois' high-speed initiative and said it
would have a "huge economic impact," he was reserved in his opinion on its
effect on the TIGER grant.

"It's hard to say on the TIGER grant," Koos said. "It's such a competitive
environment. But I think given the criteria for the grant ... we feel we're a
perfect project."

That also was the feeling among those attending an Amtrak conference in San
Antonio, Texas, this week, Koos said. Koos and Normal City Manager Mark Peterson
were invited to speak at the conference.

TIGER grants have to be awarded by Feb. 17. Angarola said there have been
requests for $56 billion in projects but there only is $1.5 billion available.
Normal was one of 49 applying from Illinois, she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Pantagraph


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             May 26, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

World Juniors a boon to local, Canadian hockey

BYLINE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 375 words


Hockey Canada announced the total economic impact of the 2012 IIHF world junior
champion-ship tournament held in Calgary and Edmonton was an estimated
$86.2-million.

A study conducted by the Canadian Sport Tourism Alliance assessed that there was
over 30,000 visitors to Calgary, Edmonton and other Alberta communities with
expenditures over $14-million. Also, there were over $11.5-million in tax
revenues for all three levels of government.

The event - which ran from Dec. 26 through Jan. 5 - is set to benefit hockey in
Alberta and Canada for years to come, contributing to a legacy worth over
$22-million in funding.

While exact financial figures are still waiting to be confirmed, Hockey Canada
announced that over $9-million will be put into grassroots programs, high
performance programs, and international programming including initiatives in
recruitment, retention, technology, and e-learning. Over $6.6-million will be
put into the Canadian Hockey League - the main supplier of players for the
Canadian world junior team - for player development and its scholarship fund.
Over $950,000 is going to the host commit-tee, host Hockey Canada branch, and
Hockey Alberta for various initiatives; $165,000 will go to each of Hockey
Canada's 12 other member branches for grassroots programming.

"Hockey Canada congratulates the host committee and the Province of Alberta for
all its work in making the 2012

IIHF World Junior Champion-ship such a success," said Hockey Canada chief
operating officer Scott Smith in a release. "Hockey Canada would also would like
to thank the Calgary Flames, the Edmonton Oilers, Northlands, the Government of
Canada, the Province of Alberta and cities of Calgary and Edmonton for their
great support to this event.

"In seeing the legacy of this event and the economic impact that it has had on
the two host communities, the host province and grassroots hockey in Canada, we
will continue to work together with our partners to bring major international
events to Canada on a regular basis."

About $3-million will be dumped into future hosting opportunities of
international championships in Canada while $1.5-million goes back to the IIHF
along with $450,000 to participating federations to help grow the sport in the
world.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

$10M in state aid bolsters Hazelwood growth plans

BYLINE: by MELISSA DANIELS

LENGTH: 592 words


Before local developers can build a projected $1 billion in apartments, offices,
retail shops and tech suites on the former LTV Steel Corp. site in Hazelwood,
they need about $103 million in streets, utility lines and other infrastructure
upgrades.

"There's huge interest in this site, tremendous interest in this site, from
developers not only in the region, but across the country," said Don Smith,
president of the Regional Industrial Development Corp., which is managing the
project. "Really, it's all just interest until we can give them some certainty
that the site will be ready for their buildings to open."

Gov. Tom Corbett on Wednesday announced $10 million in state grants to support
development at the 178-acre Almono property along the Monongahela River.

The subsidy package includes $5 million from PennDOT and $5 million from the
Economic Growth Initiative, formerly known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

The announcement marked the 13th time this year the Corbett administration has
made an award from the program in Western Pennsylvania. A total of $38.5 million
has gone to projects in Western Pennsylvania out of about $123 million
statewide, according to the Office of the Budget.

Corbett said during a news conference that his redesign of the Economic Growth
Initiative grant program in 2012 has focused on adding "metrics" to gauge job
growth, economic impact and construction readiness.

The grants are made on a reimbursement basis and range from $500,000 to $5
million. Last year, the first round under Corbett's new rules, 58 projects
received a total of $133 million.

In some cases, the money goes for redevelopment, Corbett said.

"You can't build anything until you build the infrastructure, and that's exactly
why we're here today," he said.

Other awards go to projects still in the planning phases, such as $5 million
toward the Pittsburgh World Trade Center business park on nearly 195 acres of
unused land at the Pittsburgh International Airport in Findlay. Others are
expansions, such as $1 million for Allegheny General Hospital and $2 million for
data centers at Iron Mountain, a records management firm in Butler County.

At the Almono site, Smith expects to put construction projects up for bids in
the next six weeks.

The project will include residential, office and industrial space. Leaders view
it as an opportunity to spur growth in a key but neglected location between
Downtown and Oakland, whose economies rank as the second- and third-largest in
Pennsylvania behind Philadelphia.

RIDC teamed with four foundations under the name Almono "" a blend of the names
of Pittsburgh's three rivers "" to transform the former steel mill site.

The nonprofits bought the property in 2002 and made plans for more than $1
billion in development in the next two decades. When complete, it would include
1,400 housing units, 1.3 million square feet of office space and nearly 950,000
square feet of industrial space.

Dennis Yablonksy, president of the Allegheny Conference on Community and
Economic Development, said without public investment, large-scale developments
stall and private developers won't invest.

"It's too easy for developers to go into the suburbs and greenfield sites and
build there instead," he said.

"If we're going to revitalize places like Hazelwood, we have to be able to
publicly and privately come together and do this."

Staff writer Tom Fontaine contributed. Melissa Daniels is a staff writer for
Trib Total Media. She can be reached at 412-380-8511 or mdaniels@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Almono project gets state funds

BYLINE: by MELISSA DANIELS

LENGTH: 592 words


Before local developers can build a projected $1 billion in apartments, offices,
retail shops and tech suites on the former LTV Steel Corp. site in Hazelwood,
they need about $103 million in streets, utility lines and other infrastructure
upgrades.

"There's huge interest in this site, tremendous interest in this site, from
developers not only in the region, but across the country," said Don Smith,
president of the Regional Industrial Development Corp., which is managing the
project. "Really, it's all just interest until we can give them some certainty
that the site will be ready for their buildings to open."

Gov. Tom Corbett on Wednesday announced $10 million in state grants to support
development at the 178-acre Almono property along the Monongahela River.

The subsidy package includes $5 million from PennDOT and $5 million from the
Economic Growth Initiative, formerly known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

The announcement marked the 13th time this year the Corbett administration has
made an award from the program in Western Pennsylvania. A total of $38.5 million
has gone to projects in Western Pennsylvania out of about $123 million
statewide, according to the Office of the Budget.

Corbett said during a news conference his redesign of the Economic Growth
Initiative grant program in 2012 has focused on adding "metrics" to gauge job
growth, economic impact, and construction readiness.

The grants are made on a reimbursement basis and range from $500,000 to $5
million. Last year, the first round under Corbett's new rules, 58 projects
received a total of $133 million.

In some cases, the money goes for redevelopment, Corbett said.

"You can't build anything until you build the infrastructure, and that's exactly
why we're here today," he said Wednesday.

Other awards go to projects still in the planning phases, such as $5 million
toward the Pittsburgh World Trade Center business park on nearly 195 acres of
unused land at the Pittsburgh International Airport in Findlay. Others are
expansions, such as $1 million for Allegheny General Hospital and $2 million for
data centers at Iron Mountain, a records management firm in Butler County.

At the Almono site, Smith expects to put construction projects up for bids in
the next six weeks.

The project will include residential, office and industrial space. Leaders view
it as an opportunity to spur growth in a key but neglected location between
Downtown and Oakland, whose economies rank as the second- and third-largest in
Pennsylvania behind Philadelphia.

RIDC teamed with four foundations under the name Almono "" a blend of the names
of Pittsburgh's three rivers "" to transform the former steel mill site.

The nonprofits purchased the property in 2002 and made plans for more than $1
billion in development in the next two decades. When complete, it would include
1,400 housing units, 1.3 million square feet of office space and nearly 950,000
square feet of industrial space.

Dennis Yablonksy, president of the Allegheny Conference on Community and
Economic Development, said without public investment, large-scale developments
stall and private developers won't invest.

"It's too easy for developers to go into the suburbs and greenfield sites and
build there instead," he said.

"If we're going to revitalize places like Hazelwood, we have to be able to
publicly and privately come together and do this."

Staff writer Tom Fontaine contributed. Melissa Daniels is a staff writer for
Trib Total Media. Reached her at 412-380-8511 or mdaniels@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Grants to Revitalize Pittsburgh
Brownfield

LENGTH: 446  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $5 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant and a $5 million Transportation Economic Development Fund grant to
assist in the redevelopment and revitalization of the Almono-Hazelwood site in
Pittsburgh.

"Today we are announcing investments that will help revitalize the entire
economy of Western Pennsylvania," said Gov. Corbett. "It's an investment that
has the potential to turn what was once an environmental wasteland into
prosperous center of commerce and innovation."

When completed, the $37 million project, sponsored by the Urban Redevelopment
Authority of Pittsburgh, will include over two million square feet of new office
and research and development space, complementing the already existing
Pittsburgh Technology Center and Southside Works redevelopment projects.

The project will also involve nearly one million square feet of planned "clean"
industrial or flex space, focusing on 21st century manufacturing and marketing
of technological advances being created in the nearby Universities.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                               February 14, 2011

City continues big campaign to lure critical leisure travelers;
could Tourism plug gap dollars until conventions ramp up

LENGTH: 1053 words


t City continues could Tourism plug gap dollars until conventions ramp up
Pyourself napolis ut ut yourself tourism how in the prom promoters shoes t of
India andd ask - challenge. you'd handle their fields They of 're charged with
filling seven 1 ville month 004 -based , and convention developer White Lodging
space of the that , the opened Merrill NFL last - Place , - hotel room JW
Marriott and sparkling Marriott to help fill rooms complex, is counting on them
ing But conventions the lengthy . lead time for recruitspace few years bustles
might at and pass trade before shows the cavernous means a In the interim,
capacity the . serious option is to appeal promoters to what ' only the other
otherwise hospitality hospitalit known industry i calls leisure travelers
nationally Leisure due spending to the as , though tourists , . is down ,
marketing typical tourist hasn't gotten economy the . And sports the still Ne
great w considered York choice and message . Alongside Orlando that ,
Indianapolis destinations Indianapolis like is is a , well Association The
Indianapolis is attacking Convention , India both -no-place & Visitors . to
anticipation everyone from of bringing hotel smiles problems and profits in W "
hite If you to live the smallest here bistro magnate owner Dean . River think
all State the Park attractions the , you - don things 't necessarily like White
, Indianapolis Museum of Art, NCAA and Children's Museum-are major drawing
cards," said ICVA Senior Vice President of Marketing Warren Wilkinson.

"But they are.

"We think we have all the assets to be a player in the leisure travel market,
and really grow the economic impact from that leisure segment in the coming
years."

Juiced marketing

The ICVA doesn't know how much leisure travel contributes to the $3.6 billion in
revenue thought to be generated locally each year by tourism.

However, last year the ICVA spent a record $1.2 million-up from $504,000 in
2009-on television, radio, print and Web advertising in Chicago; St. Louis;
Louisville and Lexington, Ky.; Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio; and Peoria and
Champaign, Ill., in a massive campaign aimed at tourists. This year, the ICVA
has $1.3 million earmarked for leisure advertising.

A major initiative of former ICVA CEO Don Welsh was to produce "network quality"
TV ads featuring the area, to nearly triple the reach of the leisure ad campaign
to 11 cities, and to extend the campaign's length to 22 weeks from 11.

Welsh left the ICVA in December to head up the convention business for Chicago,
but ICVA officials plan to continue the push.

The ad campaign is welcomed by local hotels and restaurants, said John
Livengood, president of the Indiana Restaurant & Hospitality Association.

"It's a critical part of the effort to bring visitors to the city and region and
make the additions to our downtown and other areas pay off," Livengood said.

The juiced-up marketing initiative is paying big dividends, ICVA officials say.

An ICVA study showed the fourmonth ad blitz last summer reached 3.2 million
homes and generated 379,000 leisure visits to the city, up from 225,000 in 2009.

Tourist spending increased 10 percent in 2010 to $711 per visitor. And the
campaign accounted for 559,000 paid hotel room nights-49 percent at downtown
hotels, 33 percent in outlying Marion County, and 18 percent outside Marion
County.

James Wallis, ICVA's chief financial officer, said every $1 spent on the
campaign realized a "$225 return on investment."

The biggest payoff came from the Chicago market, Wallis said, where 218,273, or
57 percent, of leisure trips to central Indiana originated. Those visits
generated $170.3 million, or 64 percent of all leisure spending in the
Indianapolis market in 2010.

"Typically, you think of people from this area traveling to Chicago for business
or pleasure," Wallis said. "So it's nice to turn the tables on that, and it's an
important part of our business plan-given the size of the Chicago market to draw
upon-to do that on a regular basis."

Mixing more tourists into Indianapolis' traditionally heavy concentration of
business travelers is smart for several reasons, experts say.

Leisure travelers often spend money at different outlets than business
travelers, spreading the economic impact among local businesses, said Mark Eble,
a hotel consultant and Midwest regional vice president for San Francisco-based
PKF Consulting Corp. They also tend to book trips within the calendar year in
which they take them, meaning a city can cash in quicker while awaiting the
long-term payoff of conventions.

Heywood Sanders, a University of Texas at San Antonio professor and author of
several studies on travel, said, "Economic downturns also tend to affect
business and leisure travelers somewhat differently. So while one of those
segments is down, the other could be stable or even up, and vice versa, for a
variety of reasons."

Changing minds

Part of ICVA's ad campaign attempts to change outsider mind-sets about central
Indiana.

"We think we have an impressive, affordable package to offer," ICVA's Wilkinson
said. "We're aggressively going after the leisure market and we're confident it
will pay off."

In addition to spotlighting the city's amenities and attractions, the campaign
stresses Indianapolis' central location and relative affordability, factors
local tourism officials say makes the city even more attractive in the wake of
the recession.

"There is some merit to that logic," said Jay Gladden, dean of the School of
Physical Education and Tourism Management Department at IUPUI. "People these
days who might not be able to afford that big trip might opt for a vacation at a
closer, more affordable location. We've definitely seen more of that in the last
three years."

ICVA officials have appealed to the Capital Improvement Board-which funds 70
percent of its $14 million annual budget-to help continue funding for marketing
efforts.

The ICVA in 2010 also secured two large grants to fuel marketing in surrounding
states. A $1.5 million grant from the city and a $5.4 million grant from the
Dean and Barbara White Family Foundation Inc. are being used over three years
starting in 2010 to support advertising to lure leisure and corporate travelers.

Dean White is the founder of White Lodging.

The majority of the grant will go toward attracting leisure travelers.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Tennessee: Governor Haslam, Commissioner Boyd Announce 29 Communities to Receive
Tourism Enhancement Grants

LENGTH: 586  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam and Economic and Community Development Commissioner
Randy Boyd announced today that 29 communities will receive over $999,000 in
Tourism Enhancement Grants to assist communities with tourism infrastructure
assets.





 "We want to congratulate all 29 communities on receiving Tourism Enhancement
Grants," Haslam said. "These grants showcase how great the partnership is
between tourist development and economic development. With the support of these
grants, each community will be better equipped to succeed in our state and I
look forward to seeing these Tennessee communities thrive."



 The grants assist counties and cities in improving local assets to increase the
economic impact of tourism.



 "I am pleased to announce these 29 communities that have been awarded the
Tourism Enhancement Grant," Boyd said. "It is always exciting when communities
choose to invest in economic development initiatives to grow and succeed in our
state. Tourism development is economic development, and with the assistance of
the Tourism Enhancement Grant and our partnership with Commissioner Kevin
Triplett and the Department of Tourist Development, each community will be able
to invest in their assets and grow their local economy."



 The Tourism Enhancement Grants were jointly funded by the Tennessee Department
of Economic and Community Development and the Tennessee Department of Tourist
Development with the assistance of the Appalachian Regional Commission.



 "We celebrate with each community receiving the Tourism Enhancement Grant,"
Tennessee Department of Tourist Development Commissioner Kevin Triplett said.
"Tourism development is an important part of every community, but in some cases
we were finding a lack of infrastructure to fully take advantage of some tourism
opportunities. We appreciate our great partners at TNECD for coming to the table
with this initiative for communities to enhance their local tourism assets."



 An advisory committee made up of staff from the Tennessee Department of
Economic and Community Development, the Tennessee Department of Tourist
Development, the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation and the
Tennessee Department of Agriculture selected the 29 communities from a pool of
61 grant applications.



 The grants awarded include:



     Anderson County - $40,000

     City of Bolivar - $50,000

     City of Brownsville - $50,000

     Carroll County - $50,000

     City of Cleveland - $50,000

     Decatur County - $43,000

     City of Etowah - $50,000

     Fentress County - $27,000

     Town of Gainesboro - $45,270

     Greene County - $44,898

     Hamblen County - $7,000

     Hamilton County - $20,000

     City of Henderson - $5,250

     Johnson County - $47,168

     City of Lafayette - $50,000

     Lauderdale County - $20,000

     City of Livingston - $50,000

     City of Manchester - $41,510

     City of McMinnville - $28,500

     Meigs County - $20,000

     Metropolitan Lynchburg - $50,000

     Monroe County - $20,000

     Robertson County - $5,050

     Scott County - $48,707

     Smith County - $50,000

     City of Tiptonville - $31,262

     Unicoi County - $20,000

     Wayne County - $25,000

     City of Winchester - $35,000



 Each application was supported by the community's senator and representatives
in the Tennessee General Assembly.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Tennessee: Governor Haslam, Commissioner Boyd Announce 29 Communities to Receive
Tourism Enhancement Grants

LENGTH: 586  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam and Economic and Community Development Commissioner
Randy Boyd announced today that 29 communities will receive over $999,000 in
Tourism Enhancement Grants to assist communities with tourism infrastructure
assets.





 "We want to congratulate all 29 communities on receiving Tourism Enhancement
Grants," Haslam said. "These grants showcase how great the partnership is
between tourist development and economic development. With the support of these
grants, each community will be better equipped to succeed in our state and I
look forward to seeing these Tennessee communities thrive."



 The grants assist counties and cities in improving local assets to increase the
economic impact of tourism.



 "I am pleased to announce these 29 communities that have been awarded the
Tourism Enhancement Grant," Boyd said. "It is always exciting when communities
choose to invest in economic development initiatives to grow and succeed in our
state. Tourism development is economic development, and with the assistance of
the Tourism Enhancement Grant and our partnership with Commissioner Kevin
Triplett and the Department of Tourist Development, each community will be able
to invest in their assets and grow their local economy."



 The Tourism Enhancement Grants were jointly funded by the Tennessee Department
of Economic and Community Development and the Tennessee Department of Tourist
Development with the assistance of the Appalachian Regional Commission.



 "We celebrate with each community receiving the Tourism Enhancement Grant,"
Tennessee Department of Tourist Development Commissioner Kevin Triplett said.
"Tourism development is an important part of every community, but in some cases
we were finding a lack of infrastructure to fully take advantage of some tourism
opportunities. We appreciate our great partners at TNECD for coming to the table
with this initiative for communities to enhance their local tourism assets."



 An advisory committee made up of staff from the Tennessee Department of
Economic and Community Development, the Tennessee Department of Tourist
Development, the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation and the
Tennessee Department of Agriculture selected the 29 communities from a pool of
61 grant applications.



 The grants awarded include:



     Anderson County - $40,000

     City of Bolivar - $50,000

     City of Brownsville - $50,000

     Carroll County - $50,000

     City of Cleveland - $50,000

     Decatur County - $43,000

     City of Etowah - $50,000

     Fentress County - $27,000

     Town of Gainesboro - $45,270

     Greene County - $44,898

     Hamblen County - $7,000

     Hamilton County - $20,000

     City of Henderson - $5,250

     Johnson County - $47,168

     City of Lafayette - $50,000

     Lauderdale County - $20,000

     City of Livingston - $50,000

     City of Manchester - $41,510

     City of McMinnville - $28,500

     Meigs County - $20,000

     Metropolitan Lynchburg - $50,000

     Monroe County - $20,000

     Robertson County - $5,050

     Scott County - $48,707

     Smith County - $50,000

     City of Tiptonville - $31,262

     Unicoi County - $20,000

     Wayne County - $25,000

     City of Winchester - $35,000



 Each application was supported by the community's senator and representatives
in the Tennessee General Assembly.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         The Chatfield News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 7, 2012

SMIF receives pledges and donations for Entrepreneur Fund

BYLINE: The Chatfield News staff

LENGTH: 415  words


Southern Minnesota Initiative Foundation (SMIF) is committed to supporting local
entrepreneurs in creating strong businesses that provide quality jobs and have a
positive local/regional economic impact. To do this, The Foundation has
established a regional endowed fund-the Entrepreneur Fund to meet the growing
need for today and tomorrow's entrepreneurs.

With the dollars raised through the Entrepreneur Fund, The Foundation will
support an environment for entrepreneurs through grants to collaborative
entrepreneur projects, "seed fund" awards to assist in early stage development,
and funding for specific events or programs.

"Unfortunately today, the resources to grow and sustain locally grown businesses
are not sufficient for the global economic demands," Tim Penny, SMIF
President/CEO explained. "That is why we started the Entrepreneur Fund.

It is clear that SMIF must be vigilant in preserving this entrepreneurial
heritage and assist in providing the necessary resources."

With several key donors, the fund will reach $1 million by 2015. SMIF
anticipates growing the Entrepreneur Fund to $1 million over the next three
years - $500,000 contributed by local donors and $500,000 through The McKnight
Foundation's matching challenge grant. Once the Fund exceeds $1 million, SMIF
will begin using investment earnings to support entrepreneur-related grants.

Our key donors and pledges who made this possible are:

Bill Davis and Katherine Rossi, Utica; Davisco Family Holdings, Le Sueur; Dick
and Patty Downs, St. James; Neil and Sue Eckles, Blue Earth; F & M Community
Bank, Preston; Hormel Foods Corporation, Austin; Tim and Sandy Penny, Owatonna;
and The Rosen Family Foundation.

"As a business owner, I understand what these dollars can mean to a growing
entrepreneur," Tom Rosen, The Rosen Family Foundation, said. "I am thrilled to
be part of SMIF's Entrepreneur Fund. I believe this will be the precipice for
building and expanding entrepreneurs at every level and a key way to strengthen
the economy in southern Minnesota."

About Southern Minnesota Initiative Foundation:

Southern Minnesota Initiative Foundation (SMIF), a donor-supported foundation,
invests for economic growth in 20 Minnesota counties. The Foundation has
provided more than $47 million in grants and loans within the region during the
past 26 years. SMIF's key interests include early childhood and entrepreneur
development. To learn more about our work and mission call 507-455-3215 or visit
www.smi-foundation.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Chatfield News


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Grants to Revitalize Pittsburgh
Brownfield

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $5 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant and a $5 million Transportation Economic Development Fund grant to
assist in the redevelopment and revitalization of the Almono-Hazelwood site in
Pittsburgh.

"Today we are announcing investments that will help revitalize the entire
economy of Western Pennsylvania," said Gov. Corbett. "It's an investment that
has the potential to turn what was once an environmental wasteland into
prosperous center of commerce and innovation."

When completed, the $37 million project, sponsored by the Urban Redevelopment
Authority of Pittsburgh, will include over two million square feet of new office
and research and development space, complementing the already existing
Pittsburgh Technology Center and Southside Works redevelopment projects.

The project will also involve nearly one million square feet of planned "clean"
industrial or flex space, focusing on 21st century manufacturing and marketing
of technological advances being created in the nearby Universities.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Grants to Revitalize Pittsburgh
Brownfield

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $5 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant and a $5 million Transportation Economic Development Fund grant to
assist in the redevelopment and revitalization of the Almono-Hazelwood site in
Pittsburgh.

"Today we are announcing investments that will help revitalize the entire
economy of Western Pennsylvania," said Gov. Corbett. "It's an investment that
has the potential to turn what was once an environmental wasteland into
prosperous center of commerce and innovation."

When completed, the $37 million project, sponsored by the Urban Redevelopment
Authority of Pittsburgh, will include over two million square feet of new office
and research and development space, complementing the already existing
Pittsburgh Technology Center and Southside Works redevelopment projects.

The project will also involve nearly one million square feet of planned "clean"
industrial or flex space, focusing on 21st century manufacturing and marketing
of technological advances being created in the nearby Universities.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

SIUE Economic Impact Reaches $514 Million

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: Edwardsville


Southern Illinois University Edwardsville has issued the following news release:

Historic student enrollment numbers, significant job growth and a substantial
increase in regional expenditures are among the notable findings in Southern
Illinois University Edwardsville's 2015 economic impact report.

The University continues to thrive, boasting a total economic impact on the
region of more than $514 million, a nine percent increase since 2010. For every
state dollar spent on the University, SIUE generates $8.60 of economic impact in
the local economy.

"SIUE's economic impact study helps quantify the University's financial
influence on the region," added Chancellor Julie Furst-Bowe. "Of even greater
significance is the positive and far-reaching impact of the dedication of our
employees and the contributions of our students."

More than half of SIUE's 95,000 alumni live in the region, while historic
amounts of new students are moving to the area to pursue higher education at the
University. The fall 2014 semester featured a record freshman class of 2,126
students, an eight percent increase over the previous year. The total fall 2014
enrollment of 13,972 is the fourth largest in school history. SIUE's 2015
full-time spring semester enrollment has reached an all-time high with 10,153
full-time and 13,178 total students enrolled

SIUE is the second largest employer in the Madison-St. Clair County region. The
total number of regional jobs generated by the University expanded from 8,800 in
2010 to 9,200 in 2015.

Other prominent facts detailed in the study:

The University received $40 million in grants and contracts for research,
teaching and service initiatives during FY14
    As a result of SIUE athletics, expenditures in the region nearly doubled
from $249,000 in 2010 to $497,000 in 2015
    SIUE generated more than $24 million in state and local tax revenues

SIUE is dedicated to the community as a partner in collaboration and
stewardship. The 2015 economic impact report emphasizes the importance of the
University as it continues to grow in the St. Louis Metropolitan area.

The University routinely publishes an economic impact report every five years.
View the full report here.

The project was led by John C. Navin, interim dean of the SIUE School of
Business, and Timothy S. Sullivan and Warren D. Richards, instructors in the
School's Department of Economics and Finance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Lehigh Valley Charter High School for the Arts

LENGTH: 494  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to assist in the expansion of Lehigh Valley Charter High School for the
Arts.

"Today we make an investment in the creativity of our students," said Gov.
Corbett "We're helping to ensure that students here in the Lehigh Valley who
want to pursue a career in the performing arts have that opportunity."

The $26 million project will involve site development and construction of a new
82,000 square foot educational facility designed to promote the arts and
academics. The project will also house a 350 seat performing arts theatre that
will serve local arts, cultural and educational organizations surrounding the
school in addition to the student body.

The construction and use of the new facility is projected to create and retain
more than 160 jobs for the area.

Since September 2003, the school has educated over 425 students per year in
40,000 square feet of space located at the east end of the former Sure Fit
factory building on Broad Street in Bethlehem.  With an increased number of
student auditions for the school each year, this expansion will help the school
better serve its students.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Farm Weekly

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday

COGGO research grant tally breaks the $8m barrier

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 353 words


MEMBER funded research grants distributed through the Council of Grain Growers
Organisations (COGGO) have broken through the $8 million mark with the latest
grants set to be announced next week.

More than $600,000 in grants for 12 projects has been approved by COGGO for 2016
(See pages 20 and 21).

This takes the total, since COGGO's refocus in 2012 on providing funds for
innovative research and development to the WA grains industry, to more than $2.1
million.

Prior to its 2012 commitment to only focus on R&D funding, COGGO was also
involved in the breeding of crop varieties and management of these programs.

According to COGGO chairman Chris Wilkins, WA's climate has changed noticeably
over the past 40 years which has severely affected the State's grain growing
areas.

"Some areas now receive only half of the annual rainfall they used to receive
and this is now the climatic and economic reality that growers are facing," he
said.

As a result of less rainfall and its consequential economic impacts, the number
of grain growers in WA has dramatically reduced.

"COGGO has directly developed and funded new and improved crop varieties that
are able to withstand the increase in temperatures, the decrease in rainfall and
are more disease and salt tolerant, while at the same time our general R&D focus
has aimed at increasing grower profitability," Mr Wilkins said.

"This should result in more growers being able to sustain a decent living and
remain on their farms."

Mr Wilkins was also excited by the pending announcement of a new and innovative
initiative from COGGO that will be announced early in the New Year.

"We have identified an area of farm management and development that to date has
been overlooked and are looking forward to announcing what we believe will be a
greatly welcomed initiative," he said.

"We have also just revamped our website to be more engaging and useful to our
members and the wider community.

"Your website is your shop window and if that window is not inviting, people
won't come into your store. We believe our site is now more reflective of COGGO
as an innovative and engaging organisation."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 23, 2013 Saturday

Program aims to create 750 jobs in Mississippi

BYLINE: Dennis Seid, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 520 words


Nov. 23--TUPELO -- A nearly $2 million grant will be used in a reshoring
initiative aimed at bringing jobs back to Mississippi.

The three-year program is among 10 being launched nationwide as part of the
"Make it in America Challenge" grant program sponsored by the U.S. Commerce
Department and other agencies.

In Mississippi, the so-called Mississippi Reshoring Team looks to add at least
750 jobs and create more than $40 million in economic impact.

Leading the state program will be Mississippi State University, along with
several partners, including The Reshoring Initiative, Three Rivers Planning &
Development District, South Delta Planning & Development District, Itawamba
Community College, East Mississippi Community College, Holmes Community College,
Mississippi Delta Community College, MSU's Center for Advanced Vehicular Systems
Extension and the Franklin Furniture Insitute.

"This is an important collaborative effort in our state, because we're talking
about reshoring, or bringing back jobs, to our country," said MSU President Dr.
Mark Keenum. "But more importantly, we're talking about bringing jobs back to
Mississippi."

Clay Walden, director of CAVS Extension, said the program has two main
components.

The first is working with the community colleges on setting up 276 advanced
manufacturing internships with companies across the state. It's a program
pioneered by ICC and East Mississippi Community College.

"These are internship opportunities that will be paid for through the grant and
gives them valuable experience," he said.

"The other component is developing our supply chain. In particular, what we're
going to do is work with larger manufacturers and identify the supply-chain gaps
they have and see how we can involve more small- and medium-size enterprises in
that supply chain."

Bill Renick of Three Rivers said this listening-tour phase of the project is a
crucial component to creating jobs.

"We're going to go and talk to and listen to the needs of Mississippi companies,
and through this process we're going to find out how to bring back those jobs to
the state," he said.

Walden said great opportunities exist in the furniture industry, but said the
automotive industry is another focus.

"We're also going to talk to other advanced manufacturers like aerospace and
shipbuilding," he said.

The program also will conduct more than 30 technical assistance projects to
connect small and medium size manufacturing enterprises with competitive
technologies. Projects will be selected and prioritized based on their potential
for economic growth, such as private and foreign investment and job creation and
retention.

"This is a national trend we're tapping into," Walden said. "Companies are
really taking a look at their cost structures and supply chains and realizing
low cost isn't their total cost. So we believe we can be the total-cost solution
for a lot of companies in the state."

dennis.seid@journalinc.com

___ (c)2013 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131123-TP-Program-aims-to-create-750-jobs-in-Mississippi-1123-20131123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2013 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              111 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grants

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of two Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grants in Blair and Cambria counties.

The first, to JWF Industries of Cambria Country, will be used to support the
expansion of its Cramer Pike facility.  JWF Industries is a leading manufacturer
of portable fluid storage tanks and above ground water enclosures that support
the natural gas industry.

Over the last year, JWF Industries has been renovating a 160,000 square foot
facility that was once a World War II munitions and rail car factory and once
housed United Industrial Mechanical Services.  The company looks to double the
number of employees to nearly 200 workers within the next five years.

JWF Industries received a $1 million EGI in 2013.  This round's grant is
$1million as well.

The second EGI grant, awarded to the Altoona-Blair County Development
Corporation will support the site acquisition and construction of a retail,
commercial and office complex in Altoona.  When completed, the location will
house nearly 48,000 square foot, 12-screen theater complex, 13,000 square feet
of retail space, 6,200 square feet of restaurant space, a four-story hotel and a
26,000 square foot office building.

The Altoona EGI is in the amount of $2 million.  It is expected to help create
and retain nearly 800 jobs and generate $1,850,000 in annual tax revenue for the
area.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
said Corbett.  "Jobs are being created through these projects.  We are
transforming oft-neglected parts of our towns into thriving centers of commerce
and recreation.  Both of these projects exemplify the spirit and goals of this
program."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett Administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Support Renovation of Historic Downtown Building

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $500,000 Economic Growth
Initiative Grant (EGI) to FringeArts Festival of Philadelphia.  The project will
complete the repurposing of a historic building by constructing a full service
restaurant adjacent to the existing cultural center, creating a unique
destination on the Delaware River waterfront that offers high-quality arts and
culinary experiences.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are supporting a renaissance of the arts in
communities across the state," said Gov. Corbett. "With the help of the
commonwealth, FringeArts will be able to provide a place where artists and
lovers of art can gather, share ideas and learn, as well as support the
waterfront as a destination for visiting, dining and shopping."

The EGI will support the construction of a 2,800-square-foot restaurant/bar and
outdoor plaza space will serve as an outlet for creative discussion between
artists and audiences.  Once completed, the 100-seat space will host cabaret
style performances, comedy and live music year-round.

FringeArts' goal with the new facility, year-round programming, and the
restaurant is to create a unique social and cultural destination and complement
the annual 16-day festival the organization is primed to support more artists,
reach more audiences, and make the city an even greater destination for
contemporary arts.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, Governor's Press Office, 717-783-1116
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Support Renovation of Historic Downtown Building

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $500,000 Economic Growth
Initiative Grant (EGI) to FringeArts Festival of Philadelphia.  The project will
complete the repurposing of a historic building by constructing a full service
restaurant adjacent to the existing cultural center, creating a unique
destination on the Delaware River waterfront that offers high-quality arts and
culinary experiences.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are supporting a renaissance of the arts in
communities across the state," said Gov. Corbett. "With the help of the
commonwealth, FringeArts will be able to provide a place where artists and
lovers of art can gather, share ideas and learn, as well as support the
waterfront as a destination for visiting, dining and shopping."

The EGI will support the construction of a 2,800-square-foot restaurant/bar and
outdoor plaza space will serve as an outlet for creative discussion between
artists and audiences.  Once completed, the 100-seat space will host cabaret
style performances, comedy and live music year-round.

FringeArts' goal with the new facility, year-round programming, and the
restaurant is to create a unique social and cultural destination and complement
the annual 16-day festival the organization is primed to support more artists,
reach more audiences, and make the city an even greater destination for
contemporary arts.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, Governor's Press Office, 717-783-1116

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Assist Pocono Raceway Improvements

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant to assist in the Pocono Raceway's renovation and improvement plan.

"This raceway is a major tourism catalyst for Pennsylvania bringing in tourism
dollars from neighboring states and around the country," said Gov. Corbett.
"This investment will help ensure the safety of event spectators as well as
maintain the viability of this worldwide destination."

The project will include substantial improvements to the raceway's main facility
entrance with the rebuilding of two, 50 year old tunnels. These tunnels provide
the only entrance and exit from within the racetrack. The project will also
include construction of a pedestrian walkway.

"As a structure that has stood for as long as this, safety becomes paramount in
what we look at in projects that we must undertake here at Pocono Raceway," said
Brandon Igdalsky, Raceway President and CEO.  "This project will help us
highlight not just who we are, but allow us to help showcase the region, our
geography."

The Pocono Raceway has generated more than $250 million in income for Northeast
Pennsylvania residents.  The attraction supports more than 2,700 jobs, and has
generated almost $15 million of tax revenue for the commonwealth.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Assist Pocono Raceway Improvements

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant to assist in the Pocono Raceway's renovation and improvement plan.

"This raceway is a major tourism catalyst for Pennsylvania bringing in tourism
dollars from neighboring states and around the country," said Gov. Corbett.
"This investment will help ensure the safety of event spectators as well as
maintain the viability of this worldwide destination."

The project will include substantial improvements to the raceway's main facility
entrance with the rebuilding of two, 50 year old tunnels. These tunnels provide
the only entrance and exit from within the racetrack. The project will also
include construction of a pedestrian walkway.

"As a structure that has stood for as long as this, safety becomes paramount in
what we look at in projects that we must undertake here at Pocono Raceway," said
Brandon Igdalsky, Raceway President and CEO.  "This project will help us
highlight not just who we are, but allow us to help showcase the region, our
geography."

The Pocono Raceway has generated more than $250 million in income for Northeast
Pennsylvania residents.  The attraction supports more than 2,700 jobs, and has
generated almost $15 million of tax revenue for the commonwealth.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday

City wins overall after Pan Am Games: report

BYLINE: smilton@thespec.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1006 words


One part of the Pan Am Games ran so smoothly it had a negative impact on another
local portion of the Games.

Among the "challenges" the Pan Am Initiatives committee faced was a
transportation system that was "very efficient in getting spectators to and from
the stadium" but actually limited participation in local cultural activities
celebrating the Games.

All 32 games of the Pan Am soccer tournament were played here and buses that
went directly to the stadium from the West Harbour Go Station and two regional
parking lots didn't allow those spectators the time or opportunity to find their
way to Gore Park, Ottawa Street and other lower-city locations where food,
entertainment and activities related to the Games were being offered. Parking
lots for the shuttles were also located far from where cultural events were
held.

That mild irony is among the observations in the Games post-mortem, which was
released Friday morning.

The 59-page debriefing prepared by Coralee Secore, the city's manager of Pan Am
Initiatives, recaps the details, strengths, shortcomings and legacies of last
summer's massive athletic and cultural festival, which encompassed 15 southern
Ontario communities, including Hamilton.

The report suggests that there needed to be better recognition by TO2015, the
Toronto-based organizers of the Pan Ams, of local cultural planning.

It also said that broadcast dates and times of the actual sporting events needed
to be released much earlier in the planning process, as did the "rules of
engagement" that TO2015 applied to local cultural activities.

"Hamilton Kicks It Up," the Pan Am Initiatives cultural festival, was
financially limited by TO2015's sponsorship agreement, the report says. Because
so many potential sponsors were already with TO2015, which kept the revenues, or
fell into a "sponsorship protected" category there were fewer funding
opportunities for Hamilton Kicks It Up and its local partners. Ignite
Designation funding provided by the province did not make up the financial
shortfall.

Since the 2015 Pan Ams were a one-off in Hamilton and southern Ontario, any
suggestions for improvement would have to be applied to future international
events, such as an Olympics or Commonwealth Games bid.

According to the report, the year-overdue construction of Tim Hortons Field came
in just under budget at $144,157,264, which includes $5 million in payments
withheld from the builders over "construction issues." The projected budget had
been slightly over $145.6 million

The city's Pan Am Initiatives, which ran the cultural events outside the
stadium, carried operating expenses of roughly $1.88 million from 2012 through
2015, with two-thirds of that total going to salaries.

The city spent another $600,000 on its "Hamilton Kicks It Up Showcase" with
federal and provincial grants kicking in an extra $82,500.

While attendance at the soccer games - 225,000 over 16 days - doesn't seem
overwhelmingly high for an international event, it set a Pan Am soccer record,
represented two-thirds of the tickets available and was four per cent above
TO2015's original projections.

About 70 per cent of the soccer spectators making contact with Tourism Hamilton
at its booth in the stadium were from outside of Hamilton. The 1,044 visits to
Tourism Hamilton's downtown office during the two weeks of the Games represented
an increase of 25 per cent over the same period last year.

More precise details of the Pan Am Games' financial effect on the city won't be
available until the first quarter of 2016 when the Canadian Sport Tourism
Alliance releases its economic impact analysis.

Overall, and despite the "challenges" involved in working with a Games head
office an hour's drive away, Secore's report takes a positive tone with emphasis
on the strong legacies the Pan Ams leave the city.

Leading the list of legacies are, of course, Tim Hortons Field and the
improvements to the stadium precinct.

Legacy programs that sprung out of the stadium and/or the Games include
"Grassroots Soccer" for kids at risk, the Healthy Kids Initiative, which helps
local youth make lifestyle choices promoting awareness and sport; Parasport
introductory programs; and the Hamilton District Soccer Association's move
toward introduce para-soccer.

The report also implies that hosting the Pan Ams soccer here created a hard
deadline for completing the West Harbour GO Station, which was opened just in
time for the Games.

And because so many Hamiltonians volunteered for either TO2015 or the local
organizing body, there is now a much broader and better-trained base of
volunteers for future events. The new skills the volunteers acquired should also
help the local economy, the report suggests.

The Pan Am Games final report will be presented to city council's general issues
committee Wednesday.

Factbox:

Report highlights

3,141 people from Hamilton/Burlington/Oakville applied to TO2015 to be a Pan Am
Games volunteer, the most of any region and 220 per cent of the target number.

131,000 people attended events included in "Hamilton Kicks It Up" cultural
celebrations.

More than 50,000 residents participated in "All Things Pan Am," the program that
funded small neighbourhood events surrounding the Games.

The city's transportation planning team said the city "operated well through
Games-time" with no serious traffic congestion.

10,000 people attended the two-day closing event hosted by Supercrawl
Productions at Pier 4 Park.

250 Hamilton Police Services members worked full time on the Games.

HSR scheduled 1,120 hours of increased service over the 16 days of the Games.

Tourism Hamilton's "familiarization tours" during the Games resulted in securing
seven new provincial and national events for the city, carrying an economic
impact of $1.8 million.

Hotel occupancy was up 9.5 per cent overall over the same period last year, with
all hotel rooms in the city sold out for the final Games weekend.

A stronger connection between the city and First Nations in the area was forged
through participation in Games activities.

Source: City of Hamilton

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            November 27, 2015 Friday

City wins overall after Pan Am Games: report

BYLINE: smilton@thespec.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1006 words


One part of the Pan Am Games ran so smoothly it had a negative impact on another
local portion of the Games.

Among the "challenges" the Pan Am Initiatives committee faced was a
transportation system that was "very efficient in getting spectators to and from
the stadium" but actually limited participation in local cultural activities
celebrating the Games.

All 32 games of the Pan Am soccer tournament were played here and buses that
went directly to the stadium from the West Harbour Go Station and two regional
parking lots didn't allow those spectators the time or opportunity to find their
way to Gore Park, Ottawa Street and other lower-city locations where food,
entertainment and activities related to the Games were being offered. Parking
lots for the shuttles were also located far from where cultural events were
held.

That mild irony is among the observations in the Games post-mortem, which was
released Friday morning.

The 59-page debriefing prepared by Coralee Secore, the city's manager of Pan Am
Initiatives, recaps the details, strengths, shortcomings and legacies of last
summer's massive athletic and cultural festival, which encompassed 15 southern
Ontario communities, including Hamilton.

The report suggests that there needed to be better recognition by TO2015, the
Toronto-based organizers of the Pan Ams, of local cultural planning.

It also said that broadcast dates and times of the actual sporting events needed
to be released much earlier in the planning process, as did the "rules of
engagement" that TO2015 applied to local cultural activities.

"Hamilton Kicks It Up," the Pan Am Initiatives cultural festival, was
financially limited by TO2015's sponsorship agreement, the report says. Because
so many potential sponsors were already with TO2015, which kept the revenues, or
fell into a "sponsorship protected" category there were fewer funding
opportunities for Hamilton Kicks It Up and its local partners. Ignite
Designation funding provided by the province did not make up the financial
shortfall.

Since the 2015 Pan Ams were a one-off in Hamilton and southern Ontario, any
suggestions for improvement would have to be applied to future international
events, such as an Olympics or Commonwealth Games bid.

According to the report, the year-overdue construction of Tim Hortons Field came
in just under budget at $144,157,264, which includes $5 million in payments
withheld from the builders over "construction issues." The projected budget had
been slightly over $145.6 million

The city's Pan Am Initiatives, which ran the cultural events outside the
stadium, carried operating expenses of roughly $1.88 million from 2012 through
2015, with two-thirds of that total going to salaries.

The city spent another $600,000 on its "Hamilton Kicks It Up Showcase" with
federal and provincial grants kicking in an extra $82,500.

While attendance at the soccer games - 225,000 over 16 days - doesn't seem
overwhelmingly high for an international event, it set a Pan Am soccer record,
represented two-thirds of the tickets available and was four per cent above
TO2015's original projections.

About 70 per cent of the soccer spectators making contact with Tourism Hamilton
at its booth in the stadium were from outside of Hamilton. The 1,044 visits to
Tourism Hamilton's downtown office during the two weeks of the Games represented
an increase of 25 per cent over the same period last year.

More precise details of the Pan Am Games' financial effect on the city won't be
available until the first quarter of 2016 when the Canadian Sport Tourism
Alliance releases its economic impact analysis.

Overall, and despite the "challenges" involved in working with a Games head
office an hour's drive away, Secore's report takes a positive tone with emphasis
on the strong legacies the Pan Ams leave the city.

Leading the list of legacies are, of course, Tim Hortons Field and the
improvements to the stadium precinct.

Legacy programs that sprung out of the stadium and/or the Games include
"Grassroots Soccer" for kids at risk, the Healthy Kids Initiative, which helps
local youth make lifestyle choices promoting awareness and sport; Parasport
introductory programs; and the Hamilton District Soccer Association's move
toward introduce para-soccer.

The report also implies that hosting the Pan Ams soccer here created a hard
deadline for completing the West Harbour GO Station, which was opened just in
time for the Games.

And because so many Hamiltonians volunteered for either TO2015 or the local
organizing body, there is now a much broader and better-trained base of
volunteers for future events. The new skills the volunteers acquired should also
help the local economy, the report suggests.

The Pan Am Games final report will be presented to city council's general issues
committee Wednesday.

Factbox:

Report highlights

3,141 people from Hamilton/Burlington/Oakville applied to TO2015 to be a Pan Am
Games volunteer, the most of any region and 220 per cent of the target number.

131,000 people attended events included in "Hamilton Kicks It Up" cultural
celebrations.

More than 50,000 residents participated in "All Things Pan Am," the program that
funded small neighbourhood events surrounding the Games.

The city's transportation planning team said the city "operated well through
Games-time" with no serious traffic congestion.

10,000 people attended the two-day closing event hosted by Supercrawl
Productions at Pier 4 Park.

250 Hamilton Police Services members worked full time on the Games.

HSR scheduled 1,120 hours of increased service over the 16 days of the Games.

Tourism Hamilton's "familiarization tours" during the Games resulted in securing
seven new provincial and national events for the city, carrying an economic
impact of $1.8 million.

Hotel occupancy was up 9.5 per cent overall over the same period last year, with
all hotel rooms in the city sold out for the final Games weekend.

A stronger connection between the city and First Nations in the area was forged
through participation in Games activities.

Source: City of Hamilton

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces 800 Jobs Resulting from Blair County
Project

LENGTH: 541  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


the state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Economic Growth Initiative grant key to the acquisition and construction of
commercial and technology center in Blair County

Harrisburg - Governor Tom Corbett today broke ground at the future site of the
Altoona-Blair Convention Center Commons and Tech Center.  The project is funded,
in part, by a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced
earlier this year and will create and retain 800 jobs for the region.

The EGI grant, awarded to the Altoona-Blair County Development Corporation will
support the site acquisition and construction of a retail, commercial and office
complex in Altoona.  When completed, the location will house nearly 48,000
square foot, 12-screen theater complex, 13,000 square feet of retail space,
6,200 square feet of restaurant space, a four-story hotel and a 26,000 square
foot office building.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said.  "Jobs are being created as a result of these projects.  We
are transforming parts of our towns into thriving centers of commerce and
recreation.  Both of these projects exemplify the spirit and goals of this
program."

The Convention Center Commons/Tech Center Project will be implemented in three
phases. Phase I, which is the subject of the RACP grant includes property
acquisition, engineering and design of site improvements to prepare the site as
shovel and pad-ready for the construction of the commercial and tech center
project. The total cost of Phase I is $8.08 million.

Following this initial phase, construction of the theater and retail spaces will
commence. The final phase of construction will include restaurant, hotel and
office/technology center space.  When completed, the total investment on the
site is estimated at $31.3 million and is expected to generate more than $1.8
million in annual tax revenue for the region.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

WORK SET TO BEGIN ON STRETCH OF N. SIDE;
DEUTSCHTOWN PROJECT RECEIVES STATE GRANT

BYLINE: Diana Nelson Jones, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 364 words


A $3 million state grant announced Monday will spur a $20 million redevelopment
of about 20 parcels on two acres along East Ohio Street on the North Side.

Site work is expected to begin in a week or two.

Under the plan, the site - from the corner of Madison Avenue east - would
accommodate a 120-room hotel, a 65-unit apartment building, parking to
accommodate both, and renovation of the historic Workingman's Savings Bank,
known more recently as the ARC House.

Built in 1902 in the Beaux Arts style, the historic structure has been vacant
for more than 20 years after serving as an alcohol recovery center. It was
granted historic status by city council in 2008.

The Northside Leadership Conference is managing the project in collaboration
with the property owner, October Development.

The collaboration began five years ago when they began assembling the
properties. Much of the land is vacant.

Mark Fatla, executive director of the conference, said the plan is "consistent
with the Deutschtown-East Deutschtown strategic masterplan."

The historic building is to be renovated and will most likely be a restaurant
and catering business, Mr. Fatla said.

The Northside Community Development Fund provided some acquisition money, but
the state Economic Growth Initiative grant "is critical money for an incredibly
important site for the Deutschtown neighborhood and the North Side as a whole,"
Mr. Fatla said.

"It is a major entry point that 100,000 cars a day go past. Right now what you
see there does not reflect what the North Side has become."

The Economic Growth Initiative funding program was created to target
construction-ready projects that offer the greatest potential for jobs and
economic impact, according to a press release from Gov. Tom Corbett's office.

Details about parking, building heights and the rest of the financing structure
have not been worked out, Mr. Fatla said.

He said construction should start by next spring or summer but the timeline
needs to coincide with the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation's work
replacing the road bed in front of the parcels.

"We want to key our project to that so that we can do utility work while they
have the street open," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Diana Nelson Jones: djones@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1626.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces $2.5 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to Redevelop Granite Building into New Forbes Hotel

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2.5 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant to assist in the redevelopment of the Granite Building on the corner
of 6th & Woods Streets into the new Forbes Hotel.

"Pittsburgh is rapidly becoming a premier destination for travelers across the
globe," said Gov. Corbett. "The new Forbes Hotel will combine the beauty of the
past with the great possibilities of the future, making it a unique downtown
destination."

Part of a $38 million investment in downtown Pittsburgh, The Forbes will be an
independent boutique hotel on an intimate scale, showcasing the city of
Pittsburgh.

With 104 rooms, 5-star service, and a location within walking distance of 14
major cultural venues and 18 corporate headquarters, The Forbes will meet the
growing needs demands of nearby businesses and cultural institutions.

The project is the result of a collaboration between The Granite Building, LLC,
architectural firms Tsao & McKown (New York) and ThenDesign (Pittsburgh), and
Prospera Hospitality, national operators specialized in independent hotels.

Engaging in the best practices of adaptive reuse and "green" construction to the
greatest extent possible, the Forbes will combine the historic character of the
Granite Building, a beloved landmark built in 1889 as the German National Bank,
with 21st-century interiors and state-of-the-art technology.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Support Expansion of the U.S. Army Heritage and Education Center

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to help educate the public about the service and sacrifice of our veterans
and active duty soldiers at the U.S. Army Heritage and Education Center
(USAHEC).

The $2 million grant will assist the Army Heritage Center Foundation, the
USAHEC's Friends Group, in its effort to expand its Visitors Center to attract
more local and interstate tourism.

"This investment will help teach those who want to learn the history of our
heroes," Gov. Corbett said. "It's a project that will serve as a monument to the
brave sacrifice of those who've put on the uniform."

The expansion of the Visitor Center will provide 37,000 additional square feet
to support continued growth in visitation and programs.

Enhancements include an exhibit and interpretative gallery to highlight soldier
art; two multi-purpose rooms to host more complex educational programs; and
improved conferencing capabilities to accommodate larger veterans' reunions and
special events. The estimated cost of project is $8.4 million.

When completed, the Visitor Center will serve as the heart of the complex from
which public programs will emanate and sustain the Center's growing visitation.

The U.S. Army Heritage and Education Center (USAHEC) is museum and learning
center dedicated to honoring soldiers and their families; preserving and making
publically available their artifacts and archival materials for study; and
educating and inspiring visitors through programs and exhibits that promote a
greater understanding of the Army's and its soldiers' contributions to American
history.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Johnstown Greater Community YMCA

LENGTH: 539  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to assist in the expansion and upgrade of the Johnstown Greater Community
YMCA.

"The Johnstown Greater Community YMCA has been a driving force behind the health
and well-being of the people of this community," Gov. Corbett said. "This
investment will ensure this facility will continue to serve future generations
here in Johnstown."

The expansion project will include a youth center addition, a therapeutic pool
addition, relocation of entrances, an upgrade and replacement of the existing
facility roof, and other site improvements.

This is Johnstown Greater Community YMCA's first major capital project since the
original construction of the facility in 1979, and will be accommodated through
the purchase of three lots adjacent to the facility. The project is estimated to
create and retain more than 170 jobs.

"The YMCA is a vital asset in our community and we look forward to seeing this
expansion completed so the youth in our community will have a place where they
can learn healthy lifestyle choices and social responsibility" said Ms. Julie
Wanamaker Sheehan, the President of the Board of Directors of the YMCA of
Greater Johnstown.

"These enhancements will also help to improve our capability to serve the
residents of our region.  We appreciate and thank Governor Corbett for
recognizing the importance of these services and for supporting our community."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Johnstown Greater Community YMCA

LENGTH: 539  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $1 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to assist in the expansion and upgrade of the Johnstown Greater Community
YMCA.

"The Johnstown Greater Community YMCA has been a driving force behind the health
and well-being of the people of this community," Gov. Corbett said. "This
investment will ensure this facility will continue to serve future generations
here in Johnstown."

The expansion project will include a youth center addition, a therapeutic pool
addition, relocation of entrances, an upgrade and replacement of the existing
facility roof, and other site improvements.

This is Johnstown Greater Community YMCA's first major capital project since the
original construction of the facility in 1979, and will be accommodated through
the purchase of three lots adjacent to the facility. The project is estimated to
create and retain more than 170 jobs.

"The YMCA is a vital asset in our community and we look forward to seeing this
expansion completed so the youth in our community will have a place where they
can learn healthy lifestyle choices and social responsibility" said Ms. Julie
Wanamaker Sheehan, the President of the Board of Directors of the YMCA of
Greater Johnstown.

"These enhancements will also help to improve our capability to serve the
residents of our region.  We appreciate and thank Governor Corbett for
recognizing the importance of these services and for supporting our community."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

Tulane receives grant to study social and health impacts of BP oil spill

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: New Orleans


Tulane University has issued the following news release:

The Disaster Resilience Leadership Academy at Tulane University has received
$1.4 million from the BP Gulf of Mexico Research Initiative (GoMRI) to collect
new information about health, social well-being and economic impacts of the oil
spill in three hard-hit coastal communities in Louisiana and Alabama.

Tulane's research will provide guidance to community leaders and policy makers
in identifying actions they can take to more effectively mitigate disaster
impacts. Researchers will choose target communities based on oil spill impact,
vulnerability to future oil spills and socio-economic indicators.

"With this funding, our faculty and students will work with consortium members
to establish a clearer picture of the ways in which the oil spill affected the
surrounding communities and develop evidence-based strategic planning and risk
communication strategies for communities facing similar disasters in the
future," said Ky Luu, executive director of Tulane University's DRLA.

To aid in the research, Tulane's newly re-established Computer Science
Department will receive an additional $480,000 to develop a cutting edge Web
tool that will help coordinate the display of information about the oil spill
impacts and play a fundamental role in building resilience to future events.

Kristen Brent Venable, associate professor of computer science, will lead the
effort, which aligns with Tulane President Michael Fitts' vision of enhancing
opportunities for interdisciplinary research.

Tulane received the grant as part of the Consortium for Resilient Gulf
Communities, which was formed to assess and address public health, social and
economic impacts of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.

In addition to Tulane, the consortium includes the RAND Corporation, Louisiana
State University, the University of South Alabama and the Louisiana Public
Health Institute, who will share in an overall $8 million, three-year grant from
GoMRI. The consortium's interdisciplinary research and outreach activities will
focus on determining how communities can build resilience to future disasters.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Excela Health System Orthopedic Center for Excellence

LENGTH: 699  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Excela Health, Westmoreland County for the design and
construction of a specialized orthopedic diagnostic and treatment center located
in Hempfield Township.

When fully operational, the Excela Health Orthopedics Center of Excellence will
comprise 125,000 square feet of new construction and house physician offices,
diagnostic, rehabilitation and testing facilities that will support an
ambulatory surgical center for orthopedic and spine care.  The center will
include orthopedic surgeons, rheumatologists, physical medicine and
rehabilitation specialists, and radiologists as well as clinical support from
physical, occupational and speech therapists, laboratory and imaging
technologists.

"This is a prime example of government and local communities working together to
address the needs of the people," Corbett said. "In addition to creating
family-sustaining jobs, access to quality, specialty care is important,
especially in our suburban and rural areas."

Excela Health is the largest employer in Westmoreland County, employing more
than 4,600 people.  The Center will create and retain 110 jobs and will
indirectly support an additional 198 jobs.  All offices and support services
will be housed within the structure.

The project will be completed in two phases.

The first phase of the project is estimated to take 17 months to complete.  Long
term, the Center is expected to serve 400,000 individuals in and around
Westmoreland County. Patients will benefit from quality, state-of-the-art care,
delivered locally.

"I am pleased that Governor Corbett has partnered with Excela, Westmoreland
County's largest employer, to make the hospital's vision a reality," Senator Kim
Ward (R-Westmoreland) said. "It is important that we continue to work on
increasing access to care while lowering costs for Westmoreland County
families."

"We are thankful for this grant," said Robert Rogalski, Excela's Chief Executive
Officer. "There is a growing need for orthopedic care in the county. Having a
Center of Excellence model of care will help Excela attract new physicians and
skilled clinicians to our community."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Valerie Caras, 717-783-1116

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Excela Health System Orthopedic Center for Excellence

LENGTH: 667  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Excela Health, Westmoreland County for the design and
construction of a specialized orthopedic diagnostic and treatment center located
in Hempfield Township.

When fully operational, the Excela Health Orthopedics Center of Excellence will
comprise 125,000 square feet of new construction and house physician offices,
diagnostic, rehabilitation and testing facilities that will support an
ambulatory surgical center for orthopedic and spine care.  The center will
include orthopedic surgeons, rheumatologists, physical medicine and
rehabilitation specialists, and radiologists as well as clinical support from
physical, occupational and speech therapists, laboratory and imaging
technologists.

"This is a prime example of government and local communities working together to
address the needs of the people," Corbett said. "In addition to creating
family-sustaining jobs, access to quality, specialty care is important,
especially in our suburban and rural areas."

Excela Health is the largest employer in Westmoreland County, employing more
than 4,600 people.  The Center will create and retain 110 jobs and will
indirectly support an additional 198 jobs.  All offices and support services
will be housed within the structure.

The project will be completed in two phases.

The first phase of the project is estimated to take 17 months to complete.  Long
term, the Center is expected to serve 400,000 individuals in and around
Westmoreland County. Patients will benefit from quality, state-of-the-art care,
delivered locally.

"I am pleased that Governor Corbett has partnered with Excela, Westmoreland
County's largest employer, to make the hospital's vision a reality," Senator Kim
Ward (R-Westmoreland) said. "It is important that we continue to work on
increasing access to care while lowering costs for Westmoreland County
families."

"We are thankful for this grant," said Robert Rogalski, Excela's Chief Executive
Officer. "There is a growing need for orthopedic care in the county. Having a
Center of Excellence model of care will help Excela attract new physicians and
skilled clinicians to our community."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Excela Health System Orthopedic Center for Excellence

LENGTH: 667  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Excela Health, Westmoreland County for the design and
construction of a specialized orthopedic diagnostic and treatment center located
in Hempfield Township.

When fully operational, the Excela Health Orthopedics Center of Excellence will
comprise 125,000 square feet of new construction and house physician offices,
diagnostic, rehabilitation and testing facilities that will support an
ambulatory surgical center for orthopedic and spine care.  The center will
include orthopedic surgeons, rheumatologists, physical medicine and
rehabilitation specialists, and radiologists as well as clinical support from
physical, occupational and speech therapists, laboratory and imaging
technologists.

"This is a prime example of government and local communities working together to
address the needs of the people," Corbett said. "In addition to creating
family-sustaining jobs, access to quality, specialty care is important,
especially in our suburban and rural areas."

Excela Health is the largest employer in Westmoreland County, employing more
than 4,600 people.  The Center will create and retain 110 jobs and will
indirectly support an additional 198 jobs.  All offices and support services
will be housed within the structure.

The project will be completed in two phases.

The first phase of the project is estimated to take 17 months to complete.  Long
term, the Center is expected to serve 400,000 individuals in and around
Westmoreland County. Patients will benefit from quality, state-of-the-art care,
delivered locally.

"I am pleased that Governor Corbett has partnered with Excela, Westmoreland
County's largest employer, to make the hospital's vision a reality," Senator Kim
Ward (R-Westmoreland) said. "It is important that we continue to work on
increasing access to care while lowering costs for Westmoreland County
families."

"We are thankful for this grant," said Robert Rogalski, Excela's Chief Executive
Officer. "There is a growing need for orthopedic care in the county. Having a
Center of Excellence model of care will help Excela attract new physicians and
skilled clinicians to our community."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Excela Health System Orthopedic Center for Excellence

LENGTH: 667  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Excela Health, Westmoreland County for the design and
construction of a specialized orthopedic diagnostic and treatment center located
in Hempfield Township.

When fully operational, the Excela Health Orthopedics Center of Excellence will
comprise 125,000 square feet of new construction and house physician offices,
diagnostic, rehabilitation and testing facilities that will support an
ambulatory surgical center for orthopedic and spine care.  The center will
include orthopedic surgeons, rheumatologists, physical medicine and
rehabilitation specialists, and radiologists as well as clinical support from
physical, occupational and speech therapists, laboratory and imaging
technologists.

"This is a prime example of government and local communities working together to
address the needs of the people," Corbett said. "In addition to creating
family-sustaining jobs, access to quality, specialty care is important,
especially in our suburban and rural areas."

Excela Health is the largest employer in Westmoreland County, employing more
than 4,600 people.  The Center will create and retain 110 jobs and will
indirectly support an additional 198 jobs.  All offices and support services
will be housed within the structure.

The project will be completed in two phases.

The first phase of the project is estimated to take 17 months to complete.  Long
term, the Center is expected to serve 400,000 individuals in and around
Westmoreland County. Patients will benefit from quality, state-of-the-art care,
delivered locally.

"I am pleased that Governor Corbett has partnered with Excela, Westmoreland
County's largest employer, to make the hospital's vision a reality," Senator Kim
Ward (R-Westmoreland) said. "It is important that we continue to work on
increasing access to care while lowering costs for Westmoreland County
families."

"We are thankful for this grant," said Robert Rogalski, Excela's Chief Executive
Officer. "There is a growing need for orthopedic care in the county. Having a
Center of Excellence model of care will help Excela attract new physicians and
skilled clinicians to our community."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Establish Sharon Center for Arts & Technology

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2.6 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in establishment of the Sharon Center for Arts &
Technology.

"Providing target job training, and giving Pennsylvanians the skills to compete
will prepare our commonwealth for the 21st century economy," said Gov. Corbett.
"The Sharon Center for Arts & Technology will provide our working families with
opportunity and hope for generations to come."

The $5.6 million project, sponsored by the Community Foundation of Western PA
and Eastern Ohio, will consist of the construction and establishment of a
learning center focused on industry specific job training to unemployed and
underemployed adults in the healthcare industry, as well as cultural & learning
opportunities to teenage youth in public schools in the Sharon area.

"We are grateful to the Corbett Administration for the commitment of $2.6
million which will be locally matched and initiate a world class arts and
technology center here in Sharon," said William E. Strickland, Jr., President
and CEO of Manchester Bidwell Corporation and organizer of the project.

"The center will provide education and job training for the most disadvantaged
and provide career ladder opportunities and college accessibility for many
students in need.  Work will begin immediately to get the development process
underway."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
to Establish Sharon Center for Arts & Technology

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2.6 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in establishment of the Sharon Center for Arts &
Technology.

"Providing target job training, and giving Pennsylvanians the skills to compete
will prepare our commonwealth for the 21st century economy," said Gov. Corbett.
"The Sharon Center for Arts & Technology will provide our working families with
opportunity and hope for generations to come."

The $5.6 million project, sponsored by the Community Foundation of Western PA
and Eastern Ohio, will consist of the construction and establishment of a
learning center focused on industry specific job training to unemployed and
underemployed adults in the healthcare industry, as well as cultural & learning
opportunities to teenage youth in public schools in the Sharon area.

"We are grateful to the Corbett Administration for the commitment of $2.6
million which will be locally matched and initiate a world class arts and
technology center here in Sharon," said William E. Strickland, Jr., President
and CEO of Manchester Bidwell Corporation and organizer of the project.

"The center will provide education and job training for the most disadvantaged
and provide career ladder opportunities and college accessibility for many
students in need.  Work will begin immediately to get the development process
underway."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective. Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Lt. Governor Cawley Announces $3.7 million Economic Growth
Initiative Grant for Chinatown Community Center

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Lt. Governor Jim Cawley today announced a $3.7 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to assist in the development of The Chinatown Community
Center.

"Today we make an investment that will energize and revitalize the Chinatown
area in Philadelphia," said Lt. Gov. Cawley. "This grant will help create more
than 500 construction and 300 permanent jobs for Pennsylvania's working
families."

The Chinatown Community Center, also known as the Eastern Tower Community
Center, is a planned mixed-use project at the corner of 10th & Vine Streets in
Philadelphia. The project, sponsored by the Philadelphia Chinatown Development
Corporation (PCDC), will comprise approximately 227,000 square feet on almost
half an acre of land.

The $76 million project will include over 9,000 square feet of retail space;
16,000 square feet of office space, 17,000 square feet of multi-use
recreational, event and program space and 143 one and two bedroom residential
units.

The project is part of a Neighborhood Plan developed in partnership with the
Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission (DVRPC), the City of Philadelphia,
William Penn Foundation, PCDC and a broad group of community stakeholders.

The project will become an anchor for the redevelopment of the underdeveloped
area of Philadelphia known as Chinatown North. In addition to providing a much
needed recreational facility, the project will serve as a springboard for the
further redevelopment of the 10th Street commercial and residential corridor up
to Spring Garden Street.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Lt. Governor Cawley Announces $3.7 million Economic Growth
Initiative Grant for Chinatown Community Center

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Lt. Governor Jim Cawley today announced a $3.7 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to assist in the development of The Chinatown Community
Center.

"Today we make an investment that will energize and revitalize the Chinatown
area in Philadelphia," said Lt. Gov. Cawley. "This grant will help create more
than 500 construction and 300 permanent jobs for Pennsylvania's working
families."

The Chinatown Community Center, also known as the Eastern Tower Community
Center, is a planned mixed-use project at the corner of 10th & Vine Streets in
Philadelphia. The project, sponsored by the Philadelphia Chinatown Development
Corporation (PCDC), will comprise approximately 227,000 square feet on almost
half an acre of land.

The $76 million project will include over 9,000 square feet of retail space;
16,000 square feet of office space, 17,000 square feet of multi-use
recreational, event and program space and 143 one and two bedroom residential
units.

The project is part of a Neighborhood Plan developed in partnership with the
Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission (DVRPC), the City of Philadelphia,
William Penn Foundation, PCDC and a broad group of community stakeholders.

The project will become an anchor for the redevelopment of the underdeveloped
area of Philadelphia known as Chinatown North. In addition to providing a much
needed recreational facility, the project will serve as a springboard for the
further redevelopment of the 10th Street commercial and residential corridor up
to Spring Garden Street.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for New Pittsburgh Playhouse

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news releasea:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to support the construction of the new Point Park
University Pittsburgh Playhouse in downtown Pittsburgh.

"Today we announce an investment which will continue in making the city of
Pittsburgh a premier destination for visitors from around the world." said Gov.
Corbett. "Energizing the arts community of this great city is always a smart
investment."

The EGI grant from the commonwealth will support the relocation of the
Pittsburgh Playhouse from an isolated site in Oakland to the arterial Forbes
Avenue corridor in Downtown Pittsburgh. This $10 million project will include
site acquisition, deconstruction, and preparatory work for the
92,000-square-foot parcel the new Playhouse will be built upon.

When all phases of this project are completed, the project will add $74 million
in economic output as well as create 600 total jobs from construction and
operations in the first five years of the project.

"The new Pittsburgh Playhouse will provide our students and faculty with the
academic facilities that a program of our caliber deserves," said Paul Hennigan,
president of Point Park University. "It will also contribute significantly to
Point Park's growing campus in Downtown Pittsburgh."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                               February 23, 2009

Civic Innovation Lab touts startup project success rate

BYLINE: CHUCK SODER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0009

LENGTH: 542 Words


In the eyes of Jennifer Thomas, the Civic Innovation Lab's successes outweigh
its failures, even if they don't outnumber them.

The lab describes more than a quarter of the 45 economic development projects it
has supported financially as "successes," though just as many have failed or are
struggling, according to Ms. Thomas, the lab's director.

She says the 50-50 split is good enough for her. The economic impact from just a
few of those successes, in her view, has been enough to offset the cost of
grants given to failed projects.

"I suppose we'd be happy with even a lower number of successes," Ms. Thomas
said.

The lab deems 12 projects successes, 21 as promising and 13 as failed or
struggling. Most of those in the promising category were financed over the past
two years, while most of the others are older.

The lab, founded in 2003 by the Cleveland Foundation, issues grants of up to
$30,000 to individuals so they can start companies, nonprofits and other
organizations that they believe could boost downtown Cleveland, support
entrepreneurship, reverse the region's brain drain or start a new industry. It
also provides mentors to each recipient.

Because grant recipients aren't tasked with creating jobs or generating a
monetary return on investment, it's difficult to define a project as a "success"
in the traditional sense. All projects in that category, however, are sustaining
themselves through either sales or fundraising, Ms. Thomas said.

She singled out some of the lab's leading initiatives:

? Ray's Mountain Bike Park, located in what was an empty warehouse on
Cleveland's West Side, brought in 7,000 riders during its 2007-2008 season,
which starts in November and ends in May, and sales are up 40% so far this year.
The rarity of indoor bike parks helps Ray's attract 80% of its riders from out
of state.

? The Women's Leadership Initiative gives career development assistance to about
1,200 women per year. The program, run by YWCA Greater Cleveland, plans to
expand to Akron in May and sustains itself through fees charged to participants.

? Cool Networks LLC distributes the Cool Cleveland e-mail newsletter to 80,000
people each week. The newsletter, financed by advertisers, has helped increase
visibility of arts and entertainment in Cleveland.

? Fuel Circle Fuels sells about 1,250 gallons of biodiesel and filtered
vegetable oil per month from a revamped gasoline station in Oberlin. The company
also has modified more than 200 vehicles to burn vegetable oil.

Some of the groups in the "success" category still face challenges. For
instance, the Entrepreneurship Prep-aratory School, or E Prep, has had
difficulties raising as much cash as it needs to continue providing a longer
school day and school year to its students, even though test scores among the
charter school's 240 sixth-, seventh- and eighth-graders have greatly improved
since their arrival.

The Cleveland Foundation is commissioning an independent review of the Civic
Innovation Lab, but so far it is pleased with the results, said Bob Eckardt,
senior vice president of programs and evaluation with the foundation. He noted
Cool Cleveland's wide circulation as an example.

"Now you look back and say, 'Wow, that's part of the fabric of the community,'"
Mr. Eckardt said.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cl


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for New Pittsburgh Playhouse

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to support the construction of the new Point Park
University Pittsburgh Playhouse in downtown Pittsburgh.

"Today we announce an investment which will continue in making the city of
Pittsburgh a premier destination for visitors from around the world." said Gov.
Corbett. "Energizing the arts community of this great city is always a smart
investment."

The EGI grant from the commonwealth will support the relocation of the
Pittsburgh Playhouse from an isolated site in Oakland to the arterial Forbes
Avenue corridor in Downtown Pittsburgh. This $10 million project will include
site acquisition, deconstruction, and preparatory work for the
92,000-square-foot parcel the new Playhouse will be built upon.

When all phases of this project are completed, the project will add $74 million
in economic output as well as create 600 total jobs from construction and
operations in the first five years of the project.

"The new Pittsburgh Playhouse will provide our students and faculty with the
academic facilities that a program of our caliber deserves," said Paul Hennigan,
president of Point Park University. "It will also contribute significantly to
Point Park's growing campus in Downtown Pittsburgh."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for New Pittsburgh Playhouse

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to support the construction of the new Point Park
University Pittsburgh Playhouse in downtown Pittsburgh.

"Today we announce an investment which will continue in making the city of
Pittsburgh a premier destination for visitors from around the world." said Gov.
Corbett. "Energizing the arts community of this great city is always a smart
investment."

The EGI grant from the commonwealth will support the relocation of the
Pittsburgh Playhouse from an isolated site in Oakland to the arterial Forbes
Avenue corridor in Downtown Pittsburgh. This $10 million project will include
site acquisition, deconstruction, and preparatory work for the
92,000-square-foot parcel the new Playhouse will be built upon.

When all phases of this project are completed, the project will add $74 million
in economic output as well as create 600 total jobs from construction and
operations in the first five years of the project.

"The new Pittsburgh Playhouse will provide our students and faculty with the
academic facilities that a program of our caliber deserves," said Paul Hennigan,
president of Point Park University. "It will also contribute significantly to
Point Park's growing campus in Downtown Pittsburgh."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for New Pittsburgh Playhouse

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to support the construction of the new Point Park
University Pittsburgh Playhouse in downtown Pittsburgh.

"Today we announce an investment which will continue in making the city of
Pittsburgh a premier destination for visitors from around the world." said Gov.
Corbett. "Energizing the arts community of this great city is always a smart
investment."

The EGI grant from the commonwealth will support the relocation of the
Pittsburgh Playhouse from an isolated site in Oakland to the arterial Forbes
Avenue corridor in Downtown Pittsburgh. This $10 million project will include
site acquisition, deconstruction, and preparatory work for the
92,000-square-foot parcel the new Playhouse will be built upon.

When all phases of this project are completed, the project will add $74 million
in economic output as well as create 600 total jobs from construction and
operations in the first five years of the project.

"The new Pittsburgh Playhouse will provide our students and faculty with the
academic facilities that a program of our caliber deserves," said Paul Hennigan,
president of Point Park University. "It will also contribute significantly to
Point Park's growing campus in Downtown Pittsburgh."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            September 9, 2011 Friday

Arts grants on chopping block;
City proposal would eliminate $6 million in annual cash for top cultural groups

BYLINE: Martin Knelman Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 566 words


A proposal drafted at Toronto City Hall to slash all funding to major arts
organizations is sending shock waves through Toronto's cultural world, the Star
has learned.

The proposal, prepared by city manager Joe Pennachetti in response to a request
from Mayor Rob Ford's office, is intended to be presented at a meeting of the
city's executive committee on Sept. 19.

If passed by city council, the plan would eliminate more than $6 million of
annual funding that goes directly to 10 of the city's top arts organizations,
including the Toronto International Film Festival, which opened Thursday.

The leaders of those organizations have scheduled a summit on Friday morning at
the Four Seasons Centre for the Performing Arts, convened by the Toronto Arts
Council. (The council hands out $10 million in arts grants from the city, but
the $6 million for the major groups comes directly from city hall.)

"I haven't seen anything on paper, but the newest recommendation would most
certainly affect major arts organizations in a dramatic way," said Claire
Hopkinson, executive director of the arts council.

"It would involve alarming reductions to a number of arts organizations ... We
feel it is important to let the people of Toronto know and appreciate the
importance of funding for the arts from the city."

For that reason, the arts council, in collaboration with Business for the Arts,
is organizing a news conference at Roy Thomson Hall next Thursday.

Representatives of TIFF, the National Ballet of Canada and the Canadian Opera
Company said they would certainly feel the loss of the city money.

"We currently receive $800,000 from the city, and we have had a great working
relationship with the city under current and past administrations," said
Jennifer Bell, TIFF's vice-president in charge of communications.

"Our year-round activities bring in $170 million in independently measured
economic impact."

"The city's funding goes to great use supporting our year-round initiatives ...
with only a small portion going to the festival. A fair amount of our funding
goes directly back to the city (through paid-duty officers, permits, passes to
the city, etc.)."

Kevin Garland, executive director of the National Ballet of Canada, said, "It
would be a huge setback if the city pulled the rug out now.

"There was a tremendous commitment and investment to our cultural infrastructure
from private donors as well as governments, and the result was we have built a
cultural scene that we can be proud of, which makes this city a tourist
destination and delivers major economic impact."

"If we lost our grant from the city, we would have to become a different kind of
company," said Alexander Neef, general director of the Canadian Opera Company.

Hopkinson said there are other options under consideration and she hopes the
city will be persuaded not to adopt the worst-case plan.

"I can't imagine city council would approve drastic cuts," says Jeff Melanson,
the mayor's adviser on the arts since November 2010.

"And if it did happen, I would feel betrayed."

In recruiting Melanson, Ford agreed there would be no cuts to the arts.

WHAT THEY GOT IN 2011

Canadian Opera Company: $1,317,015

National Ballet of Canada: $1,148,600

Toronto Symphony: $1,134,036

TIFF: $800,000

Art Gallery of Ontario: $540,000

Caribbean Carnival: $494,190

Luminato: $200,000

National Ballet School: $137,332

Gardiner Museum: $135,980

Pride Toronto: $123,807

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for New Pittsburgh Playhouse

LENGTH: 445  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to support the construction of the new Point Park
University Pittsburgh Playhouse in downtown Pittsburgh.

"Today we announce an investment which will continue in making the city of
Pittsburgh a premier destination for visitors from around the world." said Gov.
Corbett. "Energizing the arts community of this great city is always a smart
investment."

The EGI grant from the commonwealth will support the relocation of the
Pittsburgh Playhouse from an isolated site in Oakland to the arterial Forbes
Avenue corridor in Downtown Pittsburgh. This $10 million project will include
site acquisition, deconstruction, and preparatory work for the
92,000-square-foot parcel the new Playhouse will be built upon.

When all phases of this project are completed, the project will add $74 million
in economic output as well as create 600 total jobs from construction and
operations in the first five years of the project.

"The new Pittsburgh Playhouse will provide our students and faculty with the
academic facilities that a program of our caliber deserves," said Paul Hennigan,
president of Point Park University. "It will also contribute significantly to
Point Park's growing campus in Downtown Pittsburgh."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for New Pittsburgh Playhouse

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to support the construction of the new Point Park
University Pittsburgh Playhouse in downtown Pittsburgh.

"Today we announce an investment which will continue in making the city of
Pittsburgh a premier destination for visitors from around the world." said Gov.
Corbett. "Energizing the arts community of this great city is always a smart
investment."

The EGI grant from the commonwealth will support the relocation of the
Pittsburgh Playhouse from an isolated site in Oakland to the arterial Forbes
Avenue corridor in Downtown Pittsburgh. This $10 million project will include
site acquisition, deconstruction, and preparatory work for the
92,000-square-foot parcel the new Playhouse will be built upon.

When all phases of this project are completed, the project will add $74 million
in economic output as well as create 600 total jobs from construction and
operations in the first five years of the project.

"The new Pittsburgh Playhouse will provide our students and faculty with the
academic facilities that a program of our caliber deserves," said Paul Hennigan,
president of Point Park University. "It will also contribute significantly to
Point Park's growing campus in Downtown Pittsburgh."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, Governor's Press Office, 717-783-1116

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             June 30, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

WNY deserves security funding;
Senate needs to join House and make region eligible for anti-terrorism grants

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 488 words


Rep. Brian Higgins' important efforts to ensure that Buffalo Niagara is eligible
for millions in federal homeland security funding has rightfully won bipartisan
support in the House. Now it's time for the Senate to act.

The Department of Homeland Security excluded Buffalo from the Urban Area
Security Initiative grant program for the current fiscal year and plans to do
the same for fiscal year 2012, which begins Oct. 1. An amendment by Higgins
would restore the region's eligibility for funding next year.

Last year, the Buffalo area received $5.5 million under that program, which
provides local law enforcement with communications equipment and training to
respond to homeland security emergencies. Higgins, D-Buffalo, argued that
Buffalo and other smaller regions should not be eliminated from the program
simply because of federal budget limitations.

The House vote was a model of bipartisanship. The amendment by Democrat Higgins
passed in the Republican House by a vote of 273 to 150. The Senate is expected
to start work soon on the Homeland Security Appropriation bill. When it does,
senators should include language maintaining Urban Area Security Initiative
eligibility for smaller urban areas, including Buffalo.

Homeland Security wanted to limit the grants to large metro areas, dropping the
smaller areas because they rank lower in terms of security risk. That ranking is
based on population, population density, specific characteristics that could
increase the risk of a terror attack, proximity to critical national
infrastructure and the potential economic impact of an attack.

Excluding those smaller regions from the Homeland Security program despite the
risks they face was unconscionable. The Buffalo Niagara region is home to four
international road bridges and the Niagara Power Project, the state's largest
electricity producer, not to mention the Lackawanna Six al-Qaida terrorist cell.
This region sits along two of the Great Lakes, the world's largest supply of
fresh water. We are within 500 miles of roughly 55 percent of the U.S.
population and 62 percent of the Canadian population.

That information should have been enough to persuade the Department of Homeland
Security to provide funding. But because $780 million was cut from the program,
Homeland Security reduced by nearly half the number of regions receiving the
anti-terrorism money. Besides Buffalo, the amendment would make Rochester,
Syracuse and Albany eligible for the funding in 2012.

Thanks to Higgins and the support of Kathleen C. Hochul, D-Hamburg, and Louise
M. Slaughter, D-Fairport, and members from California, Oregon, Florida and
Minnesota, among others, these smaller communities could be once again eligible
for funding.

The Senate should follow course, including the language keeping the Urban Area
Security Commission eligibility for all 64 urban areas. The nation is facing a
fiscal crisis, but public safety must come first.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorials

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

York Co.'s booming tourism industry gets a push

BYLINE: By, Lindsay C VanAsdalan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 811 words


Tourism - defined as visitation from beyond a 50-mile radius - is booming in
York County.

The county brings in close to 1 billion in tourism spending each year, according
to the latest Economic Impact of Pennsylvania's Travel and Tourism Industry
report.

In 2014, visitors spent $923.1 million - the fifth consecutive year with an
increase in tourism spending - creating an economic impact of more than 90
million in state and local taxes, according to the report.

The taxes provide direct tax relief for all York County residents, said the York
County Convention and Visitor's Bureau, and to expand on this, the YCCVB is
enacting a grant program that will bring in more than $700,000 to benefit the
county tourism industry each year.

York County is the first

Of $3.1 million expected in county hotel room taxes, 47 percent will go toward
the grant program (with a portion allocated to legacy tourism partners and the
York Expo Center), making York the first county in the state to invest nearly
half of its room tax revenue in a grant program, according to Anne Druck, YCCVB
president.

The vision to enact a tourism grant program has been a long time coming.

After eight years of the YCCVB appealing to legislators for equitable tourism
funding, Governor Wolf passed House Bill 794 - now Act 18 - in April, allowing
York and 56 other Pennsylvania counties to raise the hotel room tax from 3 to 5
percent for the purpose of using tax dollars toward tourism promotion.

York County Hotel Room Tax revenue growth, according to statistics provided by
YCCVB Communications Specialist Andrew Staub, has been growing since the 2009-10
period, with growth of more than $100,000 between each of the last two periods.

An increase to 5 percent will allow the county to better compete with
neighboring counties such as Adams, Dauphin, Lancaster, Erie, Philadelphia and
Pittsburgh, which are already operating with a 5 percent room tax.

A month after Act 18 was signed, the York County Board of Commissioners voted to
raise the York tax, making the county the first of the 57 counties under the new
law to use it.

How does the grant program work?

The grant program will seek to fund projects that will market York as a sports,
leisure, business, convention or meeting travel destination.

This means area event planners could receive funding to bring tournaments,
meetings or conventions to the county, or cultural venues and historic or
recreational sites could fund marketing campaigns, according to Druck.

Promotional organizations such as Main Street Hanover would also be able to use
grant money for further research and marketing efforts.

The YCCVB Grant Committee is "looking for proposals that reflect creativity and
innovation, an understanding of the tourism industry and current trends, and
that present a clear and convincing case for how the proposed initiative will
expand tourism or broadly enhance the visitor experience," according to the
program guidelines.

Applicants are encouraged to request a joint grant for projects that promote a
unified interest that would draw visitors to the area, such as the Mason-Dixon
Wine Trail.

Grant money may be used to strengthen the competitiveness of existing
attractions or events, build upon them or develop new ones. However, individual
businesses that apply must not unduly compete with private-sector tourism or
travel efforts, according to state law.

For example, using grant money for a building project within an individual hotel
may not benefit county tourism as a whole, but applicants can work together to
determine projects that will draw in visitors from markets more than 50 miles
outside of York.

Application process

The YCCVB is now accepting applications for the first round of the York County
tourism grant program.

Applications are due by Feb. 15 for a minimum request of $2,500.

In the summer, there will be a second round of applications accepted for no more
than $10,000 per grant. Timely programs or projects with great economic impact
may be considered throughout the year.

Here's a few things to know:

All grants must be matched by 25 percent with cash or an in kind match
(contribution of goods or services rather than cash), but the York County
Economic Alliance is offering financial assistance for the match requirement, if
needed.

Applicants do not have to be located in York County as long as their projects
benefit the county.

Any project that will increase overnight stays in the county will be given
preference, as overnight visitors generate more economic impact, in addition to
funding the program via the room tax.

Grants may be for single or multi-year projects, and there is no limit to how
many grants will be given each year.

The money not used from the grant fund each year will be used toward the next
year's grant fund.

For more information, or to apply for a 2017 York County tourism grant, visit
www.yorkpa.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hes


                         Copyright 2017 The Evening Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday

Local officials get education on I-JOBS initiative: Application process and
meeting criteria critical to accessing the funds

BYLINE: Mark Newman, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Jun. 23--OTTUMWA -- Iowa's version of a recession-fighting stimulus plan has
millions of dollars up for grabs.

On Monday, officials from the Culver/Judge I-JOBS initiative were at Bridge View
Center. Though the public was welcome at the meeting, most audience members were
non-profit organization managers as well as city and county officials.

The $830 million program is designed to create jobs and to aid in disaster
relief related to last year's flooding. But I-JOBS is not a one-stop shop, even
though there is an I-JOBS board. Local officials will need to know what they are
applying for, where to call and who to talk to.

"This was about the different pots of money and how to access them," said
Wapello County Supervisor Steve Siegel.

Joseph Jones of the Iowa Finance Authority said "non-competitive grants" for
local infrastructure have already been promised to entities like the city of
Cedar Rapids, Iowa State University and the flood-ravaged Czech and Slovak
Museum in Cedar Rapids.

But the "competitive" money for local infrastructure is $118.5 million.

"That can give us the [funds] to create things that we need and provide jobs,"
said Siegel. "So we want our fair share."

There's also money for objectives besides public infrastructure, like
alternative energy, water quality and housing.

For a city, county or nonprofit agency to get any of that money, they'll go
through an application process with the first part due in July. The Iowa Finance
Authority will review the requests.

Jones said the criteria for determining awardees is five-fold.

"We're looking for job creation both during and after the project, financial
feasibility, energy efficiency, benefits for disaster recovery and finally,
readiness to proceed."

That last requirement is going to be very important, he said.

"This is the infamous 'shovel-ready' requirement," Jones said. "How far along
are you [on planning] or, when can you start turning dirt."

The money can go toward "disaster rebuilding," replacing public buildings and
flood protection.

Competitive grant projects have to have a local or state-wide economic impact,
have local support and are not limited to just a few sections of Iowa.

"As a board, we want to make sure the grants are geographically diverse," Jones
said, adding that the board could say "no" to an application if it notices too
many projects going to one part of the state.

While the I-Jobs board oversees the public infrastructure money, money for city
and county roads -- $55 million -- is being allocated via the Iowa Department of
Transportation.

For example, the DOT has pledged $240,000 to Ottumwa, and $190,000 to Wapello
County.

State officials admit that not every answer is available, even with the board
approving the I-JOBS rules last week. And $100 million of the money hasn't been
assigned to anything yet. Jones said the Iowa Legislature worked to get the
money allocated -- and distributed -- quickly.

"We are anxious to get your applications," announced Bret Mills, director of the
Iowa Finance Authority as well as an I-JOBS board member, "and we are anxious to
get this money out the door."

Mark Newman can be reached at (641) 683-5358 or via e-mail at mgnewman@mchsi.com

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090623-OT-Local-officials-get-education-on-I-JOBS-initiative-0623

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    NewsDay

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Microsoft launches fund to improve access to affordable Internet in underserved
markets - NewsDay Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 335  words


Microsoft Corporation has launched a new fund to cultivate companies with
solutions that bring affordable Internet access to underserved markets.

BY STAFF REPORTER

In a statement yesterday, the company said the fund was part of Microsoft's
Affordable Access Initiative, which invests in new last-mile access
technologies, cloud-based services and applications, and business models that
can reduce the cost of Internet access and help more people affordably get
online.

"Today, there are approximately four billion people globally without Internet
access," Peggy Johnson, executive vice-president of business development at
Microsoft, said.

"The ability to close that gap is more achievable than ever with technology that
is readily available and affordable in many parts of the world. Through this
fund, we hope to kick-start the entrepreneurial process by identifying promising
ideas that we can help nurture, grow and scale."

Under its Affordable Access Initiative, Microsoft said it was partnering with
Internet access providers and other public and private sector entities on
innovative and practical connectivity and services solutions designed to deliver
the greatest
socio-economic impact to the greatest number of people.

Microsoft said it was currently deploying TV whitespaces technology, which
repurposes TV frequencies not being used locally to provide affordable, robust
Internet access to entire communities.

Through its Microsoft 4Afrika Initiative, the company is driving the multi-year
initiative through which Microsoft is actively engaging in Africa's economic
development to improve its global competitiveness through locally relevant
innovation, affordable access and skills development.

In addition to receiving on average $75 000 in funding and free software and
services, recipients will have the opportunity to participate in a programme
offered by Microsoft to connect with other grant recipients and potential
funders.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/385/1279/15/144782052699.jpeg

Microsoft Windows 8

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1279


                             Copyright 2015 NewsDay
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Texas: Texas natural gas grants totaling $53 million generated $128 million in
economic impact last year, according to UTSA research

LENGTH: 785  words

DATELINE: Austin


The University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, The state of Texas
has issued the following news release:


The UTSA Institute for Economic Development released a study today showing that
three State grants to support natural gas programs generated $128 million in
economic impact, $79.1 million in gross state product and supported 927
full-time jobs in 2014. The three grants, totaling $52.9 million, generated that
impact by supporting the construction of new natural gas fueling stations and
the adoption of natural gas vehicles.


The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) administered the three
grants: the Clean Transportation Triangle (CTT), the Alternative Fueling
Facilities Program (AFFP) and the Texas Natural Gas Vehicle Program (TNGVP).
The CTT and AFFP encourage the building of natural gas fueling infrastructure to
connect Dallas/Fort Worth, San Antonio, Austin, and Houston - an area known as
the Texas Triangle - and to support fleets and other drivers of alternative fuel
vehicles. The Texas Triangle comprises 60,000 square miles and is home to more
than 70 percent of the state's residents.
The Texas Natural Gas Vehicle Program (TNGVP) enables companies that own or
operate heavy/medium duty motor vehicles to repower those vehicles with a
natural gas engine, or replace those vehicles with natural gas vehicles.
The CTT and AFFP grants totaled nearly $21 million and supported 54 natural gas
station applicants from 2012 to 2014. The TNGVP grants, $32 million, supported
618 natural gas vehicle purchases and four vehicle conversations for 50
applicants from 2012 to 2014.
"Our research shows that public investment in natural gas fueling stations and
the vehicles they support is positively and significantly impacting the Texas
economy by providing jobs and improving air quality for the state," said Tom
Tunstall, director of research at the UTSA Institute of Economic Development.
UTSA's research also found that, in 2013, the three TCEQ grants generated $30.2
million in economic output, $14.7 million in gross state product and 132
full-time jobs.
"We all want to keep our economy strong and our air clean, and this study shows
how the Texas Clean Transportation Triangle helps us do exactly that," said
State Representative Jason Isaac (R-Dripping Springs). "That's why I filed HB
652 to block efforts of transferring state revenue away from the fund that
supports the Triangle. We have a broad coalition, including Sierra Club, Texas
Chemical Council, America's Natural Gas Alliance, Texas Association of Business,
and the City of Austin, among others, which shows that this is an issue that
transcends party lines."
State monies provided by the incentive grants contributed approximately 25
percent of the total of private sector investment in facilities spending, and
provided a highly beneficial and positive economic impact for Texas related to
jobs, environmental sustainability, energy independence, and the strength of
Texas industry and its citizens.
UTSA economists predict that the impact of the three grants will skyrocket in
2018, generating:
$484 million in total economic output
$302 million gross state product, and
3,076 full-time jobs
Newly released data from the Texas Railroad Commission shows that natural gas
vehicles (NGVs) are the most popular alternative fuel vehicles in the state,
with more than 7,000 NGVs currently in operation. According to the U.S.
Department of Energy, natural gas burns cleaner than gasoline or diesel fuels
because of its lower carbon content.
"Natural gas is generating big benefits for Texas," said Texas Railroad
Commissioner David Porter. "By investing in programs like the Texas Clean
Transportation Triangle and my Natural Gas Initiative to get more natural gas
vehicles on Texas roads, we're supporting Texas jobs and keeping our economy
strong. This study is a great reminder that when we use more Texas-produced
natural gas to make vehicle fleets cleaner, we all benefit."
The UTSA Institute for Economic Development is dedicated to creating jobs,
growing businesses and fostering economic development. Its 12 centers and
programs provide professional business advising, technical training, research
and strategic planning to entrepreneurs, business owners and community leaders.
Economic Impacts of Natural Gas Fueling Station Infrastructure and Vehicle
Conversions in the Texas Clean Transportation Triangle was prepared by the
Center for Community and Business Research at the UTSA Institute for Economic
Development. The research was supported with funding from America's Natural Gas
Alliance (ANGA).


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 18, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

LOUDOUN;
In Brief

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. T04

LENGTH: 492 words


The Loudoun County Health Department has received a $ 90,000 grant for the PILOT
program, a private-practice initiative designed to provide prenatal care for
economically disadvantaged women.

The grant is in conjunction with the department's special merit awards to
participating physicians Harry McLeod, Michael Willoughby, Khurram Rashid,
Chauncey Stokes, G. Neil Foster and Anne Brown.

"On a voluntary basis, our doctors have created and sustained this vital
program," said Rodney Huebbers, chief executive officer and president of Loudoun
Hospital Center.

During its 10 years, the program has served more than 1,500 women who otherwise
would not have had access to an obstetrician until delivery. When the program
began, only 18 percent of eligible patients were taking advantage of prenatal
care through the health department within the first trimester, increasing the
risk of complications for patients.

Because of the program, the number has risen to 80 percent, resulting in fewer
transfers of high-risk patients out of the county, higher birth weights and
lower rates of premature deliveries.

The Western Loudoun Optimist Club and Purcellville Police Department will
deliver turkey or ham dinners to 20 needy families on Dec. 20 in the fourth
annual Christmas Meals Program.

The club has received help from Food Lion, Food Plus and Sweet T's as well as
students at Blue Ridge Middle School and Loudoun Valley High School.
Contributions may be made to the Western Loudoun Optimist Club, Christmas Meals
Program, Box 1349, Purcellville, Va. 20134.

The Virginia Agricultural Statistical Service will start counting horses this
month under the direction of the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Phase 1 of the study will determine how many horses are owned in the state, the
number of acres devoted to them and the breeds represented. Phase 2 will look at
the economic impact horses and their owners have through purchases of tack, hay,
bagged feeds, trucks, trailers, veterinarian services and supplies and other
horse needs.

In addition, the Virginia Horse Industry Board has released guidelines for grant
proposals that support studies and initiatives designed to promote and develop
the state's horse industry. For consideration, projects must be in the areas of
education, research and marketing.

For information, call Warren Howell at Department of Economic Development at
703-737-8820.

Anyone wishing to participate in the Leesburg Christmas parade should call E.J.
Jackson at the Parks and Recreation Department, 703-737-7156.

The parade will begin at 7 p.m. Dec. 1 at Ida Lee Park. The town's annual
celebration will begin at 5 p.m. that day with carriage rides, tree-lighting at
6 p.m. on the town green, live holiday music and photos with Santa Claus.

The celebration continues that weekend with the 11th annual Holiday Arts &
Crafts Show from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Dec. 1 and 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Dec. 2 at Ida Lee
Park. Cost is free.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday
                                 First Edition

City wins overall after Pan Am Games: report

BYLINE: Steve Milton The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: LOCAL / NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 1008 words


One part of the Pan Am Games ran so smoothly it had a negative impact on another
local portion of the Games.

Among the "challenges" the Pan Am Initiatives committee faced was a
transportation system that was "very efficient in getting spectators to and from
the stadium" but actually limited participation in local cultural activities
celebrating the Games.

All 32 games of the Pan Am soccer tournament were played here.

Buses that went directly to the stadium from the West Harbour Go Station and two
regional parking lots didn't allow those spectators the time or opportunity to
find their way to Gore Park, Ottawa Street and other lower-city locations where
food, entertainment and activities related to the Games were being offered.

Parking lots for the shuttles were also located far from where cultural events
were held.

That mild irony is among the observations in the Games post-mortem, which was
released Friday morning.

The 59-page debriefing prepared by Coralee Secore, the city's manager of Pan Am
Initiatives, recaps the details, strengths, shortcomings and legacies of last
summer's massive athletic and cultural festival, which encompassed 15 southern
Ontario communities, including Hamilton.

The report suggests that there needed to be better recognition by TO2015, the
Toronto-based organizers of the Pan Ams, of local cultural planning.

It also said that broadcast dates and times of the actual sporting events needed
to be released much earlier in the planning process, as did the "rules of
engagement" that TO2015 applied to local cultural activities.

"Hamilton Kicks It Up," the Pan Am Initiatives cultural festival, was
financially limited by TO2015's sponsorship agreement, the report says. Because
so many potential sponsors were already with TO2015, which kept the revenues, or
fell into a "sponsorship protected" category there were fewer funding
opportunities for Hamilton Kicks It Up and its local partners. Ignite
Designation funding provided by the province did not make up the financial
shortfall.

Since the 2015 Pan Ams were a one-off in Hamilton and southern Ontario, any
suggestions for improvement would have to be applied to future international
events, such as an Olympics or Commonwealth Games bid.

According to the report, the construction of Tim Hortons Field came in just
under budget at $144,157,264, which includes $5 million in payments withheld
from the builders over "construction issues." The projected budget had been
slightly over $145.6 million

The city's Pan Am Initiatives, which ran the cultural events outside the
stadium, carried operating expenses of roughly $1.88 million from 2012 through
2015, with two-thirds of that total going to salaries.

The city spent another $600,000 on its "Hamilton Kicks It Up Showcase" with
government grants kicking in an extra $82,500.

While attendance at the soccer games - 225,000 over 16 days - doesn't seem
overwhelmingly high for an international event, it set a Pan Am soccer record,
represented two-thirds of the tickets available and was four per cent above
TO2015's original projections.

About 70 per cent of the soccer spectators making contact with Tourism Hamilton
at its booth in the stadium were from outside of Hamilton. The 1,044 visits to
Tourism Hamilton's downtown office during the two weeks of the Games represented
an increase of 25 per cent over the same period last year.

More precise details of the Pan Am Games' financial effect on the city won't be
available until the first quarter of 2016 when the Canadian Sport Tourism
Alliance releases its economic impact analysis.

Overall, and despite the "challenges" involved in working with a Games head
office an hour's drive away, Secore's report takes a positive tone with emphasis
on the strong legacies the Pan Ams leave the city.

Leading the list of legacies are, of course, Tim Hortons Field and the
improvements to the stadium precinct.

Legacy programs that sprung out of the stadium and/or the Games include
"Grassroots Soccer" for kids at risk, the Healthy Kids Initiative, which helps
local youth make lifestyle choices promoting awareness and sport; Parasport
introductory programs; and the Hamilton District Soccer Association's move
toward introduce para-soccer.

The report also implies that hosting the Pan Ams soccer here created a hard
deadline for completing the West Harbour GO Station, which was opened just in
time for the Games.

And because so many Hamiltonians volunteered for either TO2015 or the local
organizing body, there is now a much broader and better-trained base of
volunteers for future events. The new skills the volunteers acquired should also
help the local economy, the report suggests.

The Pan Am Games final report will be presented to city council's general issues
committee Wednesday.

smilton@thespec.com

905-526-3268 | @miltonatthespec

Report highlights

3,141 people from Hamilton/Burlington/Oakville applied to TO2015 to be a Pan Am
Games volunteer, the most of any region and 220 per cent of the target number.

131,000 people attended events included in "Hamilton Kicks It Up" cultural
celebrations.

More than 50,000 residents participated in "All Things Pan Am," the program that
funded small neighbourhood events surrounding the Games.

The city's transportation planning team said the city "operated well through
Games-time" with no serious traffic congestion.

10,000 people attended the two-day closing event hosted by Supercrawl
Productions at Pier 4 Park.

250 Hamilton Police Services members worked full time on the Games.

HSR scheduled 1,120 hours of increased service over the 16 days of the Games.

Tourism Hamilton's "familiarization tours" during the Games resulted in securing
seven new provincial and national events for the city, carrying an economic
impact of $1.8 million.

Hotel occupancy was up 9.5 per cent overall over the same period last year, with
all hotel rooms in the city sold out for the final Games weekend.

A stronger connection between the city and First Nations in the area was forged
through participation in Games activities.

Source: City of Hamilton

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            May 21, 2003, Wednesday

GWYNEDD WELCOMES THE BEST OF THE PUBLIC AND PRIVATE WORLDS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 643 words


LARGE sums of money are obviously being drawn into the Objective 1 programme in
Gwynedd from both private and public sector sources.

Gwynedd Economic Partnership has to date secured approval for 35 Objective 1
projects worth in total more than pounds 34m and attracting more than pounds
12min European grants.

It says the best way to assess the success of the programme in the county is to
consider the economic impact that projects are having.

As might be expected, there has been a strong focus on small business.

Under the first phase of the Gwynedd Business Development Grant scheme, 79 new
SMEs and 163 existing SMEs received financial assistance and 293 jobs were
created.

A second pounds 1.4mphase to the business development grant scheme is being set
up to build on this success.

It will aim to increase the competitiveness of the SME sector in
Gwynedd,offering financial assistance to 63 SMEs in high value sectors of the
local economy,creating 200 new jobs and safeguarding a further 256.

Farming has always been a vital part of Gwynedd's economy and a pounds
2.6magri-innovationinitiative, which has secured an EU grant of pounds 1.24m,
will aim to create and embed a culture of innovation within SMEs in the
agricultural sector in Gwynedd as a means of ensuring the economic viability of
rural areas.

Another recently- approved project will see the appointment of a development
officer to work on inshore fisheries projects that will add value to primary sea
produce and help with branding and marketing.

Two other important projects that have been approved recently, that will
encourage the regeneration of peripheral and deprived communities in Gwynedd,are
the Gwynedd Key Fund and the Gwynedd Community Key Fund.

The main aim of the first is to support community- led initiatives which
contribute to social and economic developments. The pounds 870,000 Key Fund will
provide up to 100pc grants to schemes that will be developed and managed by the
communities themselves. This project aims to engage 46 community organisations,
support 30 community- led projects and support eight community owned assets.

The pounds 241,000 Gwynedd Community Key Fund,on the other hand, will assist
voluntary and community groups to develop new capacity building projects that
will promote the involvement of local people in the regeneration of their local
communities.

It is hoped that by the end of the project 67 community development initiatives
will have received support and 50 community initiatives will be still active
after two years.

The Objective 1 programme in Gwynedd continues apace.

During the last six months a further 13 projects have been approved by the Welsh
European Funding Office,drawing down almost pounds 5m of European aid and pounds
12mof total funding.

In addition to the projects that have already received WEFO approval, the reare
currently 13 projects to the value of pounds 36.1m with WEFO for consideration
and a further 16 projects to the value of pounds 29mhave been endorsed by the
Gwynedd Economic Partnership and are currently putting their bids together.

Projects submitted to WEFO include a marine centre of excellence in
Pwllheli,North West Wales management development centre in Bangor and the
Snowdonia land management project.

Partnership chairman Dewi Lewis said: "We are now entering the second half of
the programme. "I hope that the enthusiasm we have seen in the past will remain
and that we will continue to see strong and strategic projects being developed
in Gwynedd."

Regional projects under Objective 1 are also playing an important role and a
wide range of projects has been developed through intermediary organisations'
such as Wales Tourist Board, Finance Wales,Welsh Development Agency,local
authorities,colleges, universities andothers.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Economic Partnership chairman, Dewi Lewis,and I wan Trefor Jones,of
Gwynedd council, search for information on the new PEG website

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2003 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Southwest Pennsylvania Animal Shelter

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $ 1.5 million Economic
Growth Initiative Grant to Animal Friends, a southwest Pennsylvania animal
shelter, to assist in the construction of a new Animal Wellness Center.

"This construction of this new center will help Animal Friends in its mission to
shelter, care for and find permanent homes for animals in southwest
Pennsylvania," said Gov. Corbett. "But its mission does not end there.  Animal
Friends is committed to educating the public on responsible pet ownership and
providing the resources many pet owners need."

This new 17,500 sq. ft. animal wellness facility, designed by IKM Incorporated
of Pittsburgh and conveniently located near several major interstate exchanges
including 1-279 and 1-79 as well as Route 19 and Route 65, will complement the
organization's 70-year commitment to provide education, adoption, and other
supportive services to the Southwestern PA region.

The completed Animal Wellness Center will support Animal Friends in meeting the
urgent and growing human-animal needs of a multi-county area, proactively
address pet overpopulation and the resulting community costs, and provide
critical services to underserved populations.

"Pet overpopulation and the lack of accessible pet-related services is taking a
financial and emotional toll on the communities and residents of Southwestern
PA," said Animal Friends' President & CEO David Swisher.  "Our new Animal
Wellness Center, made possible in part by the Economic Growth Initiative Grant,
will provide cost-effective options for pet owners struggling to care for their
pets, help us significantly and compassionately reduce the number of unwanted
pets flooding area shelters, and expand our ability to meet the ever-growing
demands for our supportive services within our region."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant
for New Pittsburgh Playhouse

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative (EGI) Grant to support the construction of the new Point Park
University Pittsburgh Playhouse in downtown Pittsburgh.

"Today we announce an investment which will continue in making the city of
Pittsburgh a premier destination for visitors from around the world." said Gov.
Corbett. "Energizing the arts community of this great city is always a smart
investment."

The EGI grant from the commonwealth will support the relocation of the
Pittsburgh Playhouse from an isolated site in Oakland to the arterial Forbes
Avenue corridor in Downtown Pittsburgh. This $10 million project will include
site acquisition, deconstruction, and preparatory work for the
92,000-square-foot parcel the new Playhouse will be built upon.

When all phases of this project are completed, the project will add $74 million
in economic output as well as create 600 total jobs from construction and
operations in the first five years of the project.

"The new Pittsburgh Playhouse will provide our students and faculty with the
academic facilities that a program of our caliber deserves," said Paul Hennigan,
president of Point Park University. "It will also contribute significantly to
Point Park's growing campus in Downtown Pittsburgh."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, Governor's Press Office, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             June 13, 2009 Saturday

Trail Town Program aims to link businesses with hikers, bikers

BYLINE: Mary Pickels

LENGTH: 404 words


Hikers and bikers crossing the Great Allegheny Passage into Maryland soon may
find trail town business owners offering to ship their wares, or shopkeepers
installing bike rack "welcome mats."

Those were among several suggestions Trail Town Program director Cathy McCollom
mentioned Thursday as she discussed the program's recent expansion into the
communities of Cumberland, Frostburg and Oldtown. The project is being funded
through a two-year, $100,000 Appalachian Regional Commission matching grant.

"That's almost always our first step," McCollom said, "making that connection
between the community and the trail user."

The expansion involves two staffers who will divide their time between the
Maryland planning department and the Trail Town Program.

An economic development initiative in communities bordering the rail trail, the
Trail Town Program works with communities to better connect to the trail and
capitalize on the trail user market.

An economic impact study conducted in 2007 determined the Great Allegheny
Passage generated $12 million in revenue and $3 million in wages for trail
towns.

The program is an initiative of The Progress Fund, a nonprofit that provides
loans and technical assistance to small businesses related to tourism.

"We try to find businesses to fit gaps," McCollom said.

For instance, most communities have an available property that could be
converted into a bed and breakfast or a hostel, she said.

The focus is on capitalizing on what exists, rather than creating a lot of new
businesses.

"We want to make you, as the trail user, more familiar with those communities
and what is available there," she said. "These are very vibrant, welcoming
communities. We will continue to build on that."

Needs assessments performed in Cumberland and Frostburg led to creation of a
sign committee. An electronic business directory/visitor kiosk opened at the
trail access area in Frostburg in May. A future marketing plan is expected to
challenge trail users to "conquer the hill" into Frostburg.

The addition of Oldtown is the Trail Town Program's first foray beyond the Great
Allegheny Passage. Oldtown borders the C&O Canal Towpath, which joins the Great
Allegheny Passage in Cumberland and offers a continuous trail experience to
Washington.

McCollom said steps are being taken to accommodate other communities bordering
the Canal Towpath that have expressed interest in the Trail Town Program.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            November 27, 2015 Friday

City wins overall after Pan Am Games: report

BYLINE: smilton@thespec.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1006 words


One part of the Pan Am Games ran so smoothly it had a negative impact on another
local portion of the Games.

That mild irony is among the observations in the Games post-mortem, which was
released Friday morning.

The 59-page debriefing prepared by Coralee Secore, the city's manager of Pan Am
Initiatives, recaps the details, strengths, shortcomings and legacies of last
summer's massive athletic and cultural festival, which encompassed 15 southern
Ontario communities, including Hamilton.

Among the "challenges" the Pan Am Initiatives committee faced was a
transportation system that was "very efficient in getting spectators to and from
the stadium" but actually limited participation in local cultural activities
celebrating the Games.

All 32 games of the Pan Am soccer tournament were played here and buses that
went directly to the stadium from the West Harbour Go Station and two regional
parking lots didn't allow those spectators the time or opportunity to find their
way to Gore Park, Ottawa Street and other lower-city locations where food,
entertainment and activities related to the Games were being offered. Parking
lots for the shuttles were also located far from where cultural events were
held.

The report suggests that there needed to be better recognition by TO2015, the
Toronto-based organizers of the Pan Ams, of local cultural planning.

It also said that broadcast dates and times of the actual sporting events needed
to be released much earlier in the planning process, as did the "rules of
engagement" that TO2015 applied to local cultural activities.

"Hamilton Kicks It Up," the Pan Am Initiatives cultural festival, was
financially limited by TO2015's sponsorship agreement, the report says. Because
so many potential sponsors were already with TO2015, which kept the revenues, or
fell into a "sponsorship protected" category there were fewer funding
opportunities for Hamilton Kicks It Up and its local partners. Ignite
Designation funding provided by the province did not make up the financial
shortfall.

Since the 2015 Pan Ams were a one-off in Hamilton and southern Ontario, any
suggestions for improvement would have to be applied to future international
events, such as an Olympics or Commonwealth Games bid.

According to the report, the year-overdue construction of Tim Hortons Field came
in just under budget at $144,157,264, which includes $5 million in payments
withheld from the builders over "construction issues." The projected budget had
been slightly over $145.6 million

The city's Pan Am Initiatives, which ran the cultural events outside the
stadium, carried operating expenses of roughly $1.88 million from 2012 through
2015, with two-thirds of that total going to salaries.

The city spent another $600,000 on its "Hamilton Kicks It Up Showcase" with
federal and provincial grants kicking in an extra $82,500.

While attendance at the soccer games - 225,000 over 16 days - doesn't seem
overwhelmingly high for an international event, it set a Pan Am soccer record,
represented two-thirds of the tickets available and was four per cent above
TO2015's original projections.

About 70 per cent of the soccer spectators making contact with Tourism Hamilton
at its booth in the stadium were from outside of Hamilton. The 1,044 visits to
Tourism Hamilton's downtown office during the two weeks of the Games represented
an increase of 25 per cent over the same period last year.

More precise details of the Pan Am Games' financial effect on the city won't be
available until the first quarter of 2016 when the Canadian Sport Tourism
Alliance releases its economic impact analysis.

Overall, and despite the "challenges" involved in working with a Games head
office an hour's drive away, Secore's report takes a positive tone with emphasis
on the strong legacies the Pan Ams leave the city.

Leading the list of legacies are, of course, Tim Hortons Field and the
improvements to the stadium precinct.

Legacy programs that sprung out of the stadium and/or the Games include
"Grassroots Soccer" for kids at risk, the Healthy Kids Initiative, which helps
local youth make lifestyle choices promoting awareness and sport; Parasport
introductory programs; and the Hamilton District Soccer Association's move
toward introduce para-soccer.

The report also implies that hosting the Pan Ams soccer here created a hard
deadline for completing the West Harbour GO Station, which was opened just in
time for the Games.

And because so many Hamiltonians volunteered for either TO2015 or the local
organizing body, there is now a much broader and better-trained base of
volunteers for future events. The new skills the volunteers acquired should also
help the local economy, the report suggests.

The Pan Am Games final report will be presented to city council's general issues
committee Wednesday.

Factbox:

Report highlights

3,141 people from Hamilton/Burlington/Oakville applied to TO2015 to be a Pan Am
Games volunteer, the most of any region and 220 per cent of the target number.

131,000 people attended events included in "Hamilton Kicks It Up" cultural
celebrations.

More than 50,000 residents participated in "All Things Pan Am," the program that
funded small neighbourhood events surrounding the Games.

The city's transportation planning team said the city "operated well through
Games-time" with no serious traffic congestion.

10,000 people attended the two-day closing event hosted by Supercrawl
Productions at Pier 4 Park.

250 Hamilton Police Services members worked full time on the Games.

HSR scheduled 1,120 hours of increased service over the 16 days of the Games.

Tourism Hamilton's "familiarization tours" during the Games resulted in securing
seven new provincial and national events for the city, carrying an economic
impact of $1.8 million.

Hotel occupancy was up 9.5 per cent overall over the same period last year, with
all hotel rooms in the city sold out for the final Games weekend.

A stronger connection between the city and First Nations in the area was forged
through participation in Games activities.

Source: City of Hamilton

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Ashbourne News Telegraph

                                 March 1, 2006

Council tax up 4.6% as Brown pulls plug

BYLINE: LIZ MOLLOY

LENGTH: 623 words


DALES residents face an overall increase of 4.63 per cent in their council tax
for 2006-07.

This figure includes the county and district councils portions, the police and
fire and rescue services and also the town or parish council precepts. The
district council portion of the council tax sees a 4.95 per cent increase, which
was announced on Monday and which will be debated at the full meeting of the
district council in Matlock tomorrow night. Announcing the Dales budget at
Monday's press conference, council leader Councillor Lewis Rose said this was
the fourth consecutive year in which the district council had received the
poorest government grant settlement in the whole of Derbyshire. And this had
resulted in yet another year of having to make savings rather than cut services.

"Over the last three years we have lost £1.9 million compared with the average
district council in Derbyshire and this is a considerable sum of money for a
small district council like ours," said Coun Rose. The budget for 2006-07 has
meant that the district council has had to make savings of £350,000 and an extra
£340,000 will be raised through increased fees and charges. In order to present
a balanced budget for the Dales, the district council increase has been set at
4.95 per cent, resulting in an overall increase for council taxpayers of 4.63
per cent. Coun Rose pointed out that the district portion of the increase
represented less than 15p per week and in real terms amounted to a reduction of
2.3 per cent. "This has been a very hard budget for the fourth year running.
These are the facts and we do blame the government for our very poor treatment,"
said Coun Rose. But it is not all bad news as the district council is
maintaining its significant capital programme of £26.5 million over five years
until 2010. This year, the capital investment will amount to £4.7 million and
will include: £1.4 million for housing initiatives, including renovation grants,
disabled facility grants, new homelessness units, social housing grants and the
Empty Homes Initiative; £390,000 for flood alleviation schemes -- including one
at Longford; £50,000 for an economic impact study in Ashbourne; £100,000 for
improvements to burial grounds; £130,000 to improve the delivery and
accessibility of services; £200,000 for improvements to major playgrounds;
£120,000 for improvements to car parks; £125,000 for planning conservation and
other grants. This capital investment was announced by deputy leader Coun Geoff
Stevens, who also said that £31,000 was to be spent on a crime reduction
initiative throughout the district. "We are determined to go forward, despite
all the setbacks we have had," he said. There is also another glimmer of light
for the district council. Chief executive David Wheatcroft explained that the
Government usually let councils know of their following year's settlements in
November or December. But this has since been altered to include future years
and the Dales council already knew what the financial situation would be in
2007-08 and could begin to work towards the budget for next year. "This is quite
an advantage and it does mean that we can now plan and start to look ahead,"
said Mr Wheatcroft. Although the Dales covers one-third of Derbyshire, it still
has only 69,600 residents and Mr Wheatcroft said the two major priorities put
forward by local residents, were housing and leisure facilities for young
people. He added that the district council put great store by listening to the
views of local residents at the public forums held throughout the district. Coun
Rose appealed to the Dales public to join the council in voicing their
disappointment at the government settlement for the fourth consecutive year.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                    Copyright 2006 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Lt. Governor Cawley Announces $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative Grant for Drexel University's Innovation Neighborhood Development
Project

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Lt. Governor Jim Cawley today announced a $5 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in the development of Drexel University's Innovation
Neighborhood Development Project.

"Today we make an investment in the future of Drexel University," said Lt. Gov.
Cawley. "We are ensuring that this great higher education institution will
continue to effectively educate the next generation of doctors, researchers, and
scientists."

The Innovation Neighborhood Development Project, as envisioned by Drexel
University, will utilize 12-plus acres of underdeveloped land to create a
gateway to University City and Drexel's campus at Philadelphia's 30th Street
Station.

The Innovation Neighborhood[TM] will house technology partnerships, industrial
joint ventures, interdisciplinary academic and research programs, business
incubators and more. Offices and laboratories, classroom space and residential
and retail property will develop in tandem to create a dense, mixed-use
neighborhood. It is the centerpiece of Drexel University's strategic focus on
research, technology transfer and economic development

The total investment triggered by this $5 million grant will be in the excess of
$36 million. It includes the renovation of a building on 3101 Market Street that
will house Drexel's new Institute for Energy and the Environment, a
multi-disciplinary institute that will bring together public and private sectors
with Drexel faculty and students to address science and policy issues.

"Innovation Neighborhood is a vision built on the synergy between the research
and teaching Drexel does and the technology and talent needs of Pennsylvania,"
said Drexel President John A. Fry. "With this grant and Drexel's matching
investment we can begin projects that show future partners what the Innovation
Neighborhood will become."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Lt. Governor Cawley Announces $5 million Economic Growth
Initiative Grant for Drexel University's Innovation Neighborhood Development
Project

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Lt. Governor Jim Cawley today announced a $5 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) Grant to assist in the development of Drexel University's Innovation
Neighborhood Development Project.

"Today we make an investment in the future of Drexel University," said Lt. Gov.
Cawley. "We are ensuring that this great higher education institution will
continue to effectively educate the next generation of doctors, researchers, and
scientists."

The Innovation Neighborhood Development Project, as envisioned by Drexel
University, will utilize 12-plus acres of underdeveloped land to create a
gateway to University City and Drexel's campus at Philadelphia's 30th Street
Station.

The Innovation Neighborhood[TM] will house technology partnerships, industrial
joint ventures, interdisciplinary academic and research programs, business
incubators and more. Offices and laboratories, classroom space and residential
and retail property will develop in tandem to create a dense, mixed-use
neighborhood. It is the centerpiece of Drexel University's strategic focus on
research, technology transfer and economic development

The total investment triggered by this $5 million grant will be in the excess of
$36 million. It includes the renovation of a building on 3101 Market Street that
will house Drexel's new Institute for Energy and the Environment, a
multi-disciplinary institute that will bring together public and private sectors
with Drexel faculty and students to address science and policy issues.

"Innovation Neighborhood is a vision built on the synergy between the research
and teaching Drexel does and the technology and talent needs of Pennsylvania,"
said Drexel President John A. Fry. "With this grant and Drexel's matching
investment we can begin projects that show future partners what the Innovation
Neighborhood will become."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 11, 2013 Wednesday

New York: Bellone Calls for Applications - Destination Downtown & Community Arts
Re-grant

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: Albany


Suffolk County Government, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

The Suffolk County Department of Economic Development & Planning has put out a
call for applications for projects that seek to support the arts, cultural
affairs and downtown community development. Applications for both programs are
due by February 7, 2014.

Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone said, "The arts are a wonderful mechanism
to bring communities together. We will continue to build stronger downtown
neighborhoods with our continued support of local artists and the creative
development of public spaces."

The program is a new initiative known as Destination Downtown. In this program,
a total of $50,000 will be made available through two separate $25,000 grants.
The application process is open to Arts Councils in Suffolk County that have
tax-exempt 501(c)3 status.

Applications will be evaluated on their ability to:

o        Improve downtown quality of life

o        Foster stronger community involvement and identifies a sense of place

o        Encourage cultural tourism and economic development downtown

o        Strengthen the arts community and encourage future private-public
partnerships

o        Expand overall access to the arts across income levels

The second initiative, known as the Community Arts Re-grant program, has
$223,066 to administer grants to fund small community groups, film programs and
artist collectives. In this fund tax-exempt arts organizations and collectives
in Suffolk County can apply for a grant between $1,000-$5,000.

Examples of previously funded projects include:

o        $2,500 to the Railroad Museum of Long Island to fund performances of
the Eastbound Freight Bluegrass Band during the two-day Riverhead Railroad
Festival.

o        $1,500 to Northeast Stage for a production of "Julius Caesar" in
Mitchell Park, Greenport.

o        $1,000 to The Silver Chords for two series of choral concerts at Kings
Park H.S. Islip H.S.

All applications will be reviewed by the Citizens Arts Advisory Board. Funding
recommendations are then passed along to the Suffolk County Legislature for
approval. Funding for both programs is provided by Fund 192, commonly referred
to as the Hotel/Motel Tax.

"Cultural events and the performing arts have an amazing economic impact on our
local downtown businesses. They build a sense of community and they encourage
our residents to visit our fine local shops and world-class restaurants," added
Deputy County Executive and Commissioner of Economic Development & Planning
Joanne Minieri.

For further information please visit: http://www.suffolkcountyny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Finance and Commerce's Progress Minnesota: Enterprise Minnesota

BYLINE: Dan Heilman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 379  words


West-central Minnesota is home to a large number of manufacturers, machinists
and other similar businesses, but their locations in relatively remote areas
have meant that top-notch training hasn't always been available to workers.

That has changed, thanks to the Fergus Falls-based West Central Initiative,
which has partnered with Enterprise Minnesota on the Workforce 2020 training
program.

Forming the bridge between the West Central Initiative and Enterprise Minnesota
are Bill Martinson and Rick Kvasager, who work for the latter organization as
business service specialists and growth advisers. They help coordinate
one-on-one assistance to help businesses identify technologies and tools that
can be used to help their productivity -- and ideally, their profits.

"This area of the state has become a proving ground for new training
technologies," Kvasager says. "West Central Initiative has made the application
process for getting help much more user-friendly for businesses. "

When a business decides to implement a new technology, Kvasager and Martinson
help determine worker training needs and find qualified trainers. They also can
help the business owners write a grant application to the West Central
Initiative. The two also help to prepare a follow-up report to track the effects
of the training.

Since 1992, thanks to the efforts of Workforce 2020 and Enterprise Minnesota
specialists such as Kvasager and Martinson, more than 9,000 workers in
west-central Minnesota have received training. According to a 2006 study,
companies participating in the training programs had less than half the turnover
rate of those that didn't.

"When we started doing this, the money for training was available, but there
weren't people who were able to get out of town and help companies all around
our region," Martinson says. "The West Central Initiative is unique in that it's
been able to leverage funding in an efficient way that helps a variety of
businesses. "

Mission: working with manufacturers to help them become operationally efficient

Location: based in Minneapolis

Founded: 1987

CEO: Bob Kill

Employees: 26

Economic impact: Enterprise Minnesota's training work with the West Central
Initiative has trained more than 9,000 workers since 1992.

Website: www.enterpriseminnesota.org

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 12, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

State biotech industry needs, deserves support

BYLINE: MIKE CASSIDY, DAVID LEE; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: @ISSUE; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 692 words


Much to our disappointment, the University of Georgia will not become home to
the National Bio- and Agro-Defense Facility (NBAF), where more than 300
scientists and other employees will study animal diseases to protect the U.S.
from terrorist attacks. Had UGA won the bid for the facility, recently awarded a
consortium near Kansas State University, the Athens --- and Georgia ---
economies would have enjoyed a needed boost.

Despite this setback, there is still good news. Our research institutions
continue to play a dynamic and important role in establishing our state as a
national leader in biotechnology. And, while most Georgians enjoy watching our
institutions compete on the playing field, our universities collaborate
effectively and often off the field, tackling tomorrow's complex problems as a
team. So effectively, that BIO, the annual biotechnology industry convention in
May, will be hosted by Atlanta.

Our research universities' complementary strengths have helped create more than
150 high-tech and biomedical companies and over 5,500 jobs in Georgia. As the
financial crisis continues, it is important that we continue to build on this
asset so that our research and biotechnology industries can cushion our economy
in the face of a recession and position our state for a fast recovery as the
economy improves. A state must maintain an infrastructure for scientific
discovery --- just as we maintain our highways and ports to keep other commerce
growing.

A recent Families USA report ranked Georgia among the top-10 states for the
economic impact of research grants from the National Institutes of Health (NIH).
Every $1 from the NIH stimulates $2.36 of additional business activity. The
Georgia Research Alliance has offered millions in matching grants to attract NIH
dollars. The result: NIH grants totaling more than $374 million in fiscal year
2006 (the most recent data), spurring over $850 million in economic activity.
Collaboration is the key to this multiplier effect.

For example, GRA recently provided $3 million to Georgia Tech, Emory University
and the Medical College of Georgia, supplementing $10 million from NIH, to
establish a nanomedicine center. Another promising partnership between the
Medical College of Georgia and Georgia Tech, also supported by GRA, seeks new
ways to grow bone, cartilage, muscle, teeth and skin to treat facial deformities
caused by cancer, trauma and congenital defects.

With $25 million from NIH, the Georgia Research Alliance and the Department of
Defense, Clark Atlanta has established a prostate cancer research center that
collaborates with Georgia Tech, Georgia State, the University of Georgia and
MCG. Last year, a $31 million NIH grant went jointly to Emory, Georgia Tech, the
Morehouse School of Medicine and Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, which
increasingly partners with the state's research universities. They will work to
translate laboratory discoveries into treatments for patients while stimulating
$73 million in economic activity.

The value of these collaborations isn't limited to local economic impact,
however. For example, UGA and Georgia Tech are collaborating on the U.S.
Department of Energy's Office of Science's most important initiative in recent
times: to increase the efficiency of biofuels production, a national priority.
Our two universities are leaders in the resulting $135 million
multi-institutional bioenergy science center. These collaborations bring tens of
millions of dollars to Georgia, and this money fuels cutting-edge research on
public health and other critical issues facing our society even as it
invigorates our economy. Although our teamwork is evident, Georgia faces stiff
competition, not just from other states --- as demonstrated by the bidding
process for the bio defense lab --- but also from Europe and emerging centers in
Asia. Georgia must continue to support multidisciplinary and public-private
collaborations to create tomorrow's jobs and solve today's complex health
problems.

* Mike Cassidy (left) is president of the Georgia Research Alliance in Atlanta.
David Lee is vice president for research at the University of Georgia.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: * David Lee is vice president for research at the University of
Georgia./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: * Mike Cassidy is president of the Georgia Research Alliance in
Atlanta./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              West Virginia Record

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

POWER initiative grants aim to revitalize coal-mining areas

BYLINE: Andrew Burger

LENGTH: 607 words


CHARLESTON - Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin joined representatives from the federally
funded Appalachian Regional Commission and U.S. Department of Commerce's
Economic Development Administration in announcing $10 million in funding for
nine projects aimed at revitalizing West Virginia communities suffering from the
economic impacts of the coal industry downturn.

The federal funds come in the form of POWER Initiative grants, part of President
Barack Obama's Power Plus program, a public-private partnership. Congress
allocated program funding in December as part of the fiscal year 2016 federal
budget negotiations.

With funding in hand, ARC put out an open call for project proposals totaling as
much as $68.8 million in March. Twenty-four matched up well with the ARC and
USEDA criteria, ARC spokeswoman Wendy Wasserman told The West Virginia Record.

Â¨We made $68.8 million available to fund economic development projects in
coal-impacted communities in order to make them stronger and more sustainable,Â¨
she said. Â¨The criteria were very specific - the projects should be part of a
greater strategy with regional impact. Besides that, they focus on entrepreneurs
and building business clusters, especially building out broadband infrastructure
and services, which is an important component of economic development strategies
and creating a competitive workforce.Â¨

In total, ARC works across the Appalachian region - 420 counties stretching from
northern Mississippi to southern New York. West Virginia won more POWER
Initiative awards than any other state, Wasserman noted.

The $9.98 million in POWER Initiative grants will fund a variety of projects in
coal-impacted communities throughout the state, including tourism development,
training in entrepreneurship and a Coalfield Development Corp. project that will
help West Virginians in coal-impacted communities find employment in
agriculture, construction and energy, Wasswerman explained.

Eight of the nine are Â¨shovel-readyÂ¨ projects ready to be implemented. In
addition, ARC awarded a $200,000 planning grant to conduct a feasibility study
for Tomblin's plan to repurpose the closed Hobet mountaintop coal mine site.

Operating for 40 years, Hobet provided steady employment for generations of West
Virginians but wound up being shuttered following years of changing ownership,
cuts in jobs and benefits and finally, the national drive to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions and environmental pollution. Once heavily forested, the
mountaintop site is now bare, not producing coal and owned by a conservation
group. Toxic runoff is diverted away from the Ohio River and the site will
require extensive cleanup and restoration work, according to officials.

"With the downturn in the coal industry, we in the state and federal governments
owe it to those who have lost jobs through no fault of their own to do
everything possible to create new economic growth," Tomblin stated.

"These POWER grants represent a positive step toward that goal," he added. "The
projects being funded envision a West Virginia where promising new job
opportunities are a reality. I am especially proud that the Hobet project is
being supported as we continue planning for the best ways turn that site into an
economic engine for southern West Virginia."

Following on the ARC-USEDA POWER Initiative awards, the White House on Aug. 24
announced another $38.8 million in funding for 29 economic and workforce
development projects across the 13 states in which ARC and USEDA are working to
stimulate socioeconomic development and offset the impacts of declining use of
coal and changes in electricity generation and power markets.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 WestVirginiaRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             April 3, 2016, Sunday

Critical from day one;
RCBI helping grow businesses in W.Va.

BYLINE: Andrew Brown, Staff writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 1250 words


MarTek Limited, a company based in Big Chimney, started with a simple idea.

What if workplace accidents could be avoided by creating a remote-controlled
product that allowed people to operate industrial electrical equipment without
being next to the high-voltage breakers and control switches?

After years of working for what is now Dow Chemical as a maintenance electrician
and electrical engineer, Charlie McClung decided to find out whether he could
create his own business by banking on his knowledge of industrial electrical
systems and his own creativity.

He recognized the demand that could exist for a technology that allows companies
to more safely maintain the large electrical breakers that exist in
manufacturing facilities, data centers and other industrial sites throughout the
country.

But as he started to develop the technology that he believed could lead to a
successful business, McClung ran into some snags. He didn't have any experience
in cutting and fabricating the parts required to build his patents.

The designs were on paper, but he needed to find a way to actually build the
first prototypes that he would need to market his ideas.

That's where the Robert C. Byrd Institute for Advanced Flexible Manufacturing
came into play.

With the help of the staff at RCBI's South Charleston location, McClung learned
to use equipment like the center's water-jet cutting tool to produce the
aluminum parts needed for the first 10 prototypes that he made.

The staff at the center walked him step by step through the process, from
uploading his designs into the machining software to operating the water jet
himself. The center even helped him obtain early stage funding grants to offset
the rental costs for the equipment.

Fast forward more than a decade and MarTek now has more than 20 different
electrical safety equipment products and is set to unveil another later this
summer. The business now has a long list of customers throughout the United
States and Canada, including numerous Fortune 500 companies, that allows MarTek
to support seven employees, including McClung's close friend, Russ Safreed, who
joined the company as a co-owner in 2010.

McClung said none of that would have been possible without the company's
partnership with RCBI.

"The Byrd Center from day one was critical to the business and being able to
grow, said McClung, as he reflected on the early years of his business. "It gave
us access to equipment that we never would have been able to purchase to
startup.

MarTek isn't alone, however, in benefiting from the research, design,
manufacturing and financial assistance that RCBI offers.

According to a recent economic impact study conducted by the Marshall University
College of Business, RCBI has helped generate $66 million in sales for state
manufacturers and created 318 jobs between 2012 and 2015 with its early stage
funding initiatives.

With facilities in Huntington, South Charleston and Bridgeport, the intention of
RCBI is to help entrepreneurs and manufacturing startups to "bridge the gap
between concept and creation to assist the economy in West Virginia.

Companies can rent various computer-controlled machining tools for $20 to $75
per hour depending on which machine is used, and can pay to utilize plastic and
metal 3-D printers. In many cases, the cost of that work can be offset by up to
$10,000 in funding available through the U.S. Economic Development
Administration.

According to the study, there is some evidence that the public funding
initiatives for research and design assistance at RCBI are working.

In their findings, the researchers at Marshall estimate that for each dollar
RCBI spends in early stage funding, the state experiences $435 in increased
production and $74 in earnings. They predict that one new job is created for
every $665 spent on these initiatives at the three centers.

"This clearly demonstrates that when we provide West Virginians access to
technology and technical expertise to develop their ideas, they can have a
significant impact on our state's economy, Charlotte Weber, RCBI's director,
stated in a press release about the economic impact study. "Innovators simply
need the tools to help them succeed.

NGInnovations is another company that has taken full advantage of those tools.

The Cross Lanes-based research and development company has extensive experience
designing and engineering products and processes that are used in a variety of
industries including mine safety, the oil and gas industry and waste water
treatment.

According to Don Booth, the company's president, much of that work has benefited
from the technology and capability of the RCBI center in South Charleston.

In the past two years, the company helped create a mobile mine rescue chamber
that is capable of protecting trapped miners during an emergency and supplying
them with enough oxygen, food and water to last 14 days.

But to market the product, they needed a realistic model of the self-propelled
rescue chamber, which is longer than most pickup trucks and can navigate the
corridors of an underground mine.

So they turned to the 3-D printers at RCBI. By scanning in the rescue chamber's
dimension, the staff at RCBI was able to print a miniature version out of
plastic.

As Booth explains, it's much easier to transport a plastic model to trade shows
and conferences than the full-sized machine.

The company has been so pleased with that work that it has recently sought to
have RCBI help it create a full replica of an industrial plant that would treat
oil and gas wastewater to remove heavy metals, chemicals, chlorides and other
solids from the water.

Booth said it is one of the first steps needed to commercialize NGInnovations
research and patents and transform the company's ideas into reality.

"I have been really pleased with their work, Booth said. "I think they provide a
great service to the community.

In McClung's case, RCBI's influence on his business has continued long after
MarTek could no longer be considered a startup.

The company, McClung said, has grown to the point where it has been able to buy
some of its own computerized machining tools and some small 3-D printers, but it
still turns to RCBI when it can't handle a job in house.

"There is still equipment that we can't afford to buy, he said.

McClung hasn't worked in other states, but he said West Virginia businesses
should consider themselves lucky that they have the resources of RCBI at their
fingertips.

"I know that every state has its own business development arm, McClung said.
"But I am not aware of another state that has a business incubator like the Byrd
Center."

Sam Owens / Gazette-Mail photos

Russ Safreed and Charlie McClung, co-owners of MarTek Limited, at their facility
in big Chimney. MarTek Limited produces remote control switches and machinery
that allows workers at industrial sites to turn on and shut off industrial
electrical equipment safely. Their company has benefited from being able to rent
computerized machining equipment and 3-d printers from the robert C. byrd
institute for Advanced Manufacturing to make their products.

One of MarTek Limited's products is a portable, easy-to-use device that is
designed to remotely operate a variety of circuit breaker control switches and
circuit breakers.

Parts made while renting equipment from Robert C. Byrd Institute for Advanced
Manufacturing are used at MarTek Limited to build products for sale.

Reach Andrew Brown at andrew.brown@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-4814 or follow
@Andy_Ed_Brown on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             July 25, 2006 Tuesday

Dime to help 10 dreams come true

BYLINE: Anthony Cronin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


Jul. 25--NORWICH -- The Dime Bank has received a $100,000 grant from the Federal
Home Loan Bank of Boston and has earmarked the funds for affordable housing
across the region.

The Norwich-based mutual savings bank said the grant is part of the federal
agency's Equity Builder Program. Through the program, the bank will provide ten
$10,000 grants to first-time home buyers who seek a mortgage through the local
bank and meet income-eligibility requirements.

The Federal Home Loan Bank is cooperatively owned by more than 470 New England
financial institutions and provides access to credit and funding for member
banks and financial institutions. It does not make consumer-related loans.

Dime Bank officials said the funds will be distributed on a first-come,
first-served basis for those meeting the requirements. Applicants must have
incomes that are less than 80 percent of the area's median income to qualify for
the program.

For a single person, for instance, his or her income could not exceed $41,700 in
the Norwich or New London areas or $41,000 in the Westerly or Hopkinton areas of
Rhode Island. The Dime has a branch in Westerly in addition to its branches in
southeastern Connecticut.

Dime Bank officials have more information about all the income-eligibility
requirements for the program, according to James P. Cronin, the bank's chief
executive and president. Cronin has led efforts in this region for many years
toward more affordable housing and has served as chairman of an
affordable-housing initiatives program now called the Southeastern Connecticut
Housing Alliance.

The newly named alliance, formerly known as the Blue Ribbon Housing Initiatives
Panel, is seeking nonprofit status that will allow it to seek funding from
corporations, foundations and individuals. It also has named a new director to
lead the alliance, whose salary will be funded through a grant from the state
Department of Economic and Community Development.

Cronin said that if the region's housing market cannot grow with affordable
units, it has an economic impact on the region's $13 billion economy because it
can stagnate job growth.

He said potential applicants seeking more information about the federal grant
program should contact either Karen Roman or Denise Magario at the Dime Bank at
860-859-4300 or e-mailing kroman@dime-bank.com or dmagario@dime-bank.com.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060725-NL-HOME-LOAN-20060725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2006 The Day


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              July 25, 2011 Monday

Back the Institute for the Ages

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 992 words


Community-based concept is worthy of Sarasota County 'start-up' funds

The Institute for the Ages is seeking "start-up funding" from Sarasota County's
Economic Development Fund. The County Commission will decide this week whether
to grant the request.

County staff supports the institute's request -- and so does the Herald-Tribune
Editorial Board.

The favorable recommendations from the manager of business and economic
development serve the public interest and are consistent with Sarasota County's
criteria for dollars specifically allocated to economic-development initiatives.

The institute's $1.2 million request will be the largest of five proposals under
consideration Wednesday. Both the county staff and the institute's volunteer
board of directors recognize that the institute -- incorporated last September
and awaiting nonprofit status -- is a "start-up" operation.

But the description does not recognize that the Institute for the Ages funding
proposal follows five years of community engagement and two years of expert
review.

Community concept

The institute's genesis was in 2006, the product of a community-driven study --
"Aging: The Possibilities." The study group, composed of volunteers, was
convened by SCOPE -- a nonprofit, countywide organization that specializes in
community engagement. (Opinion editor Thomas Tryon is a volunteer director on
the SCOPE board.)

The study suggested an in-depth, community-based examination of how Sarasota
County might capitalize on its age-related demographics that foretell national
and global trends.

By 2009, more than 900 people participated in the extended study. One
recommendation in SCOPE's final report called for creating a locally based, but
nationwide, institute focused on "addressing how the community responds to the
aging population and the demographic shift."

SCOPE hired RTI International, a nonprofit research-and-development organization
based in North Carolina's Research Triangle Park. RTI -- a "renowned" entity,
according to Herald-Tribune news reports -- developed a business plan, financial
projections, economic-impact statements and job-creation metrics for the
institute.

The firm also identified companies, foundations and government agencies
interested in working with the Institute for the Ages to: test and develop
products and services for the growing number of older Americans; examine the
impacts of an aging population on workforces, communities and families; help
governments tackle the challenges associated with demographic trends; stimulate
local economic development.

More than $200,000 was raised from private sources to pay RTI; SCOPE's staff
provided more than $100,000 of in-kind services. The institute's local board of
directors recently obtained pledges of an additional $150,000, contingent upon
the County Commission's approval of the funding request.

Coupled with the five years of community-based study, the financial commitments
from the private sector demonstrate a substantial commitment. The business plan
makes clear the institute would pursue nearly $2 million from local and national
foundations, and other private donors, to supplement the economic-development
dollars.

The plan details the costs of hiring institute staff and launching three pilot
projects; it projects that the institute would be financially self-sustaining by
its sixth year.

RTI's economic-impact assessment, relying on a credible forecasting model,
estimates that the institute would "generate or induce" the creation of 750 to
800 jobs at higher-than-average wages within 10 years and produce $155 million
in annual activity. County staff used a different application of the same
forecasting model, discounting the institute's potential to attract "spin-off"
companies and thus leading to lower job-creation and economic-impact numbers.

There is agreement, then, that the Institute for the Ages would create both jobs
and economic activity. And there is no doubt that Sarasota County and our region
provide a model for learning about an aging population in America and other
nations.

Ted C. Fishman, a best-selling author, wrote in his book "Shock of Gray" that
Sarasota County has great potential to maximize the economic benefits --
investments and expenditures in research, development and design -- of being the
"Silicon Valley of aging." He is not alone in this view. Consider:

Sarasota County's Economic Development Corp. last year identified becoming a
"national leader for businesses and institutions that develop products and
services for an aging population" as one its priorities. That goal was created
with substantial input from the public and local businesses.

The EDC has backed the Institute for the Ages -- in principle and with funding
-- and favors the economic-incentive grant. The Greater Sarasota Chamber of
Commerce has done the same; Sarasota Memorial Health Care System has also
provided political and economic assistance.

Sean Snaith, director of the Institute for Economic Competitiveness at the
University of Central Florida, last year recommended county funding of at least
$1 million for the institute. He made that recommendation in an economic
forecast for the county and maintains his support. Snaith recently said the
institute "could operate at the intersection of several of the
economic-development goals of the county ... giving more bang" for
economic-development bucks.

Wide-ranging support

The competition for government revenues is intense, and all economic-development
initiatives involve risk.

But the case for funding the Institute for the Ages is compelling.

The concept was born of community engagement. It has been analyzed by a renowned
research firm. It complements economic-development goals created by local
business leaders, and seeks to leverage existing community assets. It has
attracted both national attention and local dollars from the private sector.

Now it's time for the institute to receive public economic-development funds.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            February 8, 2005 Tuesday

State grants to benefit the arts

BYLINE: Bill Carey, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: HEADLINES

LENGTH: 567 words


http://media.mnginteractive.com

PITTSFIELD -- Berkshire County was described by state officials yesterday as
being at the forefront of efforts to harness the economic development potential
of the arts.

The occasion was the announcement of grants of $65,000 and $60,000,
respectively, to initiatives in Pittsfield and North Adams aimed at fostering
the arts.

The grants were made to 22 communities from the John and Abigail Adams Arts
Program for Cultural Economic Development, administered by the Massachusetts
Cultural Council [MCC]. The program is funded with $1 million appropriated last
year by the state Legislature.

"There's such a feeling of momentum in Pittsfield these days, and it's exciting
for us to be a part of it with this grant award," said Charlie McDermott, MCC
deputy director, speaking at a media event at City Hall.

In Pittsfield, the money will be used to establish a resource center for artists
and cultural organizations, to install outdoor artwork that celebrates the
city's history, and to create a Web site, signage and other materials to market
cultural attractions.

The initiative is called "Cultural Pittsfield," and involves city government and
a dozen cultural and business organizations. It was reported that the grant
application was written last fall by Megan Whilden, prior to her appointment as
the city's director of cultural development.

The funding in North Adams will be used by the Center for Creative Community
Development, or C3D, to develop tools for measuring the economic impact of the
cultural community. The project was described by Stephen C. Sheppard, Williams
College professor of economics.

MCC officials and Dan Hunter, executive director of the Massachusetts Advocates
for the Arts, Sciences and Humanities, attended the announcement.

The two organizations lobbied the Legislature to restore funding for "cultural
economic development," a programmatic thrust that was suspended because of state
budget cuts in 2002. The Adams Arts Program, while funded last year, was not
included in Gov. Mitt Romney's proposed fiscal 2006 budget released last month,
according to MCC.

Thirty-two full proposals were submitted for funding from the program, and 22
grants were made. An independent review panel rated Pittsfield's proposal
fourth-best, said Meri Jenkins, MCC's program director.

'Astonished' by the interest

Jenkins said she was "astonished" by the interest shown by local individuals and
organizations when she visited Pittsfield last September.

Hunter said the economic value of the arts and culture is "clearly recognized in
the Berkshires," but is overlooked by the state, which spends relatively little
on promoting tourism. He noted that Pittsfield is one of the first communities
in the state to hire a full-time director of cultural development.

"This is significant. You don't find that in cities like Boston," he said.

Participating in the Cultural Pittsfield initiative are Banknorth, Callahan Sign
Co., Downtown Inc., Taylor & Miller Architecture and Design, the Berkshire
Historical Society, the Berkshire Museum, the Storefront Artists Project, the
Berkshire Opera, the Colonial Theatre Association, Hancock Shaker Village, city
agencies, the Berkshire Athenaeum, the Artscape committee and the Commission on
Tourism.

Bill Carey can be reached at bcarey@berkshireeagle.comor at [413] 496-6240.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pittsfeld Mayor James Ruberto congratulates the city's cultural
commissioner, Megan P. Whilden, at a press conference announcing the award of a
$65,000 arts grant to the city. Photo: Ben Garver / Berkshire Eagle Staff

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces 800 Jobs Resulting from Blair County
Project

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


the state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today broke ground at the future site of the Altoona-Blair
Convention Center Commons and Tech Center.  The project is funded, in part, by a
$2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced earlier this year
and will create and retain 800 jobs for the region.

The EGI grant, awarded to the Altoona-Blair County Development Corporation will
support the site acquisition and construction of a retail, commercial and office
complex in Altoona.  When completed, the location will house nearly 48,000
square foot, 12-screen theater complex, 13,000 square feet of retail space,
6,200 square feet of restaurant space, a four-story hotel and a 26,000 square
foot office building.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said.  "Jobs are being created as a result of these projects.  We
are transforming parts of our towns into thriving centers of commerce and
recreation.  Both of these projects exemplify the spirit and goals of this
program."

The Convention Center Commons/Tech Center Project will be implemented in three
phases. Phase I, which is the subject of the RACP grant includes property
acquisition, engineering and design of site improvements to prepare the site as
shovel and pad-ready for the construction of the commercial and tech center
project. The total cost of Phase I is $8.08 million.

Following this initial phase, construction of the theater and retail spaces will
commence. The final phase of construction will include restaurant, hotel and
office/technology center space.  When completed, the total investment on the
site is estimated at $31.3 million and is expected to generate more than $1.8
million in annual tax revenue for the region.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces 800 Jobs Resulting from Blair County
Project

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today broke ground at the future site of the Altoona-Blair
Convention Center Commons and Tech Center.  The project is funded, in part, by a
$2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced earlier this year
and will create and retain 800 jobs for the region.

The EGI grant, awarded to the Altoona-Blair County Development Corporation will
support the site acquisition and construction of a retail, commercial and office
complex in Altoona.  When completed, the location will house nearly 48,000
square foot, 12-screen theater complex, 13,000 square feet of retail space,
6,200 square feet of restaurant space, a four-story hotel and a 26,000 square
foot office building.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said.  "Jobs are being created as a result of these projects.  We
are transforming parts of our towns into thriving centers of commerce and
recreation.  Both of these projects exemplify the spirit and goals of this
program."

The Convention Center Commons/Tech Center Project will be implemented in three
phases. Phase I, which is the subject of the RACP grant includes property
acquisition, engineering and design of site improvements to prepare the site as
shovel and pad-ready for the construction of the commercial and tech center
project. The total cost of Phase I is $8.08 million.

Following this initial phase, construction of the theater and retail spaces will
commence. The final phase of construction will include restaurant, hotel and
office/technology center space.  When completed, the total investment on the
site is estimated at $31.3 million and is expected to generate more than $1.8
million in annual tax revenue for the region.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces 800 Jobs Resulting from Blair County
Project

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:


 Governor Tom Corbett today broke ground at the future site of the Altoona-Blair
Convention Center Commons and Tech Center.  The project is funded, in part, by a
$2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced earlier this year
and will create and retain 800 jobs for the region.

The EGI grant, awarded to the Altoona-Blair County Development Corporation will
support the site acquisition and construction of a retail, commercial and office
complex in Altoona.  When completed, the location will house nearly 48,000
square foot, 12-screen theater complex, 13,000 square feet of retail space,
6,200 square feet of restaurant space, a four-story hotel and a 26,000 square
foot office building.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said.  "Jobs are being created as a result of these projects.  We
are transforming parts of our towns into thriving centers of commerce and
recreation.  Both of these projects exemplify the spirit and goals of this
program."

The Convention Center Commons/Tech Center Project will be implemented in three
phases. Phase I, which is the subject of the RACP grant includes property
acquisition, engineering and design of site improvements to prepare the site as
shovel and pad-ready for the construction of the commercial and tech center
project. The total cost of Phase I is $8.08 million.

Following this initial phase, construction of the theater and retail spaces will
commence. The final phase of construction will include restaurant, hotel and
office/technology center space.  When completed, the total investment on the
site is estimated at $31.3 million and is expected to generate more than $1.8
million in annual tax revenue for the region.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces 800 Jobs Resulting from Blair County
Project

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today broke ground at the future site of the Altoona-Blair
Convention Center Commons and Tech Center.  The project is funded, in part, by a
$2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced earlier this year
and will create and retain 800 jobs for the region.

The EGI grant, awarded to the Altoona-Blair County Development Corporation will
support the site acquisition and construction of a retail, commercial and office
complex in Altoona.  When completed, the location will house nearly 48,000
square foot, 12-screen theater complex, 13,000 square feet of retail space,
6,200 square feet of restaurant space, a four-story hotel and a 26,000 square
foot office building.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said.  "Jobs are being created as a result of these projects.  We
are transforming parts of our towns into thriving centers of commerce and
recreation.  Both of these projects exemplify the spirit and goals of this
program."

The Convention Center Commons/Tech Center Project will be implemented in three
phases. Phase I, which is the subject of the RACP grant includes property
acquisition, engineering and design of site improvements to prepare the site as
shovel and pad-ready for the construction of the commercial and tech center
project. The total cost of Phase I is $8.08 million.

Following this initial phase, construction of the theater and retail spaces will
commence. The final phase of construction will include restaurant, hotel and
office/technology center space.  When completed, the total investment on the
site is estimated at $31.3 million and is expected to generate more than $1.8
million in annual tax revenue for the region.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces 800 Jobs Resulting from Blair County
Project

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today broke ground at the future site of the Altoona-Blair
Convention Center Commons and Tech Center.  The project is funded, in part, by a
$2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced earlier this year
and will create and retain 800 jobs for the region.

The EGI grant, awarded to the Altoona-Blair County Development Corporation will
support the site acquisition and construction of a retail, commercial and office
complex in Altoona.  When completed, the location will house nearly 48,000
square foot, 12-screen theater complex, 13,000 square feet of retail space,
6,200 square feet of restaurant space, a four-story hotel and a 26,000 square
foot office building.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said.  "Jobs are being created as a result of these projects.  We
are transforming parts of our towns into thriving centers of commerce and
recreation.  Both of these projects exemplify the spirit and goals of this
program."

The Convention Center Commons/Tech Center Project will be implemented in three
phases. Phase I, which is the subject of the RACP grant includes property
acquisition, engineering and design of site improvements to prepare the site as
shovel and pad-ready for the construction of the commercial and tech center
project. The total cost of Phase I is $8.08 million.

Following this initial phase, construction of the theater and retail spaces will
commence. The final phase of construction will include restaurant, hotel and
office/technology center space.  When completed, the total investment on the
site is estimated at $31.3 million and is expected to generate more than $1.8
million in annual tax revenue for the region.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 5, 2010 Tuesday

Requests for visitor guides roll in

BYLINE: ANDY PIPER TH staff writer * apiper@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 549 words


About 20,000 people pedaled into the Port of Dubuque to end RAGBRAI, and many of
them are thinking about coming back for a less strenuous visit. Keith Rahe,
director of the Dubuque Convention and Visitors Bureau, told the Dubuque City
Council Monday night that 2,500 more visitor guides were requested from June
through September 2010 than during the same period in 2009. "Everyone talks
about how you don't get the number effects you get from an overnight, but we
looked at the long-term marketing effects," Rahe said. "We're seeing that
already.

We are getting an unreal amount of inquiries from people." Rahe estimated the
20,000 participants and 10,000 spectators of the Register's Annual Great Bicycle
Ride Across Iowa had an economic impact of $2,581,000. Other major events -
America's River Festival, the inaugural Dubuque Duathlon and Art Market Dubuque
- had a combined economic impact of $260,750. SMARTER CITY PARTNERSHIP Issue:
Authorize the vehicle miles traveled component of the Smarter City program with
IBM. Background: Reducing vehicle miles traveled and improving transit
performance is a key goal of the Sustainable Dubuque initiative. Ridership
increases in the transit system and decreases in private vehicle usage can
result in millions of dollars of savings and thousands of tons of avoided carbon
emissions. Action: The council voted, 6-0, to form a city team to negotiate a
final contract with IBM. What's next: The contract will return to the council
for final approval. The proposal calls for IBM to invest $1.5 million to $2
million through its "First Of A Kind" program. The city will be asked to
contribute $100,000 through the federal Energy Efficiency and Conservation Block
Grant. MILLWORK DISTRICT PARKING Issue: Purchase of property to create parking
in the Millwork District. Background: The 2009 master plan for the Historic
Millwork District emphasized parking needs to support the transformation of the
area. The plan suggested acquiring property known as the Alamo site, owned by
John Gronen and Bob Johnson. Action: The council voted, 6-0, to approve the
purchase of the property for $698,973.42. The sellers retain ownership of the
Alamo building, formerly Rouse and Company Foundry at 10th and Washington
streets. What's next: The city will build a surface parking lot to coincide with
the rehabilitation of the Caradco Building, 900 Jackson St. In the future, the
site might be used for a parking ramp. SAFE COMMUNITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE Issue:
Creating a committee to monitor the implementation of the Safe Community Task
Force recommendations. Background: The Safe Community Task Force was created to
study the issue of crime in the city and to make policy recommendations. While
some recommendations have been implemented, the majority are being reviewed by
city staff. The task force will conclude once it receives and reviews a crime
study being prepared by Northern Illinois University. Action: The council voted,
5-1, to form the committee. Councilman Ric Jones voted no, explaining it is the
council's job to monitor implementation. What's next: The city will seek
volunteers for the nine-person committee. Appointments will be made by the
council in early December. The committee will hold quarterly meetings in 2011
and disband Dec. 31, 2011.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant to
Support Expansion of the U.S. Army Heritage and Education Center

LENGTH: 608  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative
Grant to help educate the public about the service and sacrifice of our veterans
and active duty soldiers at the U.S. Army Heritage and Education Center
(USAHEC).

The $2 million grant will assist the Army Heritage Center Foundation, the
USAHEC's Friends Group, in its effort to expand its Visitors Center to attract
more local and interstate tourism.

"This investment will help teach those who want to learn the history of our
heroes," Gov. Corbett said. "It's a project that will serve as a monument to the
brave sacrifice of those who've put on the uniform."

The expansion of the Visitor Center will provide 37,000 additional square feet
to support continued growth in visitation and programs.

Enhancements include an exhibit and interpretative gallery to highlight soldier
art; two multi-purpose rooms to host more complex educational programs; and
improved conferencing capabilities to accommodate larger veterans' reunions and
special events. The estimated cost of project is $8.4 million.

When completed, the Visitor Center will serve as the heart of the complex from
which public programs will emanate and sustain the Center's growing visitation.

The U.S. Army Heritage and Education Center (USAHEC) is museum and learning
center dedicated to honoring soldiers and their families; preserving and making
publically available their artifacts and archival materials for study; and
educating and inspiring visitors through programs and exhibits that promote a
greater understanding of the Army's and its soldiers' contributions to American
history.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010. Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcements, the Corbett administration announced 58
new Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Gov. Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Jay Pagni, Governor's Press Office, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Growth
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

###[#x200b][#x200b]

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Item (Shamokin, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 7, 2011 Thursday

Positive outlook at final AOAA meeting

BYLINE: Mark Gilger, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1434 words


July 07--COAL TOWNSHIP -- If approved by the Northumberland County commissioners
and proper funding is secured, the proposed Anthracite Outdoor Adventure Area
(AOAA) covering more than 6,000 acres in five local townships could generate
$5.2 million and create 184 new jobs over a five-year period.

That optimistic projection was revealed Wednesday night at a public meeting
attended by approximately 200 people in the auditorium at Shamokin Area
Middle/High School to discuss the master plan for the AOAA.

In addition to revenue and employment projections for the AOAA, a fee schedule
to use the outdoor facility, funding sources and a tentative opening date were
announced by officials from Pashek Associates of Pittsburgh, who conducted the
90-minute presentation in conjunction with county planning director Pat Mack,
AOAA project coordinator Kathy Jeremiah and Steve Barber, regional vice
president for Pennoni Associates of Mechanicsburg.

Mack opened the program by stating, "The status quo of the property is not
acceptable. In addition to providing an outdoor adventure area in the county,
this project, which has been in the works for 1 1/2 years, will help alleviate
dumping and burning on the property. We need to stick to this plan."

Prior to the meeting, Mack said the 332-page master plan developed by Pashek
Associates cost $238,000. He said a $200,000 grant from the state Department of
Conservation and Natural Resources (DCNR) and a $38,000 grant from the state
Department of Community and Economic Development (DCED) were used to pay for the
plan.

The county, which was seeking $3.5 million in grant funding for the AOAA,
received $400,000 late last year from DCNR.

The $400,000 came from state snowmobile and ATV funds. The largest source of
potential funding would have been from Growing Greener II; however, the state
has not renewed that fund, which will be depleted this year.

In June, the county received a $20,000 Yamaha Off-Highway Vehicle Access
Initiative Grant for trail development, mapping and signage in AOAA. The county
also was awarded a $10,000 Polaris TRAILS Program grant for trail design and
development.

Mack said pending funding applications include a $1,500,000 DCNR grant, $300,000
ARC/DCED grant (access road funding) and $1,300,000 grant for an abandoned mine
reclamation project at Boyer's Knob.

Mack pointed out that no county money will be spent on the AOAA.

John Buerkle, principal of Pashek Associates in charge of site planning, said
the master plan contains recommendations for 6,596 acres of county-owned
property in Coal, Mount Carmel, Zerbe, East Cameron and West Cameron townships
that officials hope will become a formalized venue for motorized and
non-motorized recreation activities.

If additional funding is secured for the project, the AOAA trailhead would be
located off Route 125 on the Burnside Mountain south of Shamokin.

Buerkle said the plan includes facility and activity areas, Phase I funding and
development, rules for use of the AOAA, safety and security procedures for
visitors to the outdoor adventure area, a proposed fee structure to cover
operating and maintenance expenses and future capital development, and the
projected economic impact to Northumberland County.

He said, "We want to make this a world-class facility. The AOAA will contain 318
miles of trail, 50 of which will be for non-motorized usage."

Buerkle said the land also will have 27 miles of access roads and 15 miles of
equestrian trails.

He explained 41 percent of the AOAA will be used for ATVs, 27 percent for
full-size vehicles and 32 percent for off-highway vehicles.

The proposed admission fee schedule for the AOAA is as follows:

- $25 for a one-day pass, $40 for a two-day pass, $80 for an annual pass, $10
for a spectator/non-motorized day pass, and $25 for a spectator/non-motorized
annual pass.

Buerkle said implementing the master plan will formalize and secure public
access to the land for current and future residents of the county, provide a
safe venue for responsible motorized and non-motorized recreation, and provide
the county with much needed economic development by spurring the creation of new
businesses and jobs, increasing the tax base and increasing spending in the
local communities. The Pashek Associates official said economic development was
the impetus for the project. He noted Bloomsburg University has agreed to study
and report on the actual economic impact of the AOAA on the region as the plan
is set in motion.

Bob Good, who is charge of financial planning with Pashek Associates,
optimistically predicted that if everything falls into place and proper funding
is secured for the project, the AOAA could open by early 2013.

Under the plan, Good said a municipal authority appointed by the county would
manage the AOAA and be responsible for financially supporting it. He said the
authority members would be paid with funds generated by the AOAA.

Good said the county would maintain ownership over the land and would be
responsible for managing all non-recreational uses for the property.

Good said the AOAA would require hiring a full-time manager, full-time
maintenance director, part-time administrative assistant, part-time seasonal
maintenance staff and part-time seasonal and weekend admissions staff. He said
volunteers could be used to support paid staff positions and additional staff
could be hired if funds become available.

Based on his projection in comparing the AOAA with attendance at similar outdoor
adventure areas in West Virginia and Kentucky, Good said the outdoor adventure
area in Northumberland could generate $5.2 million in revenue at the end of five
years, while creating 184 new jobs. He anticipated the AOAA would generate
$238,000 in its first year of operation.

He said the financial objectives in developing the plan included making the AOAA
a world-class facility that would attract thousands of people each year, keeping
the admission fee affordable, making sure revenues outweigh expenses year after
year, expanding the facility as more funding sources become available,
establishing long-term stability, gaining support from local communities and
having a significant positive economic impact on the area.

The master plan recommends providing a six-week opportunity for hunting by
closing Monday through Saturday, beginning with the Saturday before Thanksgiving
through the first week of January. That time frame would encompass a portion of
the fall and winter small game season, bear, rifled deer and a portion of winter
archery deer seasons, bobcat and a portion of the raccoon and fox seasons.

During the public input portion of the meeting, local real estate agent Joe
Bressi stated, "Many years ago, there used to be a slogan that said, 'Come to
Shamokin -- City of Opportunity.' We can't afford to lose this opportunity. We
must take advantage of this and work and cooperate with these folks who have put
a lot of effort into this."

Bressi's remarks met with loud applause from the crowd, as did comments from
Dick Lepley, executive director for the Pennsylvania Off-Highway Vehicle
Association in Harrisburg who has 44 years of experience in the profession.

Lepley stated, "History shows that local businesses and communities thrive from
outdoor adventure areas. I believe this project will rival the Hatfield-McCoy
trails in West Virginia in terms of generating revenue and raising property
values in the area. Motorized recreation also will preserve the great heritage
of this area. It will serve as an economic engine for generations to come."

Dave Miller, president of the Lehigh Valley ATV Association, described the AOAA
as a "revolutionary idea" that will become a huge attraction for the coal
region. He commended county officials for their initiative in proposing the
AOAA.

The vast majority of speakers voiced their support for the AOAA and one man even
offered to pay his admission fee Wednesday night.

Good said the next step in the process is receiving a commitment from the county
commissioners to move forward with the project.

Mack said he expects a final draft of the master plan to be presented to state
officials by early December.

Vinny Clausi, who was the lone commissioner in attendance, reserved comment.

Clausi previously voiced his support for the project.

To see more of The News-Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsitem.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110707-IZ-Positive-outlook-at-final-AOAA-meeting-0707-20110707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IZ


                          Copyright 2011 The News-Item


                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Trent Hills Independent

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Havelock wants in on "connecting link" money

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 467  words


Havelock - Havelock-Belmont-Methuen wants in on a new $15-million-a-year program
dedicated to connecting links within municipalities. HBM is one of 77
municipalities in Ontario with connecting link agreements with the Ministry of
Transportation covering sections of provincial highway within their boundaries.

In HBM, the agreement is for the 1.9-kilometre stretch of Highway #7 running
through the village.

The connecting link agreement had become a source of contention for township
council ever since funding for repairs to those stretches of provincial highways
dried up and municipalities were forced to dip into their own reserves or try
for other grant programs like the Municipal Infrastructure Investment Initiative
or Small Rural and Northern Municipal Infrastructure Program Northern and Rural
(SRNMP) to cover repair costs.

Forcing municipalities to squander grant applications on projects to repair a
provincial highway rather than using those applications to pay for municipal
projects, which is what the programs were intended for, has been a bitter pill
to swallow.

"It leaves us with a very sour taste in our mouth," Mayor Ron Gerow said at the
time.

"I think in the wisdom of the day the former Havelock council saw the advantages
of the connecting link agreement and the funding that was available, to have
some say on the road going through the community," said Gerow. "That was a very
positive step. And now they [the provincial government] would like to penalize
us for it."

One of the earlier benefits of a connecting link agreement was increased freedom
for municipalities to pursue initiatives along that section of provincial
highway but it was reaching the point that council wondered why they even
bothered to have an agreement.

The new funding will be available in the spring of 2016 and the provincial
government is soliciting input from municipalities on the Connecting Links
program "to ensure that the program meets your municipality's unique needs."

"How can the province best leverage the funding that is available to maximize
the economic impact of the Connecting Links program?" it also asks.

"We want to get in on the ground floor," Mayor Gerow said of the new program.

He said he knew $15 million sounded like a lot of money but when it was measured
against the needs of 77 municipalities "it's not a lot."

Thunder Bay alone, he noted, had 29 kilometres of connecting links highway.

It was crucial, he said, that the township "follow this forward as quickly as
possible" and find out about the application process.

Mayor Gerow recalled previous discussions he and council have had with MPP Jeff
Leal about the problems they have had with the connecting link.

The connecting link was high on the list of topics council wanted to talk to
Leal about in a future "sit down" meeting.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2015
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Study validates impact of entrepreneurship

BYLINE: TOM WALKER, twalker@i2e.org

SECTION: BUSINESS; INNOVATION & ENTREPRENEURS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 545 words


Lately, we have been writing about the economic impact of innovation. We have
talked about exciting public and private sector initiatives - from Regional
Innovation Clusters to the Invest in American Alliance - aimed at accelerating
the development and commercialization of innovation and technology across the
U.S.

A recent analysis by two Harvard economists further validates the economic
impact of both innovation and entrepreneurship.

Using U.S. Census data, the authors found that regional economic growth
correlated very highly with the abundance of small firms. Further, with all
other things being equal, the study reported that geographic areas with lots of
small firms tend to experience faster job growth than areas with a few large
firms.

The question then becomes, how can Oklahoma create the Sooner version of the
Silicon Valley effect?

The Harvard report had something to say about that, too.

With the caveat that economic research is just beginning to understand the
cause-and-effect relationships that make one region more entrepreneurial than
others, the report authors offered these observations:

&rarr;The presence of many small firms seems to influence the creation of even
more startups.

&rarr;While venture capitalists are concentrated on either coast, they have
demonstrated the capability of investing in other parts of the country.

&rarr;Where there is a greater supply of entrepreneurs, there is more
entrepreneurial activity.

This third bullet really caught my eye. The report points to a "robust link
between universities and certain types of high-return entrepreneurship." That's
the whole idea behind the Donald W. Reynolds Governor's Cup collegiate business
plan competition.

In the first five years of the Governor's Cup, we have seen students assist in
the creation of more than 15 entrepreneurial Oklahoma companies, including
PreDENT, Innovative Solutions, and XploSafe.

Other participants have leadership positions in ongoing businesses such as
Amethyst Research, Inc. in Ardmore, Mintiva in Oklahoma City and Impact
Technologies in Tulsa.

This week we will announce the 12 undergraduate semifinalists and six graduate
finalists of the 2010 Governor's Cup. This competition is a wonderful catalyst
for educators, civic leaders, company executives, economic development
organizations and Oklahoma entrepreneurs to participate in creating the next
generation of Oklahoma entrepreneurs.

Tom Walker is president and CEO of i2E, Inc., a not-for-profit corporation that
mentors many of the state's technology-based start-up companies. i2E receives
state appropriations from the Oklahoma Center for the Advancement of Science and
Technology. Contact him at  i2E_Comments@i2E.org

DID YOU KNOW?

Governor's Cup participants hone their entrepreneurial skills, network with
Oklahoma's business leaders and compete for nearly $200,000 in cash, $40,000 in
fellowships, and $15,000 in scholarships. In 2010, there are two new
opportunities. The OG&E Positive Energy Award provides $5,000 to the team and
$2,000 to the faculty adviser of the winning energy-related business. The Al
Tuttle Business Incubation Award, which considers all graduate level business
plans, provides a one-year residency at no cost in one of four Oklahoma business
incubators.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces $2.6 Million in Grants for Infrastructure and
Economic Development Projects on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Today, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack awarded $2.6 million in grants for
seven projects to support economic development and improve the economy on the
Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.





 "Investing in and rebuilding hard-hit communities are important parts of this
Administration's plan to ensure that every child has a fair chance at success,"
Vilsack said. "Working in conjunction with our public and private partners, USDA
is supporting much-needed infrastructure and economic development improvements
to help create jobs, improve access to education opportunities and quality,
affordable housing, and reduce crime throughout the Pine Ridge community."



 The projects being financed by USDA Rural Development include:



     $1.85 million for a Water and Waste Disposal grant to Oglala Sioux Tribe to
construct a cell for the solid waste landfill, construct a building, make
repairs and purchase equipment;

     $160,800 for a Community Facilities Tribal College Initiative grant to
Oglala Lakota College for a communications/phone system for the main campus in
Kyle;

     $134,259 for a Socially Disadvantaged Groups Grant to the InterTribal
Buffalo Council to provide training and teach best practices to socially
disadvantaged ag producers for disease management programs;

     $49,500 for a Rural Business Development Grant to the Value Added
Agriculture Development Center, based in Pierre, S.D., to teach local businesses
in Oglala Lakota County, which is on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, how to
commercially process and successfully market buffalo meat;

     $48,700 for a Community Facilities Grant to the Oglala Sioux Tribe
Department of Public Safety to purchase two police vehicles in Oglala;

     $18,800 for a Community Facilities Economic Impact Initiative grant to the
Oglala Sioux Tribe Department of Public Safety to purchase a police vehicle in
Oglala Lakota County.



 Also, USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture is providing:



     $375,000 for a Community Food Projects grant to the Thunder Valley
Development Corporation to strengthen food sovereignty on the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation. The project will enhance local food systems through an agriculture
demonstration farm and education center that will include a community garden,
greenhouse, food education program and workforce development training for local
farmers. It also will establish a local food coalition to expand local, healthy
food distribution systems to food outlets on the reservation.



 Funding of each award is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the
grant agreement.



 In April 2015, the Obama Administration designated the Pine Ridge Indian
Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe one of eight new Promise Zones. Promise
Zones are high-poverty communities where the federal government partners with
local leaders to increase economic activity, improve educational opportunities,
leverage private investment, reduce violent crime, enhance public health and
address other community-identified priorities.



 USDA Rural Development in South Dakota has offices in Aberdeen, Huron,
Mitchell, Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls, Watertown and Yankton. For more
information, visit the USDA Rural Development website at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/sd.



 President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The News & Advance (Lynchburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 10, 2010 Saturday

BRIEF: Brookneal to receive grant for police gear

BYLINE: The News and Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 174 words


July 10--The Town of Brookneal will receive a $36,750 federal grant to purchase
new police vehicles and equipment.

Rep. Tom Perriello, D-5th District, announced the grant Friday. It is an
Economic Impact Initiative Grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development grant program, which helps rural communities with high rates of
unemployment finance the construction or purchase of facilities or equipment to
serve the entire community, according to Perriello's office.

The grant will finance approximately 75 percent of the cost of new vehicles and
equipment for Brookneal.

To see more of The News & Advance, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsadvance.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The News and Advance, Lynchburg,
Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100710-LY-BRF-Brookneal-to-receive-grant-for-police-gear-20100710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LY


                       Copyright 2010 The News & Advance


                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Diversifying the Four Corners

BYLINE: By, Joshua Kellogg

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 549 words


FARMINGTON - The keynote speaker at the Northwest New Mexico Council of
Governments' annual luncheon highlighted the work being done to diversify the
economy in the Four Corners region and to educate workers transitioning out of
the oil and gas industry.

Rick Sebenoler, a Partnership for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic
Revitalization (POWER) program officer and regional integrator for the Economic
Development Administration, was the keynote speaker for the luncheon at the
School of Energy building at San Juan College Wednesday. The Economic
Development Administration operates under the auspices of the U.S Department of
Commerce.

"The days of rigs jumping all over the place, high-dollar salaries out there,
this is not going to come back anywhere near the scale it used to be," Sebenoler
said about the regional energy industry.

Sebenoler played a major role in helping San Juan College and COG receive
federal POWER grants to help workers in the coal industry transition to new
jobs, COG Director Jeff Keily said. San Juan College received a $1.4 million
grant, and COG was awarded about $327,000.

Keily said the organization had Sebenoler give a presentation about the federal
POWER initiative to showcase the work San Juan College and the Northwest New
Mexico Council of Governments have been doing for work force and economic
development.

"We think this is just the beginning of a broad, regional (collaboration) that
can get bigger than it is now," Keily said.

COG has hired the consulting firm Highland Economics to analyze the economic
impact of the decline in coal production and usage on the Four Corners region as
part of its grant.

Using that information, the organization plans to develop priorities and
strategies to promote regional economic diversification, according to
Sebenoler's presentation. Keily said the group hopes to finish its report
sometime this fall.

San Juan College has been using its grant to focus on work force revitalization
and economic development, according to the college's Four Corners POWER
Initiative Director Melissa Meechan.

As part of the grant, the college is going to purchase new equipment for its
instrument and controls program offered through the School of Energy. Meechan
said the new equipment will help serve more students and diversify the education
students receive, putting them in a position to apply to more job fields.

The college's grant is also supporting the rapid re-training educational support
program to help workers in the energy industry find jobs in areas that are
actively hiring.

"We are training them in nonenergy fields so they can hopefully find a job,"
Meechan said.

During Sebenoler's speech, he said San Juan College is an extraordinary resource
that works toward developing new curriculums to create job opportunities in the
area, including a cyber-security program.

Sebenoler also stressed the importance of staging a Four Corners economic
summit. He said the event should bring in federal officials and agencies to
learn about the strategies that are being developed to diversify the economy in
the Four Corners. He said it also would serve as an opportunity for local
officials to seek resources to develop those strategies.

Joshua Kellogg covers education for The Daily Times. He can be reached at
505-564-4627.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2016 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

AFCI TAKES INITIATIVE

BYLINE: BASHIRAH MUTTALIB

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 320 words



HIGHLIGHT: Confab looks at professional development


The Assn. of Film Commissioners Intl. is launching the next phase of its Global
Initiatives in Professional Development in conjunction with its 32nd annual AFCI
Cineposium Intl. Conference.

The confab, hosted by the New Mexico Film Office, runs Aug. 26-30 in Santa Fe,
N.M.

"This event brings together the collective brain trust of film commissioner
professionals from around the world who serve the needs of the global production
industry," said AFCI president Robin James. "The professional development
program affords our members the knowledge, insights and skills that enhance
capability and develop proficiencies, which are highly valued by our partners in
the film industry worldwide."

A Film Commission Fundamentals course, launched July 21 and the first to be
offered entirely online, assists participants in understanding the basics of
working in a film commission as well as fulfilling film liaison tasks. Courses
are a prerequisite for those who wish to pursue accreditation as an
AFCI-certified film commissioner, and new film commissioners should complete the
fundamentals course prior to attendance as a first step in the AFCI's
professional development program.

Unique this year are the offerings of AFCI's master class series: "Going Green
--- Leaving a Light Footprint on our Environment," "Visual Effects --- Coming of
Age," "Diversity --- Above and Below the Line," "Marketing for Film
Commissioners" and "The Film Commissioner as Economic Developer."

In addition, a six-hour workshop on "The Essentials of Grant Writing" will be
offered as a special presentation open to the general public as well as
attendees of the conference.

"We have developed innovative initiatives that have resulted in significant
economic impact for our state," said New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, "and we
are pleased to be able to contribute to the dynamic and thought-provoking
discussions that are the hallmark of this event."


LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Americus Times Recorder (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 24, 2009 Tuesday

SAM Shortline gets marketing grant

BYLINE: Peggy King, Americus Times-Recorder, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words


Nov. 24--CORDELE -- Friends of Georgia State Parks, SAM Shortline Chapter has
been awarded a $20,000 cooperative tourism marketing grant by the Georgia
Department of Economic Development's Tourism Division.

SAM Shortline Executive Director Kathy Odom said the funds will be used to
produce marketing materials and advertise the train's excursions in various
publications.

According to a press release from the Department of Economic Development, the
purpose of the cooperative tourism marketing grants is to assist communities in
reaching a larger audience through marketing projects they may not be able to
fund on their own.

Independent judges scored the 82 applications that were received based on
economic impact, project goals and objectives, benefit to the community,
positive impact and the ability to attract and service visitors.

A total of $500,000 was awarded to 41 applicants across the state.

Kevin Langston, assistant commissioner for tourism says, "the co-op program is a
great example of the private and public sectors working together to leverage one
another's assets.

"By combining our resources, we are able to attract additional visitors to our
communities thereby generating private sector revenues along with additional
sales and lodging tax revenues."

For its total marketing budget, SAM Shortline also is receiving revenue from
ticket sales, several billboards, a number of brochures and three governing and
business entities including City of Americus, Americus Downtown Development
Authority and Cordele Downtown Business Organization.

In her application, Odom said the Friends chapter plans to provide route maps
for all businesses along the Presidential Pathways corridor, to 69 welcome
centers and 11 state visitor centers.

Maps also will be given to local area motels and all five Georgia State Park
lodges. In addition, SAM Shortline promotional key cards to enter motel rooms at
those lodges and at three local motels will be provided.

Other promotional materials include survey cards, luggage tags and SAM logos.

Odom said, "We have the capacity to sell 338 tickets per excursion. Our current
average is 241 visitors." Adding almost 100 visitors for each excursion will not
increase expenses, she explained, because costs remain the same regardless of
the number of passengers.

Her immediate goal is to increase ridership by 10 percent. "Increased
visitation, especially by new visitors will largely impact the region over
time," Odom says, "since SAM is known for creating repeat visitation."

SAM Shortline's marketing initiatives which will cost a total of $54,000 between
November 2009 and April 2010 are expected to have almost a $1.2 million economic
impact on the Crisp and Sumter county areas.

To see more of the Americus Times-Recorder, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.americustimesrecorder.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Americus
Times-Recorder, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091124-AF-SAM-Shortline-gets-marketing-grant-1124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AF


                                 Copyright 2009


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             October 9, 2011 Sunday

Government working to develop next generation of bio-fuels

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 533 words


The federal government is investing in the development and production of the
next generation of biofuels. In late September, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack announced five major agricultural research projects aimed at developing
regional, renewable energy markets, generating rural jobs and decreasing
America's dependence on foreign oil. Altogether, the five-year program will
deliver more than $136 million in research and development grants to public and
private sector partners in 22 states.

University partners from the states of Washington, Louisiana, Tennessee and Iowa
will lead the projects, which focus in part on developing aviation biofuels from
tall grasses, crop residues and forest resources. The department made the awards
through its Agriculture and Food Research Initiative. The initiative targets the
development of regional systems for the sustainable production of bioenergy and
biobased products that contribute significantly to reducing dependence on
foreign oil, have net positive social, environmental and rural economic impacts
and are compatible with existing agricultural systems. All grants are awarded
over five years, with continued funding contingent on annual project success.
Summaries of the five projects: * A research team led by Iowa State University
received $25 million to develop a regional biomass production system for
advanced transportation fuels derived from native perennial grasses, such as
switchgrass, big bluestem and Indian grass. The $25 million project will study
the potential benefits of planting grasses with legumes to provide nutrients to
land unsuitable for row crop production - adding value to marginal lands while
reducing nitrogen runoff into waterways and increasing carbon sequestration. * A
research team led by Washington State University received $40 million to convert
closed timber mills into bioenergy development centers, improving the economic
potential of rural communities affected by the downturn in timber production.
The team will focus on feedstock development, sustainable forest production and
establishing new methods to identify the most promising plant lines for biofuel
conversion. The project aims to develop a regional source of renewable aviation
fuel for Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. * A team of researchers led by
Louisiana State University received $17.2 million to enable the regular
production of biomass for economically viable conversion using existing refinery
infrastructure. Through new and existing industrial partnerships, this project
will use energy cane and sorghum to help reinvigorate the Louisiana sugar and
chemical industries. * A team of scientists led by the University of Tennessee
received $15 million to develop sustainable feedstock production systems
(switchgrass and woody biomass) that will produce low-cost, easily converted
sugars for biochemical conversion to butanol, lignin by-products and forest and
mill residues, and dedicated energy crop feedstocks to produce diesel, heat and
power. * A research team from the University of Washington received $40 million
to focus on using sustainably grown woody energy crops to produce biogasoline
and renewable aviation fuel.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                     January 16, 2001 Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Hoover points to progress in rebuilding Worcester

BYLINE: Thomas R. Hoover

SECTION: COMMENTARY; State of the City; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 1182 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



The past year has truly been remarkable for the city of Worcester and its
residents.

The tragic deaths of six of our Worcester firefighters shortly over one year ago
miraculously resulted in an overwhelming strengthening of our community. From
the depths of sorrow arose a dynamic partnership among the various members of
the community including residents, businesses, lawmakers and educators to
collectively move this city forward into the new millennium and create
opportunity from the ashes of tragedy. Looking back on the past 12 months, I can
truly say that we as a community have garnered this synergy and produced
tangible results from our efforts.

My personal vision for the city of Worcester over the next decade is to enhance
Worcester's image as a destination for travel, education, business, cultural
entertainment and living. A thriving downtown and strong neighborhoods are key
to attaining this vision, as is the provision of cultural, educational and
transportation amenities vital to sustaining a healthy municipality.

The mechanism to achieve this macro-vision is a well-planned strategy of annual
benchmarks that the administration will strive to attain. The administration's
goals for the past year included an aggressive economic development agenda, an
enhanced transportation network, increased public safety, neighborhood
revitalization and continued investment in public education facilities and
academic programs for our youth.

The goals and objectives for the current fiscal year include increased
management efficiency at all department levels, budget reductions and revenue
enhancement programs. The administration has been successfully working toward
those goals and has met specific targeted benchmarks throughout the last six
months, and we will remain focussed on these crucial objectives during the
coming year.

Economic development has been and will continue to remain in the forefront. The
administration has undertaken several key initiatives designed to facilitate
economic development in Worcester. First, all development services and personnel
have been realigned in order to build a strong development team and structure.
Second, by coordinating the delivery of development services in one location, a
one-stop regulatory and permitting process has become fully operational. Third,
we have and will continue to build strong public-private partnerships to support
and drive our development agenda.

The city of Worcester has begun to reap the rewards of its program of targeted
public investments, evidenced by the magnitude of development projects proposed
or under way. The administration recently released a comprehensive report on its
public and private development activities that profiled 70 development projects
and plans that were recently completed or are under way, proposed or under
negotiation. Total estimated project costs of these development initiatives
exceed $2 billion and are anticipated to create or retain thousands of jobs at
full build-out over the next few years.

At maximum capacity, these projects and plans have the ability to generate
millions in local tax revenues based upon projected expansion of the tax base.
While market and economic conditions will determine the actual level of
build-out over the next few years, the economic impact analyses are clear
indicators of the tremendous potential inherent in these initiatives.

The city administration recognizes the importance of prioritizing these
initiatives in order to focus on several key projects toward which our resources
must be directed in order to bring these projects to fruition. Thus, we have
identified seven High Impact Projects'' to vigorously pursue over the next 12 to
24 months. These critical projects and plans will have tremendous economic
impact on both the local and regional economies. This is a strong testimony to
the resurgence of Worcester's economy over the past six to 12 months. Worcester
has not benefited from such an aggressive development agenda in decades, driven
primarily by an unparalleled level of private investment. These dynamic projects
will have tremendous economic impact on both the local and regional economies,
quantifiable by jobs, new tax revenues, commercial and industrial occupancy
figures and increased visitors to the area. The magnitude of these initiatives
demonstrates that Worcester truly is the right place, at the right time.

In the area of revenue enhancement, the administration was successful in
achieving an improved bond rating, thereby reducing the cost of borrowing. We
will continue to reduce the city's debt through creative budgeting strategies
and capping certain municipal expenditures.

Public safety continues to be a top priority of the administration. The
Abandoned Building Task Force recently released a comprehensive report which
outlines strategies to address the problem of abandoned and vacant properties
which has received the full support of the local, state and federal governments.
Subsequently, a $100,000 grant was awarded to the City by FEMA to develop a
program to implement the task force's 26 critical recommendations.

I have appointed an 11-member Implementation Committee which has already begun
its work and will submit a draft ordinance later this month for securing
abandoned buildings. Further public safety initiatives include the deployment of
a special downtown unit upon graduation of the upcoming class of recruits this
summer, thus strengthening the image of the downtown as a safe haven for
visitors and residents alike. This spring, the administration plans to sponsor a
gun buyback program in cooperation with the District Attorney which is
anticipated to result in the removal of 500 dangerous weapons from our streets.

Continuing to enhance the city's transportation network is a key component of
the agenda for the coming year. Massport took over operations of the Worcester
Regional Airport in January of 2000. Since then, two major airlines, Delta/ASA
and American Eagle, began service to Atlanta and New York respectively, joining
U.S. Airways Express with service to Philadelphia. There are now nine departures
daily vs. five one year ago. In December, the airport celebrated its
100,000th-passenger mark, over doubling its capacity compared to 1999.
Additional capital improvements exceeding $6.3 million are planned or under way.

The redesign of Washington Square will result in the creation of four
developable parcels adjacent to Union Station, providing for the construction of
a parking garage, a potential hotel, and other uses in support of the Intermodal
Transportation Center at Union Station.

In a year marked by both overwhelming tragedy and tangible successes, I remain
optimistic that the process of rebuilding Worcester will continue to gain
momentum throughout the coming year. I look forward to continuing to serve the
city in my capacity as city manager and to spearhead these critical efforts to
position Worcester for growth into the next century. Thomas R. Hoover is the
city manager of Worcester.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2001 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces State Investment in Downtown Reading
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 463  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


the state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the addition of 75 jobs in the downtown
Reading area resulting from the Goggleworks II project. The project is funded,
in part, by a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced
earlier this year.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said. "We are transforming downtown spaces into thriving areas of
culture and entertainment. Goggleworks II continues this by creating a special
place where creativity and innovation can come together to build a stronger
reading and a stronger Pennsylvania."

The EGI grant, awarded to Our City Reading, Inc. and the City of Reading will
support construction of a retail, commercial and residential complex at Second
and Washington Streets. The project consists of two distinct phases, each being
developed and built simultaneously.

The first phase, is the Incubator phase, which is intended to provide a
live/work opportunity for area artists. The incubator will be built within the
annex building adjacent to Goggleworks and  provide for 25 live/work apartments,
with one (1) bedroom, one (1) bath, studio and living space--with each apartment
averaging approximately 1,300 square feet. There is also planned common space
spread throughout the building, including gallery and lobby space as well as
landscaping and pavilion space on the outside rear of the building.

The second phase, to be built at the same time, will renovate two commercial
units to occupy space alongside Panevino's Restaurant and regional television
station, Channel 69.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   August 30, 1996 Friday METRO FINAL EDITION

TAKING THE INITIATIVE;
THE MCKNIGHT FOUNDATION CELEBRATES THE SUCCESS OF A DECADE OF RURAL DEVELOPMENT
FUNDING AND DECIDES TO COMMIT TO FIVE MORE YEARS.

BYLINE: Dave Beal, Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; Foundations; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 962 words


The McKnight Foundation, about to mark the 10th anniversary of its popular
economic development funds serving outstate Minnesota, has decided to back them
for five more years.

Michael O'Keefe, executive vice president of the foundation, estimated Thursday
that the new commitment will pump another $30 million out to the region by the
year 2001.

That's good news for the 80 counties making up the non-metro, particularly since
this money is only one piece of the action. The $30 million in direct investment
in outstate Minnesota is expected to provide the "gap financing" needed to
attract yet more capital and to generate spinoff activity beyond the companies
benefiting directly from the funds' support.

Over the last decade, McKnight officials estimate that the initiative funds -
dubbed as "the MIFs" in the closely knit world of community development in
Minnesota - have had an economic impact of more than $400 million.

Some 6,650 loans and grants account for about $92 million of that amount.

That money, in turn, has shaken loose another $270 million in investment from
other foundations, public agencies and private financing sources.

Another $68 million has been socked away in endowments at newly created
nonprofits in each of the six initiative funds' regions. These entities, which
function somewhat like the Minneapolis and St. Paul Foundations but on a smaller
scale, equip the regions with new treasuries to tap for development purposes.

McKnight officials estimate that the MIFs have now created or retained some
14,000 jobs sprinkled through the 80 nonmetro counties. Generally, these jobs
are at smaller manufacturing or manufacturing-like businesses.

Three years ago, experiences with the MIFs led McKnight to shape a smaller urban
initiatives program to serve the more needy parts of the Twin Cities area.

Lisa Anderson, an associate at The Stevens Group consulting firm in St. Paul,
was part of an assessment team there that was hired to appraise the performance
of the MIFs.

Asked for a summary of the firm's findings, she said: "Overall, the funds have
become recognized as key players in their regions.

"They have developed a solid base of grants, loans and other funding initiatives
that are responsive to their communities.

"The key challenge for the funds is to become self-sufficient by attracting
resources from within the region."

One issue, in evaluating the funds' performance, is how much of their loan money
has been written off as unrecoverable.

MIF loan-trackers put that figure at 8 percent. There's no established measure
of whether that's good or bad, since the MIFs represent a pioneering effort and
one goal is to make some loans that carry significant risk. O'Keefe thinks the 8
percent is "modest ... neither too high nor too low."

The Minneapolis-based McKnight Foundation, formed in 1953 with endowments from
3M executive William L. McKnight, launched the initiative funds in the
mid-1980s. The move was a response to growing concerns about sagging economies
in many parts of outstate Minnesota.

The foundation set up MIFs in six regions of the state: central, west-central,
southeastern, southwestern, northwest and northeast. McKnight officials then
helped leaders in each of the regions to develop the MIFs on their own to
distribute and oversee the McKnight money.

Generally, the foundation, Minnesota's largest, has been steering about a fifth
of its money to the MIFs. Last year, for example, $10.9 million of its $55.7
million in total grants went to the initiative funds.

The impact of the funds has been picking up in the same way savings grow through
compounded interest, as economic activity feeds upon itself in the various
regions. McKnight officials estimate that of the 14,000 jobs created and
retained by the MIFs, 12,600 have come since 1991.

"I'm surprised at the diversity of the businesses," O'Keefe said of the
companies being financed by the MIFs.

"There are some very successful enterprises out there. I think there's probably
an image among people in the metro area that it's all farming and rural and
therefore not sophisticated. That is incorrect."

In Spicer, 100 miles west of the Twin Cities, MIF loans have been pivotal in
helping 12-year-old Marketing Concepts of Minnesota grow to 46 employees today
from just five in 1987. The company, which offers graphic arts, printing and
telephone sales services, gets most of its business from beyond the state.

"We wouldn't have grown as rapidly and gotten as big without the fund," says
Mary Nelson, comptroller.

In McGregor, on the edge of the Iron Range, MIF money has helped Minnesota
Specialty Crops expand a food product line that now ranges from wild berry wine
to maple syrup and wild rice.

In the Rochester area, MIF money has helped a number of companies to diversify
in the wake of big job cutbacks at IBM's massive computer factory.

O'Keefe wants the MIFs to focus more on the special needs of their differing
regions and keep getting better at raising money for their endowments.

He cites several trends among the funds' beneficiaries: a greater emphasis on
high-tech products that can be made almost anywhere; more focus on processes
that add value to goods and services; and more complex financing packages.

The MIFs plan to celebrate their 10th anniversary at a two-day conference next
month in Duluth.

Another measure of their success: the frequent calls O'Keefe gets from other
foundations or development officials asking for information about them.

"It's still regarded as a unique approach to addressing the needs of rural
communities," says O'Keefe.

Dave Beal is senior business editor. His column appears Sundays, Mondays and
Fridays.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Catherine Whipple, Pioneer Press
Production inspector Fabian Mazuera works on a disk drive circuit assembly at
Pemstar Inc.'s contract manufacturing plant in Rochester. Pemstar, which now
employs 225 workers, was launched by former IBM employees who lost their jobs
when IBM moved its disk drive production line out of Rochester. Pemstar's
founders got early financial support for developing a financial plan from the
McKnight Foundation's rural initiatives fund.

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 26, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

Safeway Teams With Southeast D.C. To Develop a Marketplace of Hope

Rudolph A. Pyatt Jr.

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. C07; RUDOLPH A. PYATT JR.

LENGTH: 915 words


What seemed like a good idea three years ago when Safeway Inc. purchased the
site of a former Sears department store in Southeast D.C. is turning out even
better than anyone, including Safeway officials, had anticipated.

A retail center being developed by Safeway on the 11-acre site, at the
intersection of Alabama Avenue and Good Hope Road SE, is arguably one of the
more significant commercial projects to be built in the District in nearly three
decades.

It is without question one of the city's more important developments involving a
major corporation and a community-based organization and could become a model
for similar projects in other underserved communities.

When completed next spring, the center, Good Hope Marketplace, will employ about
200 people and be anchored by a 62,000-square-foot Safeway supermarket and
pharmacy, one of the largest in all of metropolitan Washington. Most of the
remaining 35,000 square feet of space has been leased to other retail tenants,
according to officials in Safeway's eastern division headquarters in Landover.

There have been bigger and more upscale projects built in the District, to be
sure. However, none can compare with Good Hope Marketplace in terms of the
potential or actual economic impact on the surrounding community.

Good Hope Marketplace is, in short, the essence of community development, the
importance of which is ignored all too often in the general planning and
implementation of economic development strategy in the District.

What sets Good Hope Marketplace apart from most community developments -- aside
from the initiative by Safeway -- is an agreement that ultimately will give
control of the project to a community-based organization.

Under that agreement, the Anacostia Economic Development Corp. (AEDC), will
purchase Good Hope Marketplace from Safeway, probably between March and April,
for an estimated $ 11.5 million to $ 13 million.

The AEDC will finance acquisition of the project primarily through an $ 11.5
million loan from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and an
economic development initiative grant of $ 1 million. The HUD loan is backed by
the District's pledge of community block grants in support of the acquisition by
the AEDC.

"We think this is going to be one of the premier developments in the city . . .
and a good deal for the community," said Larry Johnson, a Safeway official.
"We're excited that a local group would put the deal together. This is something
that will blossom right in their own back yard. We plan to stay in the game with
them [as management advisers] until the transition is completed.

"The AEDC will have a tremendous opportunity to make a difference in the
lifestyles of a lot of people in that community and in providing jobs for people
there," Johnson continued. "We're certainly hopeful that [the retail center]
will be a model for things to come."

Safeway deserves credit for its decision to expand in Anacostia rather than
pulling out of the community as most retailers have done since the 1960s.

Good Hope Marketplace is across Alabama Avenue from an older and smaller retail
center in which both Safeway and Giant Food Inc. operate outdated stores with
less than 25,000 square feet each. Though the old Safeway store is much larger
than the Giant store, newer supermarkets in the suburbs typically contain about
55,000 square feet of retail space.

By building one of its superstores at Good Hope Marketplace, Safeway has more
than demonstrated its commitment to the surrounding area, while proving to other
retailers that the community's consumer retail food market is as strong as those
found in most pockets of metropolitan Washington.

What began as a plan to build a replacement supermarket evolved into a decision
by Safeway to build a retail center, a further statement of the company's
confidence in the ability of the market there to support broad retail services.

The third phase of Safeway's involvement -- the deal with the AEDC -- may be the
company's greatest contribution to the revitalization and stability of the
community. Ultimately, the quality of life for Anacostia residents may be better
as a result.

In addition to owning and managing the property, the AEDC plans to sell up to 10
percent of the project to neighborhood residents, thus giving them an
opportunity to be not just consumers but investors with a stake in the project's
success.

"That's the whole point," said Albert "Butch" Hopkins Jr., president and chief
executive of AEDC. "What we do here will set the framework for what can be done"
in other D.C. communities.

The shopping center is just one way in which AEDC hopes to improve the economy
and the quality of life in the Anacostia community, a mostly low-income,
sprawling patchwork of neighborhoods east of the Anacostia River.

"We believe if we create more homeowners, they will be able to pay more real
estate taxes, invest in goods and services and become more involved in the
public schools," Hopkins said.

Founded in 1969 as a business development assistance organization, the AEDC was
subsequently reorganized as a nonprofit corporation to address economic
development needs in far Southeast D.C.

By most standards applied to major retail developments, Good Hope Marketplace is
a relatively small project. It, nonetheless, represents a reaffirmation that
even poor communities can contribute to a city's tax base if given the
opportunity.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              June 27, 2011 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

City geared up to host second gala of pottery;
Organisers hoping to forge stronger links with industry heavyweights

BYLINE: DAVID JOHNSON

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 615 words


its second British Ceramics Biennial (BCB). Organisers are forging links with
pottery companies, craft producers and tourism agencies in a bid to maximise the
economic impact of the 2011 showcase. Analysis commissioned by the BCB found
that 2009's event received 35,000 visits and had an economic impact of £2.1
million. But some firms in the city felt the first BCB offered a limited
platform for volume producers and industrial ceramics manufacturers, focusing
instead on pottery as art. This year Kevin Oakes, managing director at
Middleport tableware maker Steelite International, has been drafted in to build
links with larger companies. Mr Oakes said: "I certainly didn't feel there was
sufficient engagement with industry in 2009. "I see the BCB this time as a great
way for industry to continue the message that the Potteries is still very much
on the map." Industry initiatives include a Great Wall at the former Spode site
in Stoke - the focal point of this year's event - which will be given over
exclusively to members of trade body the British Ceramic Confederation. And
three open weekends will give firms the opportunity to showcase their businesses
to corporate and leisure visitors, and to encourage young people to consider a
career in the sector.

Mr Oakes said: "This is a great opportunity to showcase everything that is great
about the industry. "In difficult times this country needs manufacturing to get
us out of recession. What we have in Stoke-on-Trent is a prime example of how we
can do that. "This city has some hugely successful companies like Steelite
International and we, as a city, should take pride in what we produce here."
Funding for the BCB has come from the Arts Council and Stoke-on-Trent City
Council, while independent grant-making organisation the Paul Hamlyn Foundation
is paying for a community and education co-ordinator who starts this week.
Organisers admit that spending cuts have made cash harder to come by this time
round, with £300,000 secured before smaller sponsorship deals compared to more
than £500,000 in 2009. But they believe the event plays a key part in marketing
the city, and point to research that showed people's perceptions of
Stoke-on-Trent's cultural offering improved significantly after visiting the
festival.

And almost 90 per cent of respondents to a survey of BCB attendees stated that
the event had a positive impact on their perception of Stoke-on-Trent. Director
Barney Hare Duke, pictured below, said: "There was a feel-good factor and the
fact that it seemed to be a valuable addition to the national cultural calendar.
"The evidence for that is that the Arts Council has funded us to the same level
as last time and they have advised us to come back to them for funding for the
next two years. "We always said it wasn't a glorious one-off. It's a valuable
event for Stoke-on-Trent as a city and it has a tangible legacy. "People should
be excited. There's that sense of pride about the city hosting a nationally and
internationally-significant event."

The programme of events for this year's BCB has not yet been revealed, but it
will feature exhibitions by inter nationally-renowned ceramicists and artists,
industry events and competitions for new talent. It runs from September 30 to
November 13. Fellow BCB director Jeremy Theophilus added: "In 2009, there was a
lot of regeneration money around so we're extremely grateful that the council
have stuck to their guns. They could easily have said this isn't appropriate at
the moment. "The key thing is what happens between the festivals and creating a
lasting legacy." How should the BCB involve the pottery industry? Email us at
businessdesk@ thesentinel.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                      Copyright 2011 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

Scott's bold cancer initiative will pay off for years

BYLINE: MARK DELEGAL; Special to The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Views; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 709 words



HIGHLIGHT: Cancer centers


For years, Tampa's H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute has been
a source of hope and pride not only for the people of the Tampa Bay region, but
for the entire state of Florida.

It is the only comprehensive cancer center in Florida designated by the National
Cancer Institute (NCI), and one of only 41 such institutions nationwide.  But
this accomplishment is not enough in a state of 19 million people. Other large
states have many more. For example, California has 10, New York has six, and
Texas has four.

Gov. Rick Scott has proposed to invest $60 million annually on cancer research,
teaching and patient care over a period of five years. This is an increase of
$39 million annually for cancer research, teaching and patient care, and results
in a $300 million investment in the fight against cancer over the next five
years. This additional funding will help the University of Florida Health Cancer
Center, the UF Health Cancer Center at Orlando Health, and the University of
Miami's Sylvester Comprehensive Cancer Center become NCI-designated as
comprehensive cancer centers. The NCI is an affiliate of the National Institutes
of Health, and its designation is the gold standard for cancer centers and
cancer care and research nationwide.

Scott's initiative is a bold, foresighted move that will have a positive impact
for virtually everyone in Florida for many years to come. Scott's announcement
was widely cheered by the leaders of Florida's university-based cancer research
centers and the state's Surgeon General. Here's why.

The biggest killer in Florida is cancer. This year, about 115,000 Floridians are
going to be diagnosed with some form of cancer.  And this number keeps growing.

Our state ranks second in the nation in cancer incidence and mortality. By some
estimates, we could move into first place soon. Our population is again growing,
and it's estimated that we have passed New York to become the third most
populous state in the nation.

And yet, despite our growing population, New York has five more NCI-designated
institutions than Florida. We need to do better.

In order to be awarded the NCI designation, a hospital must compete successfully
for the Cancer Center Support Grant through a rigorous three-stage peer-review
process. This process evaluates the breadth and depth of the cancer center's
research programs with special focus on how the cancer center adds value to the
research conducted by its members.

Having NCI-designated cancer centers is important because it helps move Florida
into a national leadership role for cancer research and treatment. This would be
very good news for cancer patients and their families, especially those who live
in Florida who would have more treatment options available closer to home.

The more talented researchers and medical professionals we can bring to Florida
in finding cures and treatments for cancer, the better.

In addition to adding important capabilities to cancer research and treatment,
the NCI designation has significant economic impacts on the institutions and
communities in which they are based.

For example one recent economic study suggests the NCI designation could help
create more than 200 new jobs and several hundred million dollars in regional
economic impact for a single institution. That is a dramatic return on
investment.

This same study found that NCI designation significantly improves a facility's
ability to attract top-tier cancer physicians, researchers and their teams,
helping provide Florida patients with more innovative cancer treatment options.

The presence of top-tier medical talent, in turn, attracts more patients who are
seeking the best care available closer to home.

And this, in turn, will lead to a positive cycle that generates more
opportunities to fund higher levels of research, potentially saving and
improving more people's lives. By calling for a bold budget allocation to help
more Florida research institutions achieve NCI designation, Scott made a
strategic move that has the potential to help Florida move into a national
leadership role in cancer research, teaching and patient care.

Mark Delegal is a partner with Holland & Knight's Government Advocacy Team and
represents UF Health Shands Cancer Hospital.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      January 18, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

PECO: Montgomery County Foundation Receives $20,000 Grant from PECO

LENGTH: 471  words


New Delhi, Jan. 18 -- The Montgomery County Foundation, Inc has received a
$20,000 grant from PECO in support of Creative MontCo, an initiative to shape
the arts and cultural and economic future of communities throughout Montgomery
County. The grant was presented at today's Montgomery County Board of
Commissioners Meeting.



PECO is the first corporation to support the implementation of Creative MontCo's
ten-year plan geared toward encouraging economic growth, providing increased
opportunities for artists and other "creatives," and enhancing educational
opportunities for students and adults in Montgomery County. In 2011, PECO
provided a $5,000 grant to support the creation of the Creative MontCo plan.

"We applaud Creative MontCo for taking on this ambitious initiative and are
proud to be the first corporate partner to help support the implementation of
this robust plan," said Romona Riscoe Benson, PECO manager of Corporate
Relations. "This plan will help link many different organizations and
individuals together, providing a resource for growth, promote the sharing of
new ideas, and help foster enhanced opportunities for arts and culture
activities throughout the county."

Creative MontCo unveiled its 10-year plan, MontCo's Creative Edge: A Creative
Report for Montgomery County, in September. Emerging from a comprehensive
research effort that included 1,900 participants from all 62 municipalities in
Montgomery County, the plan looks to leverage the region's abundant cultural and
creative resources to enhance economic development and community revitalization
efforts, support image development and branding of the County, and strengthen
ties between the creative sector and other sectors of Montgomery County. The
full plan is available online at www.creativemontco.org.

"As an early supporter of Creative MontCo, PECO is a stellar example of an
organization that understands the powerful impact that cultural and creative
resources can have on the economic development and revitalization of our
communities," said Dr. Karen A. Stout, Creative MontCo chair and president of
Montgomery County Community College. "We are pleased that PECO is continuing to
fund this important work as the first corporate sponsor to support the
implementation of Creative MontCo's ten-year plan. PECO's gift will inspire the
more than 100 volunteers serving on implementation committees and will enable
them to forge forward until enough funds are raised to develop a more formal
infrastructure."

Arts and culture organizations have an economic impact of more than $1 billion
on our local economy. Through PECO-sponsored programs we help people of all ages
and backgrounds enjoy and experience the arts throughout our region. In 2012 we
invested over $1 million in the performing and visual arts in the Philadelphia
5-county region.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces Groundbreaking Partnership Between New York
Genome Center & Technion-Israel Institute of Technology to Accelerate
Advancements in Life Sciences

LENGTH: 1282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Office of the Governor of New York has issued the following news
release:



  Following a New York State-Israel Economic Development working lunch with
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat and Israeli business leaders at the King David Hotel
in Jerusalem, Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced a groundbreaking new
partnership between the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and the New York
Genome Center. Harnessing the entrepreneurial experience of Technion and the
world-class research capacity of the Genome Center, this collaboration will
bring together global leaders to accelerate biomedical research, advanced
genomics, treatments and clinical applications, and foster the commercialization
and job creation capacities of the life sciences industry.





 Both the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and the New York Genome Center
have significant expertise in bioinformatics and computational biology.  The New
York Genome Center uses this expertise to advance discovery in genomics. Through
collaboration with leading scientists at the Technion-Israel Institute of
Technology, genomics research will be accelerated in novel ways, which will
benefit the broader community and provide economic benefits for New York and
Israel.



 "New York and Israel share an unbreakable bond and through this innovative
partnership we are further strengthening our economic ties and cementing our
common future," Governor Cuomo said. "The Empire State is leading the way in
groundbreaking life sciences research, and by bringing together these two
industry titans, we are positioning New York at the forefront of the next
generation of medical research and discovery."



 Through this collaboration, the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology will
share its entrepreneurial expertise and demonstrated capacity to translate
research into commercially successful life science applications. In turn, the
Technion-Israel Institute of Technology will have the opportunity to advance the
groundbreaking research taking place at the Genome Center. Together, the
Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and the Genome Center will advance the
field of genomics and personalized medicine, with the goal of bringing
therapeutic benefits to the world and enhancing the status of both Israel and
New York as global leaders in the life sciences.



 "The New York Genome Center prizes entrepreneurial spirit, innovation and
discovery, and the Technion has built its significant success on these
principles. We look forward to forging new paths in genomic research through
this collaboration, leveraging the unique strengths of each institution to
advance discovery in genomics. We are grateful to Governor Cuomo for his
continued leadership in advancing the work of life sciences organizations in New
York and internationally, and we thank the Partnership for New York City for its
commitment to the sector," said Cheryl A. Moore, President and COO of the New
York Genome Center.



 "Five years ago we partnered with Cornell University to establish the Jacobs
Institute that aims to advance the technology sector in NYC. Now, we are
thrilled to partner with New York Genome Center and this time our goal is even
broader - to advance genomics research that will benefit people worldwide.
Technion is proud to partake with the State of New York in widening the bridge
that connects Israel and the US and we are grateful to Governor Cuomo for his
leadership and foresight in strengthening the relations between our people,"
said Professor Peretz Lavie, President of the Technion-Israel Institute of
Technology.



 The New York Genome Center serves as a state-of-the-art hub for genome
sequencing, analytics, bioinformatics, high-performance computing, and research
and connects, services, and collaborates with academic, research, and medical
institutions, as well as pharmaceutical, biotech, and IT companies. The New York
Genome Center was created by twelve of America's leading medical research
institutions with a goal of translating genomic research into development of new
treatments, therapies and therapeutics against human disease.



 The Technion-Israel Institute of Technology Integrated Cancer Center advances
the discovery of new diagnostic tools and cancer treatments. Through the
interaction of researchers in all areas of science, from engineers and
clinicians to oncologists, basic scientific discoveries are translated into life
saving treatments. This innovative, multidisciplinary approach, when partnered
with the New York Genome Center, has the potential to dramatically advance
cancer genomic research and the application of the knowledge to the betterment
of humankind.



 This partnership builds on New York's position at the forefront of life
sciences research. In December 2016 Governor Cuomo announced a new $650 million
initiative to spur the growth of a new, world-class life science research
cluster in New York, as well as expand the state's ability to commercialize this
research and grow the economy. This multi-faceted initiative includes $250
million in tax incentives for new and existing life science companies, $200
million in state capital grants to support investment in wet-lab and innovation
space, $100 million in investment capital for early stage life science
initiatives, with an additional match of at least $100 million for operating
support from private sector partnerships.



 The Life Science sector encompasses the fields of biotechnology,
pharmaceuticals, biomedical technologies, life systems technologies, and
includes organizations and institutions that devote the majority of their
efforts to the various stages of research, development, technology transfer and
commercialization. Every day, firms in this sector are developing new medical
and pharmaceutical breakthroughs that have the potential to save lives, whether
through new therapies or the early detection of diseases like autism and cancer.
These firms are also making significant advancements in the realms of
agriculture and environmental biotechnologies, helping create a cleaner and more
sustainable future.



 Under Governor Cuomo's leadership, New York has made unprecedented investments
in the knowledge economy. Over the past five years, New York's Centers for
Advanced Technology and Centers of Excellence programs helped create or retain
more than 22,000 jobs and generate approximately $4.9 billion in economic impact
. Additionally, the Governor's Innovation Hot Spots and New York State Certified
Business Incubators programs, which provide mentorship, shared facilities and
product development services to early-stage companies, have generated over $177
million in economic impact in their first year. New York Manufacturing Extension
Partnership, which assists small manufacturers to design and implement product
and process innovation, helped create or retain over 20,000 jobs and generated
nearly $3.4 billion in economic impact.



 Acting through the pioneering programs of the New York State Department of
Health's Wadsworth Center Laboratory, Governor Cuomo has also invested more than
$216 million to further basic, applied, translational or other research and
development activities that will advance scientific discoveries in fields
related to stem cell biology through the New York State Stem Cell Science
program; $5.5 million to support breast cancer research studies and education
projects through the Health Research and Science Board program; and $24 million
in research grants to find a cure for spinal cord injuries through the Spinal
Cord Injury Research Board.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             March 3, 2011 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

UNIVERSITIES CREATE JOBS, TOO;
PENNSYLVANIA'S STATE-RELATED SCHOOLS DO MORE THAN EDUCATE

BYLINE: Ann Weaver Hart, Ivory Nelson, Mark A. Nordenberg and Graham Spanier.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 760 words


This article was submitted on behalf of university presidents Ann Weaver Hart,
Ivory Nelson, Mark A. Nordenberg and Graham Spanier.

*

Ask most experts about ways to end the economic recession and job creation tops
the list, followed closely by quality education and investment opportunities. If
so, Pennsylvania's state-related institutions of higher learning may prove more
valuable than ever.

Most of us think of state-related institutions as popular schools providing
outstanding higher education at an affordable prices for tens of thousands of
students annually. Penn State University, the University of Pittsburgh, Lincoln
University and Temple University together provide high-quality education each
year for more than 170,000 students, 150,000 of whom are Pennsylvania residents.

This alone has a powerful economic impact, considering tuition and student,
faculty, staff and visitor spending. But these institutions also are vital
engines for Pennsylvania's economy. They employ more than 68,000 people, with a
combined economic impact estimated at nearly $30 billion a year. Consider:

* Penn State is one of Pennsylvania's largest non-government employers, with
44,000 full- and part-time employees who generate more than $800 million in
research spending each year. It ranks in the Top 10 nationally in science and
engineering research expenditures, including more than $100 million annually in
industry-sponsored R&D. Penn State generates more than $17 billion a year in
economic impact.

* Pitt was awarded $737 million in research funding in fiscal 2009, more than
$700 million of which came from non-Pennsylvania sources. Aside from offering
tremendous opportunities for research, that funding alone also supports more
than 26,000 jobs in Pennsylvania and represents a $4 return on every $1 of
Pitt's state appropriation.

* Temple has embarked on a campus investment initiative called "Temple 20/20" to
transform its North Philadelphia campus and generate $1.2 billion worth of new
construction and jobs over the next decade. An estimated $300 million in
projects are planned for 2011.

* Lincoln, the nation's first historically black college or university, operates
on a smaller scale but is critical to the economy of southeastern Pennsylvania.
In addition to its historic campus, it operates the esteemed Urban Center of
Philadelphia as an inner city job-training and employment opportunity hub.

Our institutions are steady employers whose consistent growth provides new job
and investment opportunities.

In August, the federal government announced that a research consortium headed by
Penn State (including Pitt) bested more than 100 competitors nationwide to earn
a $129 million grant to develop an "energy innovation hub" at the Philadelphia
Navy Yard. This grant -- the largest in the university's history -- is aimed at
developing sustainable technologies that save energy and reduce pollution.
Experts believe these technologies will create new businesses and as many as
100,000 "green sector" jobs in the next decade.

In addition to being the nation's sixth-largest provider of professional
education, Temple is a leader in practical research to improve lives, spending
more than $97 million in 2010. Its Keystone Institute for Translational Medicine
serves one of the most diverse patient populations in the country, working to
cure diseases that disproportionately affect urban and rural Pennsylvanians,
including lung disease, diabetes, hypertension, obesity and specific cancers.
Temple's School of Pharmacy will soon begin building the first integrated drug
discovery center in Greater Philadelphia.

At Pitt, which ranks in the Top 10 of university recipients of federal science
and engineering research awards, the Office of Technology Management is creating
new business opportunities out of ideas emerging from the lab and classroom.
Over the past seven years, OTM's efforts have helped start 40 companies in
Pennsylvania -- start-ups that create employment and generate tax revenue for
local and state coffers. During the past three years, the university has
averaged $140.7 million in construction projects annually, which generated 1,300
jobs and $51 million in personal income.

We recognize that Pennsylvania faces difficult budget decisions in the coming
months, and that there are no easy answers to the state's financial crisis. But
we also urge lawmakers to recognize that in addition to representing tremendous
educational value, state-related institutions of higher education are vital to
the commonwealth's continued economic recovery.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ann Weaver Hart is president of Temple University, Ivory V. Nelson is
president of Lincoln University, Mark A. Nordenberg is chancellor of the
University of Pittsburgh and Graham Spanier is president of Penn State
University./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces State Investment in Downtown Reading
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


the state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the addition of 75 jobs in the downtown
Reading area resulting from the Goggleworks II project. The project is funded,
in part, by a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced
earlier this year.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said. "We are transforming downtown spaces into thriving areas of
culture and entertainment. Goggleworks II continues this by creating a special
place where creativity and innovation can come together to build a stronger
reading and a stronger Pennsylvania."

The EGI grant, awarded to Our City Reading, Inc. and the City of Reading will
support construction of a retail, commercial and residential complex at Second
and Washington Streets. The project consists of two distinct phases, each being
developed and built simultaneously.

The first phase, is the Incubator phase, which is intended to provide a
live/work opportunity for area artists. The incubator will be built within the
annex building adjacent to Goggleworks and  provide for 25 live/work apartments,
with one (1) bedroom, one (1) bath, studio and living space--with each apartment
averaging approximately 1,300 square feet. There is also planned common space
spread throughout the building, including gallery and lobby space as well as
landscaping and pavilion space on the outside rear of the building.

The second phase, to be built at the same time, will renovate two commercial
units to occupy space alongside Panevino's Restaurant and regional television
station, Channel 69.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com/


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces State Investment in Downtown Reading
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


the state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the addition of 75 jobs in the downtown
Reading area resulting from the Goggleworks II project. The project is funded,
in part, by a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative (EGI) grant announced
earlier this year.

"Economic Growth Initiatives are energizing local economies around our state,"
Gov. Corbett said. "We are transforming downtown spaces into thriving areas of
culture and entertainment. Goggleworks II continues this by creating a special
place where creativity and innovation can come together to build a stronger
reading and a stronger Pennsylvania."

The EGI grant, awarded to Our City Reading, Inc. and the City of Reading will
support construction of a retail, commercial and residential complex at Second
and Washington Streets. The project consists of two distinct phases, each being
developed and built simultaneously.

The first phase, is the Incubator phase, which is intended to provide a
live/work opportunity for area artists. The incubator will be built within the
annex building adjacent to Goggleworks and  provide for 25 live/work apartments,
with one (1) bedroom, one (1) bath, studio and living space--with each apartment
averaging approximately 1,300 square feet. There is also planned common space
spread throughout the building, including gallery and lobby space as well as
landscaping and pavilion space on the outside rear of the building.

The second phase, to be built at the same time, will renovate two commercial
units to occupy space alongside Panevino's Restaurant and regional television
station, Channel 69.

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process transparent and
responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now selected based upon
their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability
and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 732  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Valerie Caras, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.depweb.state.pa.us

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Valerie Caras, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Valerie Caras, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Valerie Caras, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. For New Energy Infrastructure Project

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $3 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to Urban Outfitters, Inc. to install a 3 megawatt solar array
on the roof of its new direct-to-consumer fulfillment center in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County.

"Urban Outfitters is another great Pennsylvania success story," Corbett said.
"This new solar array will help power Urban's new Lancaster County fulfillment
center that will create at least 500 jobs."

In Sept. 2013, Urban Outfitters purchased a 51.9 acre tract in Salisbury
Township, Lancaster County to construct on that site a $110 million
direct-to-consumer fulfillment center which will measure 970,000 square feet.
The new fulfillment center will employ at least 500 employees when fully
operational, joining 117 existing employees working at an adjacent distribution
center.

This proposed solar array that will be built on top of the Lancaster County
fulfillment center would represent the largest roof mounted solar energy system
in Pennsylvania and the seventh largest energy system in Pennsylvania overall.
It will be registered with Pennsylvania's Alternative Energy Portfolio Systems
(AEPS) program. Operation of this solar array will cover up to 50 percent of
Urban Outfitter's energy needs at the site.

"Urban Outfitters had many options when deciding where to locate our new
fulfillment center but chose Pennsylvania because of its great workforce, the
cooperation we received from the Governor's office, as well as the support of
the local community including leadership at the county, local government, and
school board level.  We recognize Governor Corbett's personal involvement and
commitment to bringing these jobs to Pennsylvania. We appreciate the support
from the DCED, the Pennsylvania Legislature, and the Governor's Action Team, and
will continue to work with the Commonwealth to create opportunities for Urban
Outfitters and for the citizens of Pennsylvania," said David Ziel, Chief
Development Officer for Urban Outfitters, Inc.

"By partnering with job creators, we are building a stronger Pennsylvania,"
Corbett said. "I would also like to recognize and thank the legislative
delegation from Lancaster County for their support of this critical project."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Corbett.
"Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact: Valerie Caras, 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Report: Culture, history has $80m impact on region

BYLINE: David Falchek, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


July 24--Cultural and historic activity in the Lackawanna Heritage Valley
generates more than $80 million of economic activity annually, according to a
new study.

Tripp Umbach, a Pittsburgh-based consulting firm, will release the report this
morning at the office of the Lackawanna Heritage Valley group that commissioned
the study. The Lackawanna Heritage Valley is one of 49 national heritage areas
designated by Congress, charged with protecting natural, historic, cultural and
recreational resources by fostering collaboration.

Using a computer model called IMPLAN, the study broke down the economic impact
of heritage valley activities and the impact of Lackawanna Heritage Valley
partners in the 350 square mile area. Tripp Umbach conducted a national study of
economic impacts of the national heritage areas.

The study concluded that the Lackawanna Heritage Valley and its programs
generate $31.3 million in economic impact annually, supporting 386 jobs, and
generating $2 million in tax revenue through operations and tourism.

Expanding that wider to include heritage valley's 16 close partners -- everyone
from Steamtown National Historic Site and Lackawanna Historical Society to La
Festa Italiana and the Scranton Jazz Festival -- and the impact goes up to $80.7
million based on total visitation of 565,404 people annually.

While affiliated with and partially funded by the National Park Service,
national heritage areas are generally managed by nonprofit groups or
municipalities authorities. Lackawanna Heritage Valley is overseen by a county
authority, but the authority gets no money from the regular county budget and
relies on contributions to its nonprofit arm and state and federal grants.

The Lackawanna Heritage Valley may be best known for the Lackawanna Heritage
Trail, a 30-mile trail running along the Lackawanna River through 30
communities.

Matt Burne and his partners located Scranton Running Co. at the Electric City
Center just steps always from the trail. More than a sneaker store, Scranton
Running Co. has a training programs and special events, including the inaugural
Scranton Half Marathon that drew 2,500 runners last year.

"The trail offers a conducive environment for our product and we can have
coaching and a safe environment to run in," he said. "The people who use the
trail use our store and other businesses in the area."

When officials from the Health Initiative Coordinating Council visited Scranton
earlier this month for its Road to Wellville program, the one local health asset
founder Esther Dyson mentioned specifically was the trail.

The Lackawanna Heritage Valley offers additional amenities for visitors and
helps keep them in the area longer, said Bill Nalevanko, spokesman to the
Steamtown National Historic Site. Often, Steamtown visitors inquire about
walking trails and nearby attractions.

"We direct them to the office or right to the trail," he said. "We have a close
partnership with LHV that people don't see every day."

Contact the writer: dfalchek@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140724-YT-Report-Culture-history-has-80m-impact-on-region-0724-20140724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 2, 2012 Monday

BRIEF: Calhoun Ambulance Service seeks grant

BYLINE: Jacksonville Journal-Courier, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 204 words


July 02--The Calhoun Ambulance Service is applying for grant money to buy 24
handheld radios to improve communications.

Ambulance coordinator Anita Baecht told the county board that the service is
applying for a USDA Economic Impact Initiative Grant for $15,120. It is a 55/45
grant, so the service would pick up 45 percent of the cost.

"We want to improve our response time," Baecht said. "It will provide better
communications with the dispatcher."

Baecht hopes to submit the grant application soon and said she expects to hear
in 30 days whether it will be funded.

The county board also approved a new $2 charge on birth and death certificates.
County Clerk Rita Hagen said the fee has been in the county code for years but
never was charged. The fee is designed to defray the cost of vital record
storage.

Hagen said the state also has added a $2 fee on death certificates, which began
Sunday, for a cemetery oversight fund. So the death certificate charge will go
from $10 to $14, while the birth certificates will go from $8 to $10.

___ (c)2012 the Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) Visit the
Jacksonville Journal-Courier (Jacksonville, Ill.) at www.myjournalcourier.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120702-JJ-BRF-Calhoun-Ambulance-Service-seeks-grant-0702-20120702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JJ


                  Copyright 2012 Jacksonville Journal-Courier


                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                              June 18, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 410  words


No rush The latest report from the Access Card project's Consumer and Privacy
Taskforce has recommended a further review on the issue of whether voluntary
medical and emergency information should be able to be included in the card.
However, it said that the card should be an effective replacement for the Organ
Donor Card, while recommending further consideration of whether the card should
contain a "customer-controlled portion" for cardholders to load in information
of their choice. "There is no reason why this portion of the chip should not
remain for the sole use of the cardholder/owner, with this part of the card
having no functionality which interacts with any government department or
agency," the report says.

http://www.accesscard.gov.au/ taskforce-publications.html Bob on jobs Greens
Leader Bob Brown is moving to stifle the post-parliamentary careers of his
colleagues and opponents, particularly former Senator and Human Services
Minister, Ian Campbell. The former WA Senator was appointed last week as a non-
executive director of IT solutions provider ASG Group. Senator Brown said his
Lobbying and Ministerial Accountability Bill would impose a two-year restriction
on the kind of jobs former ministers and their advisers can accept. He said this
would prevent "ex-Smartcard minister" Campbell from having a role in the Access
Card project.

http://www.asggroup.com.au Start up Six University of Canberra students have
received inaugural "work integrated learning" scholarships provided by UC and
the Australian Computer Society Foundation. The $2000 cash grants are designed
to help students find work placements within industry.

http://www.canberra.edu.au/ schools/ise Green group The CIO Executive Council of
Australasia has launched a Sustainable ICT initiative. With ICT use causing an
estimated 2 per cent of global greenhouse gas emissions, the council says the
initiative is a response to the environmental and economic impact of energy use,
legal liability concerns surrounding device disposal, and the possible marketing
benefits of being seen to be green.

http://www.cioexecutivecouncil.com.auPeer party The Australian Information
Industry Association's ACT branch, the Australian Computer Society and
Canberra.NET are planning to host "Canberra's premier ICT industry networking
event" for the year. The cocktail shindig will start from 4.30pm on Tuesday,
June 26 at the Federal Golf Club.

https://www.aiia.com.au/ i-cms.isp?page=1732

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2007 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                              June 18, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 410  words


No rush The latest report from the Access Card project's Consumer and Privacy
Taskforce has recommended a further review on the issue of whether voluntary
medical and emergency information should be able to be included in the card.
However, it said that the card should be an effective replacement for the Organ
Donor Card, while recommending further consideration of whether the card should
contain a "customer-controlled portion" for cardholders to load in information
of their choice. "There is no reason why this portion of the chip should not
remain for the sole use of the cardholder/owner, with this part of the card
having no functionality which interacts with any government department or
agency," the report says.

http://www.accesscard.gov.au/ taskforce-publications.html Bob on jobs Greens
Leader Bob Brown is moving to stifle the post-parliamentary careers of his
colleagues and opponents, particularly former Senator and Human Services
Minister, Ian Campbell. The former WA Senator was appointed last week as a non-
executive director of IT solutions provider ASG Group. Senator Brown said his
Lobbying and Ministerial Accountability Bill would impose a two-year restriction
on the kind of jobs former ministers and their advisers can accept. He said this
would prevent "ex-Smartcard minister" Campbell from having a role in the Access
Card project.

http://www.asggroup.com.au Start up Six University of Canberra students have
received inaugural "work integrated learning" scholarships provided by UC and
the Australian Computer Society Foundation. The $2000 cash grants are designed
to help students find work placements within industry.

http://www.canberra.edu.au/ schools/ise Green group The CIO Executive Council of
Australasia has launched a Sustainable ICT initiative. With ICT use causing an
estimated 2 per cent of global greenhouse gas emissions, the council says the
initiative is a response to the environmental and economic impact of energy use,
legal liability concerns surrounding device disposal, and the possible marketing
benefits of being seen to be green.

http://www.cioexecutivecouncil.com.auPeer party The Australian Information
Industry Association's ACT branch, the Australian Computer Society and
Canberra.NET are planning to host "Canberra's premier ICT industry networking
event" for the year. The cocktail shindig will start from 4.30pm on Tuesday,
June 26 at the Federal Golf Club.

https://www.aiia.com.au/ i-cms.isp?page=1732

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 14, 1996 Saturday

CARLSON LAUNCHES INITIATIVE TO DOUBLE FUNDING FOR ARTS

BYLINE: Maria Douglas Reeve, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 435 words


From Warroad to Brainerd to Winona to Moorhead, Gov. Arne Carlson wants to
spread a sense of community around the state through the arts.

The new Carlson Initiative for the Arts announced this week dedicates $12
million in the 1998-1999 biennium to the growth and support of the state's arts
community.

That amount doubles current state arts funding - good news for the more than
1,700 arts organizations in the state.

The initiative has several components and will provide new funds that will
enable:

Major arts groups to increase their touring in outstate Minnesota. Six major
performing arts organizations will tour outstate.

Communities throughout the state to create their own arts festivals. About
$500,000 will be used annually to fund a series of 12 arts festivals.

The State Arts Board to increase grant programs to art institutions and artists
and for art activities in schools.

The 11 Regional Arts Councils to further support community and small arts
organizations.

Since Carlson took office in 1991, arts funding has increased 80 percent, said
the governor's press secretary, Brian Dietz.

"It's a very positive thing to have that kind of support from the governor,"
said Jon Kranney, artistic director for The Children's Theatre Company. "It's
not only the money, it's the endorsement and the belief that this is an
important part of our culture."

The arts have a billion-dollar economic impact in the state, and there are more
than 30,000 full-time artists here.

"It's the single largest step forward that the state of Minnesota has taken to
support the arts," said Larry Redmond, lobbyist for Minnesota Citizens for the
Arts, a statewide arts advocacy group.

It will enable groups such as The Children's Theatre, which has just completed a
Midwest and statewide tour of its production of "A Mark Twain Story Book," to
continue and perhaps expand its touring of the state.

Robert Booker, acting executive director of the State Arts Board, said Carlson
approached the board months ago with the idea. He said he is pleased the
governor acknowledged the role the arts play in the economy as well as the
quality of life in the state.

At the announcement this week, Carlson talked about his father, who worked
nights to save money to buy opera albums when he was a youngster.

When his father died, Carlson discovered he had been donating money to small
opera companies in New York and New Jersey.

"He understood that the arts really defined the soul of a culture," Carlson
said. "It takes us out of ourselves; it appeals to the very best in who we are."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1996 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Derry Journal

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Social enterprises Derry pilot agreed

LENGTH: 311  words


Derry City Council's Development Committee have agreed to allocate £10,000
towards a pilot kickstarter fund for  new social enterprises in the city.

The move comes after a govenrment report suggested that the main barrier to
expansion and growth within the grass roots initiatives was lack of available
finance.

The scheme will fund social enterprises that are judged to be "innovative,
commercially viable and capable  of making significant measurable economic
impact by supporting the growth and development of a value added sector",
according to a report presented to the committee by council officers.

The pilot fund will be  split between two new innovative social enterprises,
with each to receive a £5,000 grant.

The council's Strategic Director Stephen Gillespie told the committee that the
£10,000 had been gathered through budget savings and from within the department.

He said that the council would look at a more substantial fund for next year.

"£10,000 is not a lot, but it's a start," he said, adding:  "Ideally what we
would like to do is develop this sector."

Sinn Fein Councillor Eric McGinley commended the council for the support it was
showing towards social enterprises.

In answer to a question from Colr. McGinley, Mr. Gillespie said there would be
an open call  for applications.

Mayor, SDLP Councillor Brenda Stevenson welcoming the initiative, which she said
came on the back of the Business Opportunities Programme.

Mrs. Stevenson suggested council also look at models of good practice elsewhere.

DUP Councillor Gary Middleton said: "Anything that can be done to help local
businesses should be supported."

He also commended the development officers and their team for the work they were
doing to help small businesses locally, and their willingness when asked to
assist.

The government report found that 77% of social enterprises had hopes to expand.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INJF


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant for
Data Center Upgrades to SAP North American Headquarters

LENGTH: 612  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant to upgrade SAP's data center at its North American Headquarters in
Newtown Square, Delaware County. The Newtown Square campus houses over 2,000
sales, management and support staff for SAP's national business partners and
customers.

"Pennsylvania-based companies like SAP America help drive not only the regional
economy, but also the national economy," said Gov. Corbett.  "Support through
the Economic Growth Initiative grant will help SAP to continue to fuel that
economic growth far into the future."

Currently, the Data Center facility is only used to about 35% of its potential
capacity due to a lack of power and infrastructure.  This project would support
infrastructure improvements that would enable SAP to unlock the full potential
of the Data Center.  Once these improvements have been made, the Data Center in
Newtown Square would become SAP North America's premier location for supporting
cloud growth and other SAP HANA related business.

"SAP is strongly committed to the communities where we do business. We're proud
to call Pennsylvania home and to play our part in bringing 21st-century jobs and
opportunities to the Philadelphia region," said Jen Morgan, President, SAP North
America. "We're grateful to the state and its leaders for their farsighted
investment, including Governor Corbett, his Chief of Staff Leslie Gromis Baker,
State Senators Dominic Pileggi and Ted Erickson, and State Representatives Bill
Adolph and Tom Killion."

The Data center upgrade project includes the installation of a new 600 ton
chiller, a 600 ton cooling tower, a new emergency generator and upgraded Power
Distribution Units and Computer room air conditioners, along with upgraded
Uninterrupted Power Supplies systems. In addition, a 15,000 gallon surge tank
would be installed underground to supplement the HVAC system should we encounter
chiller failure.

Enhancements to the building's automation and fire suppression systems will be
made to ensure proper operation as well as meet new safety requirements
resulting from the additional equipment.

The total projected capital cost of these infrastructure improvements for Phase
1 is $25 million, including construction costs of $15.9 million.  It is expected
that this project will create, support and retain more than 375 jobs in the
Newtown Square area.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.solutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 30, 2008 Tuesday

Grants available for development projects

BYLINE: Patrick Cassidy, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


Sep. 30--The Cape Cod Economic Development Council has $100,000 in grant money
to support local economic development initiatives.

The grants -- up to $25,000 each -- purposefully do not target a specific type
of project, said the development council's administrator, Daniel Dray.

"We look for a project that we feel strongly is going to result in some kind of
good economic impact," he said.

Past recipients of the grants include the Regional Technology Development Corp.,
to help transfer research at the Wood Hole Oceanographic Institution and the
Marine Biological Laboratory into startup businesses. Other grants are used for
planning, such as the Bourne Financial Development Corp.

Letters of intent for this round of applications should be delivered by hand by
noon on Nov. 3 to Elaine Davis, chief procurement officer, Barnstable County,
Superior Court House, 3195 Main St., Barnstable. Mailed letters must be
postmarked by Nov. 3 to be considered. Seven copies of the letter should be
included.

For more information go to www.capecodedc.org or call Dan Dray at 508-744-1247.

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080930-CA-DVLP-GRANTS-20080930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2008 Cape Code Times


                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 April 9, 2002

Education: Higher: Research: Drop-dead gorgeous: Polly Curtis talks to the head
of the ESRC about putting research into practice in society

BYLINE: Polly Curtis

SECTION: Guardian Education Pages, Pg. 37

LENGTH: 894 words


Dr Gordon Marshall is getting excited about the "drop-dead gorgeous"
multidisciplinary research he supports as chief executive of the Economic and
Social Research Council.

Initiatives with other research councils, encouraged by the government following
last year's quinquennial review, have had a big impact on the ESRC's priorities.
And Dr Marshall is keen to shout about them. He says that there has been a shift
in thinking in the sciences during his two-and-a-half years at the ESRC; that
people no longer see technological solutions in isolation, and that much more
value is placed on the socio-economic impact of solutions.

So while others are inventing cancer treatments, the ESRC is looking at ways to
make them available through the public sector; while the genomic projects are
storming ahead, Dr Marshall's troupes are working out the implications for the
life insurance industries; and the ESRC is putting together teams that can think
about the socio-economic drivers of deforestation as readily as they can
consider the impact of the soil erosion on women's workload.

Last year the government's chief scientific adviser, Professor David King,
placed the social sciences at the top of the research agenda, saying that all
research innovations needed to be applied with greater awareness of the socio-
economic impacts.

Dr Marshall puts it slightly differently: "We're all being driven by the real
world. That's where the ESRC fits into the research council equation."

The ESRC is taking a leading role in some rather curious projects. "You wouldn't
think of the ESRC as leading a cross-council project on the rural economy and
land use," says Dr Marshall. But it is. "The social issues in the countryside
underpin everything you read in the news from land use to foot and mouth
disease," he explains.

The rural economy and land use project forms the heart of a bid put into the
chancellor's office ahead of this summer's comprehensive spending review.
Although it brings together the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research
Councils and Natural Envi ronment Research Council, the ESRC is leading the
initiative providing, as Dr Marshall puts it, the "conceptual framework to glue
the proposal and the subsequent project together".

Dr Marshall outlines the aims of the project: "What would a well balanced
countryside look like? Would it have skylarks, tourists, hedges, crops or
commuters? How do you balance the conflicting issues of the countryside? That's
what we want to find out."

Such issues are politically loaded, and close to the government's heart in the
wake of the challenges the countryside faces after foot and mouth. Perhaps too
close. Last year the ESRC came in for criticism from political scientists, who
claimed that they were turning socio-economic researchers into "ersatz civil
servants" by favouring research relevant to the political agenda. So how does
the ESRC keep in line with the public agenda, and not the government's?

Number one, says Dr Marshall it focuses on responsive mode grants - pounds 17m
this year. "There will be lots of researchers who wake up this morning and say
to themselves 'must in vestigate the rise in street crime'. They can pull a form
off the web, park it on their machine, email it off and expect a turnaround of
our grants of 17 weeks," he explains.

And between pounds 24m and pounds 25m a year goes on directive research grants,
which follow a national scheme to consult "the world and his or her partner" as
Dr Marshall puts it, on what direction social science research should be going
in.

The world and partner includes various government departments. But Dr Marshall
says that in his time as chief executive of the ESRC, he has never once
experienced pressure from the government over research priorities. "It is
perfectly proper to consult government," he says. "What they can't do is tell us
to fund particular research. And they can't spin or suppress the findings of our
research. That's absolutely non-negotiable; we would go to war for that."

Depending on the outcome of the comprehensive spending review, the ESRC will
focus on the rural economies and land use programme as well as their thematic
priorities, which span from governance and citizenship to lifestyle and health
issues, to social stability and exclusion. New technologies for which the ESRC
has asked for funding include a video conferencing system that takes advantage
of broadband connections and allows people around the world to collaborate,
train and exchange knowledge in a virtual arena.

As for the future of the social sciences, Dr Marshall says: "The next revolution
will be in meta-data analysis. There are now huge amounts of knowledge out there
- some of it literally out there on the web, or it's in libraries and data sets.
There is enough of it around to start doing research on the research." The
problem the social sciences face is the same as all the sciences: not enough
maths graduates.

Which is something that Dr Marshall could, perhaps, be better positioned to
tackle from December, when he will be leaving the ESRC to take up the post of
vice-chancellor at the University of Reading. It will take him back to the heart
of the academic community, where he can continue to influence and encourage lots
more drop-dead gorgeous research.


LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

MARYLANAD:Groundbreaking Mortgage Initiative for Homebuyers in Prince George's
County Fully Utilized in less than Four Months

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of House and Community Development, The state of Maryland has issued
the following news release:

DHCD announced today that the funds set aside to provide down payment assistance
under the Maryland Mortgage Program Triple Play Initiative in Prince George's
County have been utilized.

MMP TriplePlay has been one of the most popular initiatives in the long history
of providing mortgages under the Maryland Mortgage Program.  State and county
officials announced that because of the unprecedented demand, a modified version
of the groundbreaking initiative will continue, building upon the nearly 400
homebuyers already served.

"The success of the MMP TriplePlay Initiative illustrates the economic impact of
a well-designed homeownership program that meets the needs of today's
homebuyer," said DHCD Secretary-designate Kenneth C. Holt.

"The homebuyer market is more diverse than in the past and increasingly consists
of members of the Millennium Generation" Secretary Holt continued. "The
Hogan-Rutherford administration is committed to pursuing innovative programs
such as MMP TriplePlay that help those families earn a piece of the American
dream."

The initiative was the result of a unique partnership between the Maryland
Department of Housing and Community Development, Prince George's County and the
Office of the Attorney General.  Working together, the partners recognized
homeownership as the most effective use of a portion of the $10 million that was
set aside for Prince George's County as part of the landmark Mortgage Servicing
Settlement between the nation's attorneys general and the five largest lenders.
The support of the Prince George's County Association of Realtors played an
important role in the success of the effort, Holt said.

Through the MMP TriplePlay Initiative, families looking to buy a home in Prince
George's County through the Maryland Mortgage Program were eligible for $10,000
in downpayment and closing cost assistance in a no-interest deferred loan with
an additional $10,000 grant if they purchase their home in targeted areas in the
county; 0.25 percent reduction in the Maryland Mortgage Program's already low
interest rate and a waiver of the state's fee on the Maryland HomeCredit, which
allows homebuyers to claim a federal income tax credit of up to $2,000 for as
long as the loan is outstanding.

MMP TriplePlay was launched in November and "sold out" in less than four months.

Under the extended version of the program, which officials have dubbed the
DoublePlay Initiative, eligible homebuyers may still receive the 0.25 percent
rate reduction from the Maryland Mortgage Program already low interest rates and
the fee waiver. In addition, all Maryland Mortgage Program borrowers may be
eligible for $5000 in down payment assistance in the form of a no-interest
deferred loan.

The Maryland Mortgage Program has been the state's flagship mortgage purchase
program for more than 30 years.  Program loans are administered by a network of
more than 60 private lending institutions across the state, including about 30
lenders in Prince George's County.  Additional benefits of the program include
pre-purchase home buyer education.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

MARYLAND:Groundbreaking Mortgage Initiative for Homebuyers in Prince George's
County Fully Utilized in less than Four Months

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of House and Community Development, The state of Maryland has issued
the following news release:

DHCD announced today that the funds set aside to provide down payment assistance
under the Maryland Mortgage Program Triple Play Initiative in Prince George's
County have been utilized.

MMP TriplePlay has been one of the most popular initiatives in the long history
of providing mortgages under the Maryland Mortgage Program.  State and county
officials announced that because of the unprecedented demand, a modified version
of the groundbreaking initiative will continue, building upon the nearly 400
homebuyers already served.

"The success of the MMP TriplePlay Initiative illustrates the economic impact of
a well-designed homeownership program that meets the needs of today's
homebuyer," said DHCD Secretary-designate Kenneth C. Holt.

"The homebuyer market is more diverse than in the past and increasingly consists
of members of the Millennium Generation" Secretary Holt continued. "The
Hogan-Rutherford administration is committed to pursuing innovative programs
such as MMP TriplePlay that help those families earn a piece of the American
dream."

The initiative was the result of a unique partnership between the Maryland
Department of Housing and Community Development, Prince George's County and the
Office of the Attorney General.  Working together, the partners recognized
homeownership as the most effective use of a portion of the $10 million that was
set aside for Prince George's County as part of the landmark Mortgage Servicing
Settlement between the nation's attorneys general and the five largest lenders.
The support of the Prince George's County Association of Realtors played an
important role in the success of the effort, Holt said.

Through the MMP TriplePlay Initiative, families looking to buy a home in Prince
George's County through the Maryland Mortgage Program were eligible for $10,000
in downpayment and closing cost assistance in a no-interest deferred loan with
an additional $10,000 grant if they purchase their home in targeted areas in the
county; 0.25 percent reduction in the Maryland Mortgage Program's already low
interest rate and a waiver of the state's fee on the Maryland HomeCredit, which
allows homebuyers to claim a federal income tax credit of up to $2,000 for as
long as the loan is outstanding.

MMP TriplePlay was launched in November and "sold out" in less than four months.

Under the extended version of the program, which officials have dubbed the
DoublePlay Initiative, eligible homebuyers may still receive the 0.25 percent
rate reduction from the Maryland Mortgage Program already low interest rates and
the fee waiver. In addition, all Maryland Mortgage Program borrowers may be
eligible for $5000 in down payment assistance in the form of a no-interest
deferred loan.

The Maryland Mortgage Program has been the state's flagship mortgage purchase
program for more than 30 years.  Program loans are administered by a network of
more than 60 private lending institutions across the state, including about 30
lenders in Prince George's County.  Additional benefits of the program include
pre-purchase home buyer education.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

Goldbug VFD to buy building

BYLINE: John L. Ross, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 615 words


Jan. 27--The wait is over.

Personnel with the Goldbug Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department received good
news after learning the United States Department of Agriculture announced the
approval of an application to buy the building in which they are currently
housed.

Thomas G. Fern, State Director for USDA Rural Development, said the agency
provided the department with $67,000 through its Community Facilities direct
loan and grant program to purchase the facility.

"The Community Facilities Program helps rural communities like Whitley County
and Williamsburg upgrade public safety equipment and improve security," Fern
said. "(A)t the same time (they provide) the services needed to attract business
and create economic opportunities."

In April 2014, the department held a public hearing held on the site in
Williamsburg.

Fire Chief Brandon Woods explained before the public hearing that their current
location at 869 Highway 26 is a rental property.

That hearing was to allow the public to offer their comments concerning the
department purchasing the building they currently lease. Issues that were open
for discussion include economic impacts, environmental impacts, the expected
service area, project alternatives and other pertinent issues.

Goldbug Fire and Rescue Department is led by a five-person board of directors --
the president, Doug Doughty, vice-chairman Andy Meadors, and members Tabitha
Pfoutz, Sarah Cox and Mandy Neal.

He explained that Woods and others worked for several months with the Cumberland
Valley Area Development District staff.

And now, Goldbug landed a $50,000 grant through Rural Development's Public
Facilities Loan and Grant Program.

With that grant, Goldbug also was approved for a $17,000 loan -- all of which
would purchase the facility in which they are currently housed.

Also, the loan would fall on the department's shoulders for repayment.

The two-bay building sits on one acre of land. It is owned by Jeff Price, of
Somerset, and with Best Transit in London -- Woods said Price bought the
building at auction. Pfoutz said the concrete floor is thick enough to support
the weight of the emergency units. There's also room for required training,
running water, gas and three-phase electric power.

Pfoutz added that if they do acquire the property, they will make some minor
modifications, including adding a second bathroom. They would also expand if
necessary to accommodate any more vehicles to the fleet.

Meadors felt the location was excellent.

"It's centrally located -- it brings it all together," he said. Pfoutz added
that since Goldbug covers the largest portion of I-75 -- eight miles north and
southbound -- that "this is just a prime location for us."

Whitley County is included in President Obama's Promise Zone Initiative in
Southeastern Kentucky. Through the Promise Zone Initiative, the federal
government will partner with and invest in designated communities to create
jobs, leverage private investment, increase economic activity, expand
educational opportunities and improve public safety.

Whitley County also is part of USDA's StrikeForce for Rural Growth and
Opportunity Initiative, which addresses the unique set of challenges faced by
many of America's rural communities. Through StrikeForce, USDA is leveraging
resources and collaborating with more than 400 community organizations,
businesses, foundations, universities and other groups to support 80,300
projects with more than $9.7 billion in USDA investments into rural America.
StrikeForce currently serves Kentucky and 19 other states.

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Ky.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Corbin,
Ky.) at www.thetimestribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150127-KB-Goldbug-VFD-to-buy-building-0127-20150127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

MARYLANAD:Groundbreaking Mortgage Initiative for Homebuyers in Prince George's
County Fully Utilized in less than Four Months

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of House and Community Development, The state of Maryland has issued
the following news release:

DHCD announced today that the funds set aside to provide down payment assistance
under the Maryland Mortgage Program Triple Play Initiative in Prince George's
County have been utilized.

MMP TriplePlay has been one of the most popular initiatives in the long history
of providing mortgages under the Maryland Mortgage Program.  State and county
officials announced that because of the unprecedented demand, a modified version
of the groundbreaking initiative will continue, building upon the nearly 400
homebuyers already served.

"The success of the MMP TriplePlay Initiative illustrates the economic impact of
a well-designed homeownership program that meets the needs of today's
homebuyer," said DHCD Secretary-designate Kenneth C. Holt.

"The homebuyer market is more diverse than in the past and increasingly consists
of members of the Millennium Generation" Secretary Holt continued. "The
Hogan-Rutherford administration is committed to pursuing innovative programs
such as MMP TriplePlay that help those families earn a piece of the American
dream."

The initiative was the result of a unique partnership between the Maryland
Department of Housing and Community Development, Prince George's County and the
Office of the Attorney General.  Working together, the partners recognized
homeownership as the most effective use of a portion of the $10 million that was
set aside for Prince George's County as part of the landmark Mortgage Servicing
Settlement between the nation's attorneys general and the five largest lenders.
The support of the Prince George's County Association of Realtors played an
important role in the success of the effort, Holt said.

Through the MMP TriplePlay Initiative, families looking to buy a home in Prince
George's County through the Maryland Mortgage Program were eligible for $10,000
in downpayment and closing cost assistance in a no-interest deferred loan with
an additional $10,000 grant if they purchase their home in targeted areas in the
county; 0.25 percent reduction in the Maryland Mortgage Program's already low
interest rate and a waiver of the state's fee on the Maryland HomeCredit, which
allows homebuyers to claim a federal income tax credit of up to $2,000 for as
long as the loan is outstanding.

MMP TriplePlay was launched in November and "sold out" in less than four months.

Under the extended version of the program, which officials have dubbed the
DoublePlay Initiative, eligible homebuyers may still receive the 0.25 percent
rate reduction from the Maryland Mortgage Program already low interest rates and
the fee waiver. In addition, all Maryland Mortgage Program borrowers may be
eligible for $5000 in down payment assistance in the form of a no-interest
deferred loan.

The Maryland Mortgage Program has been the state's flagship mortgage purchase
program for more than 30 years.  Program loans are administered by a network of
more than 60 private lending institutions across the state, including about 30
lenders in Prince George's County.  Additional benefits of the program include
pre-purchase home buyer education.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday

Sembcorp partners EDB to be Singapore's first industrial 'living lab'

BYLINE: Mindy Tan , Sembcorp partners EDB to be Singapore's first industrial
'living lab'

SECTION: COMPANIES & MARKETS; Stocks

LENGTH: 243 words


Singapore

SEMBCORP Industries has tied up with the Singapore Economic Development Board
(EDB) to be the country's first industrial "living laboratory".

This means Sembcorp will grant technology providers access to its proprietary
wastewater-treatment and waste-to-energy facilities on Jurong Island for
late-stage test-bedding and co-innovation of water and environmental
technologies.

The initiative will also see Sembcorp and EDB jointly investing up to a total of
S$8 million to support the commercialisation of research and development
projects from the pilot-testing stage to market-ready levels. Under the
partnership, proposals from technology providers will be jointly evaluated by
Sembcorp and EDB for their scalability, technological merits and economic impact
on Singapore.

Sembcorp's researchers and engineers will then work with successful applicants
to test-bed their new technologies in actual industrial settings. If the
technologies are proven successful, they will have the potential to be deployed
in Sembcorp's global operations.

"This initiative will strengthen Singapore's position as a global hydrohub and
provide another commercialisation pathway for our water research investments,"
said Lim Kok Kiang, assistant managing director, EDB. "It is also aligned with
Singapore's aspiration to be a living lab where companies can develop, test and
commercialise urban solutions in a real-life setting before scaling up for the
region and beyond."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MR LIM: Says the 'living lab' initiative will provide another
commercialisation pathway for Singapore's water research investments.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

Labor Secretary rolls out skills grant program at BerkshireWorks

BYLINE: By Jim Therrien jtherrien@berkshireeagle.com @BE_therrien on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 777 words


PITTSFIELD   State Labor and Workforce Development Secretary Ronald Walker II
was in Berkshire County on Friday as part of the Baker-Polito administration's
rollout of its $9.2 million Skills Capital Grants program.

Among other stops, Walker visited the BerkshireWorks employment and training
office, where he met with Mayor Daniel L. Bianchi, state Rep. Tricia
Farley-Bouvier, D-Pittsfield, and other officials. He later said during an
interview at The Eagle that he was confident the county has been in the
forefront in promoting collaborative approaches to job training and education
and tailoring efforts to meet the current needs of employers.

"They are great at what they do," Walker said of BerkshireWorks. "They implement
all of our workforce development programs. And so part of it was just   they do
a great job and we wanted to get updated on all the work that they do."

He said the officials talked about changes coming with the new federal Workforce
Innovation and Opportunity Act, which will be implemented in 2017, and calls for
a re-evaluation of employment and training programs to make them as effective as
possible, and will provide the bulk of funding for local career centers around
the nation.

The act passed Congress in 2014 and replaces and updates the Workforce
Investment Act of 1998.

In anticipation of the WIOA implementation, Walker said, a number of Baker
administration initiatives are being developed. Those include working toward a
"demand model" format to make sure career centers are working closely with the
business community, community colleges, vocational high schools and related
service providers to prepare individuals for the jobs that are available now or
in the near future in their regions.

He said much of that is already in place at BerkshireWorks. "They have a great
relationship with the business community, the community college does a great
job, the [new Taconic] high school will be coming on shortly," Walker said.
"They are doing a number of key programs, key initiatives that meet the demands
out here, so that we won't have to restructure this career center."

State officials were in Western Massachusetts Friday to promote the skills grant
program, which is now accepting applications for funding. The program, according
to a release, is an initiative of Gov. Charlie Baker's Workforce Skills Cabinet
and will provide funding in equipment for vocational-technical training and
encourage career training that allows students to meet the needs of employers.

"The skills gap is real across the country, and many companies cannot find the
talent they need to fill positions and further develop their local economic
impact," said Baker in the release.

The program is part of the efforts of the Governor's Workforce Skills Cabinet to
align education, workforce and economic development strategies across
Massachusetts.

Baker tapped Walker, Education Secretary James Peyser, and Housing and Economic
Development Secretary Jay Ash to work together to develop policies to improve
economic and job training opportunities for residents of the Commonwealth.

The officials announced the availability of the grants Friday at the future site
of Holyoke Community College's Center for Culinary and Hospitality Excellence,
located in the Holyoke Innovation District. Part of that growth is expected to
be linked to a planned MGM casino and related development in nearby Springfield.

"Companies need to be able to attract and retain the best employees in the
Commonwealth," Walker said in Holyoke. "We are packaging our resources from the
different Secretariats to help educational institutions create a pipeline of
skilled workers."

The Skills Capital grants will range from $50,000 to $500,000. While the grants
do not require a match, applicants are encouraged to demonstrate cash and/or
in-kind matches.

Grantees must meet certain criteria. Those include investments that lead to an
increase in skilled workers to meet business-driven hiring needs; a focus on
improving the skills of students or individuals facing employment barriers;
leverage partnerships and funding toward those goals; and include investment
that reflects regional planning, demonstrate sustainability and build on proven
programs.

Eligible applicants include Massachusetts schools, institutions and
organizations that provide career/vocational technical education programs,
including all Chapter 74-approved vocational-technical schools, community
colleges, and providers of training programs that meet the federal Perkins Act
definition of career and technical education.

The grant applications must be submitted by Jan. 29.

Contact Jim Therrien at 413-496-6247.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 25, 2007 Tuesday

North Buena Vista

SECTION: D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 71 words


North Buena Vista received a $50,000 grant for a new pumper fire truck through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of Rural Development.

The grant is part of $649,350 in grants and loans to 11 Iowa communities through
the Economic Impact Initiative program.

The program stipulates that funding must be used for "essential community
facilities and services for public use" in rural communities with a population
under 20,000.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Mahanoy City Receives Grant to Purchase Police Vehicle and Skid
Loader

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Today, U.S. Representative Matt Cartwright announced that Mahanoy City,
Schuylkill County has received a $50,000 grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.  The Rural Development funds, awarded through the Community
Facility Economic Impact Initiative Grant Program, will be used to purchase a
police vehicle and a skid loader.

The police vehicle purchase will allow for the replacement of an aged vehicle.
The purchase of the skid loader will allow the recipient to reduce expenses by
allowing it to avoid costs associated with outsourcing tasks related to the use
of such a vehicle

"The officers of Mahanoy City PD are working hard to keep their community safe,"
Rep. Cartwright said, "and I am glad to support their efforts by helping bring
home federal money to let them purchase new equipment."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Mahanoy City Receives Grant to Purchase Police Vehicle and Skid
Loader

LENGTH: 165  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Today, U.S. Representative Matt Cartwright announced that Mahanoy City,
Schuylkill County has received a $50,000 grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.  The Rural Development funds, awarded through the Community
Facility Economic Impact Initiative Grant Program, will be used to purchase a
police vehicle and a skid loader.

The police vehicle purchase will allow for the replacement of an aged vehicle.
The purchase of the skid loader will allow the recipient to reduce expenses by
allowing it to avoid costs associated with outsourcing tasks related to the use
of such a vehicle

"The officers of Mahanoy City PD are working hard to keep their community safe,"
Rep. Cartwright said, "and I am glad to support their efforts by helping bring
home federal money to let them purchase new equipment."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                 N. Warren Town and County News (Norwalk, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2015

MEETING FOR ARTS, CULTURAL & HISTORIC ORGANIZATIONS

BYLINE: N. Warren Town & County News staff

LENGTH: 496  words


In August 2014, the Iowa Heartland Resource, Conservation & Development, Inc.
(IHRC&D) based in Indianola received a USDA Rural Community Development
Initiative grant to assist in supporting and sustaining efforts to unite the
vast array of arts, cultural and historical assets in Dallas, Jasper, Madison,
Marion, Polk (rural) and Warren counties. One of the outcomes of this grant is
to establish a Regional Arts Council composed of advocates for the arts, culture
and history.

To share more information and learn about this exciting development, a
"Community Conversations" Lunch Meeting is planned for Tuesday, July 28, at
11:30 a.m. at the Winterset Public Library, 123 North Second Street. The lunch
is complimentary and parking is easily accessible. Please RSVP to Nancy at
library@winterset.lib.ia.us or by calling 515.462.1731 by Friday, July 24, if
you plan to attend.

Through this initiative, they are partnering with the Iowa League of RC&D,
University of Iowa and the Iowa Department of Cultural Affairs to bring support
and assistance to arts, cultural and historic organizations within our rural
communities.. What we know:

Current arts, history and cultural organizations in Iowa may benefit from
technical assistance, opportunities to network with one another and share
projects or goals.

Many groups doing great things are faced with small, but mighty, Boards and/or
volunteers who are aging or stretched to capacity.

Accessing funds for arts, history and culture is challenging-especially in rural
Iowa yet we have outstanding resources and assets worthy of support.

Investing in arts, history and cultural projects can have a huge economic impact
on small communities, as well as entice younger generations to stay or return to
a vibrant, small community.

Arts, history and culture programs in regional school districts are often the
first to go when budgets are tight.

At this time, one of our primary goals is to establish a Regional Cultural
Council. The purpose of the Council is to preserve, protect, interpret and
promote Iowa's art, culture and history. To that end, Regional Cultural Councils
are being developed to provide local input, guidance and leadership for regional
planning and implementation of projects.

Regional Cultural Councils serve as a catalyst for the creative economy.

Regional Cultural Councils are empowered to become engines for economic
vitality, cultural diversity and historic preservation as well as regional art,
history and cultural project planning throughout Iowa.

Because the public's guidance and input is critical to this process, we
encourage advocates for the arts, culture and history to attend this meeting.
This is a multi-year effort that will rely on the ideas, creativity and energy
to achieve successful outcomes.

The IHRC&D is a 501(c)(3) corporation serving Dallas, Jasper, Madison, Marion,
Polk and Warren counties for the purpose of improving the quality of life
through economic development and resource conservation.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CWA

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2015 N. Warren Town and County News


                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant for
Data Center Upgrades to SAP North American Headquarters

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant to upgrade SAP's data center at its North American Headquarters in
Newtown Square, Delaware County. The Newtown Square campus houses over 2,000
sales, management and support staff for SAP's national business partners and
customers.

"Pennsylvania-based companies like SAP America help drive not only the regional
economy, but also the national economy," said Gov. Corbett.  "Support through
the Economic Growth Initiative grant will help SAP to continue to fuel that
economic growth far into the future."

Currently, the Data Center facility is only used to about 35% of its potential
capacity due to a lack of power and infrastructure.  This project would support
infrastructure improvements that would enable SAP to unlock the full potential
of the Data Center.  Once these improvements have been made, the Data Center in
Newtown Square would become SAP North America's premier location for supporting
cloud growth and other SAP HANA related business.

"SAP is strongly committed to the communities where we do business. We're proud
to call Pennsylvania home and to play our part in bringing 21st-century jobs and
opportunities to the Philadelphia region," said Jen Morgan, President, SAP North
America. "We're grateful to the state and its leaders for their farsighted
investment, including Governor Corbett, his Chief of Staff Leslie Gromis Baker,
State Senators Dominic Pileggi and Ted Erickson, and State Representatives Bill
Adolph and Tom Killion."

The Data center upgrade project includes the installation of a new 600 ton
chiller, a 600 ton cooling tower, a new emergency generator and upgraded Power
Distribution Units and Computer room air conditioners, along with upgraded
Uninterrupted Power Supplies systems. In addition, a 15,000 gallon surge tank
would be installed underground to supplement the HVAC system should we encounter
chiller failure.

Enhancements to the building's automation and fire suppression systems will be
made to ensure proper operation as well as meet new safety requirements
resulting from the additional equipment.

The total projected capital cost of these infrastructure improvements for Phase
1 is $25 million, including construction costs of $15.9 million.  It is expected
that this project will create, support and retain more than 375 jobs in the
Newtown Square area.

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Children's Hospital to gain $2.5M in state aid

BYLINE: by MELISSA DANIELS

LENGTH: 544 words


The latest award from one of the state's largest grant programs will funnel a
$2.5 million taxpayer-subsidized grant to one of the region's wealthiest
conglomerates, in support of an expansion project at Children's Hospital of
Pittsburgh of UPMC.

Gov. Tom Corbett announced the grant Wednesday at a news conference held in the
six-floor, four-story atrium at the hospital in Lawrenceville. Though UPMC
reported $190 million in operating income, and $567.7 million in net income in
the financial year ending June 30, Corbett said the taxpayer-funded investment
will come back to the commonwealth in the form of income tax revenue from jobs
and construction.

"This is considered to be start-up money," he said. "We will see this eventually
come back with taxes."

The Economic Growth Initiative grant will support a plan to expand Children's in
some of its fastest-growing patient care areas. Hospital officials said the
subsidy will allow them to begin renovating units that handle cardiac care, bone
marrow transplants and neonatal treatment.

The money will support a new 10-bed observation unit adjacent to the emergency
department, where patients could be treated by a nurse practitioner instead of
being admitted to a floor.

A 40 percent increase in the number of patients in the neonatal intensive care
unit in the past five years has driven demand for more space, said Diane Hupp,
chief nursing officer.

"Five years ago we had 31 neonatal beds," Hupp said. "Today we have over 60 in
the hospital, and we are busting at the seams."

Chris Gessner, president of Children's Hospital, said the hospital added more
than 800 jobs since opening its $625 million Penn Avenue campus in 2009. At
times it fills to capacity, he said, including during the busy flu season.

Gessner said he hopes to see the expansion plans, which pre-date the award,
complete in 18 to 24 months. The state money, he said, speeds that process
along.

"Over time, we would've found a way," he said. "We would've raised money through
our foundation or something, but it wouldn't have happened as fast if they
didn't jump-start the program."

Corbett, a first term Republican, is running for re-election Nov. 4 against
Democrat Tom Wolf. Wednesday's announcement was one of many monetary awards
Corbett has made in Western Pennsylvania this fall as part of the Economic
Growth Initiative, a restructured version of the state's Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program.

The program awards up to $5 million to applicants on a reimbursement basis. The
state received more than $1 billion in applications this year, with about $130
million available to support projects statewide. Projects focus on job creation,
economic impact, viability and construction readiness.

The last time Corbett visited Children's was not in his role as politician but
as a grandfather. Recently, one of his newborn grandsons was admitted with a low
body temperature, Corbett said, and he thanked the hospital staff for taking
care of patients, parents and their families.

"Any investment, in my mind, that can improve the lives and the prognosis of
Pennsylvania's children is always one that's worth making," he said.

Melissa Daniels is a Trib Total Media staff writer. Reach her at
mdaniels@tribweb.com or 412-380-8511.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 20, 2009 Friday

Riverland ranks well in diversity

BYLINE: Rachel Drewelow, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 706 words


Nov. 20--Riverland Community College is a step above many Minnesota colleges
when it comes to diversity.

Enrollment of new students from traditionally underrepresented groups increased
by 22 percent at Minnesota State Colleges and Universities (MNSCU) this fall.
Riverland posted an increase of 27.5 percent, according to a report released by
MNSCU Thursday.

Underrepresented higher education student groups include students of color,
low-income students and students whose parents did not attend college.

"We have several programs that have really opened the doors to underrepresented
students... They are efforts to break down those barriers that so often prevent
students from enrolling in, or completing college," said Dr. Ron Langrell,
executive vice president of Riverland Community College.

Those initiatives include "Be Your Best," an award-winning preparatory summer
academy at Riverland that is in its third year.

Be Your Best offers a jump start to college for young people between the ages of
16 and 22 -- offering free college credits, tutoring and advising.

"The focus is to develop advanced knowledge in reading, writing, math,
communications and successful college and career planning," Dr. Langrell said.

Be Your Best won the 2009 MNSCU Award for Innovation in Diversity.

Dr. Langrell also credits opportunity and access grants for helping increase the
schools ability to reach and retain underrepresented students.

MNSCU schools have been working to improve enrollment and retention of
underrepresented students with an $11 million-per-year initiative called
"Access, Opportunity and Success," since the fall of 2007, according to MNSCU.

The program provides funds to institutions to expand services that have proven
to be effective.

Riverland also works with Workforce Development, Inc. to provide workforce
education for dislocated workers, including in the industries of health care and
transportation.

Workforce Development, Inc. is an independent non-profit agency that works to
advance the workforce in Southeast Minnesota through educational centers.

Riverland also partners with Austin schools via integration programs and success
coaches, working together to facilitate the transition from high school to
college.

MNSCU finds that the most successful practices are those that aid students in
the steps from high school to college.

"We have seen very positive impacts from these, and we are beginning to see a
positive economic impact locally, " Dr. Langrell said.

Five years ago less than five percent of Riverland's student body was considered
made up of underrepresented groups, he said.

"We want to improve our services to the community we serve," Dr. Langrell said
of Riverland's diversity initiatives.

He added that more than 50 percent of students in Austin's kindergartens are
from underrepresented groups.

"Training and education leads to career success, a living wage, and the ability
to further contribute to the community," he said.

MNSCU produces 33,5000 graduates annually, of which 80 percent stay in Minnesota
to work or continue their education, according to MNSCU.

Statewide, the number of new students of color increased by 16 percent, new
first-generation college students increased by 21 percent and new students
eligible for Pell grants increased by 37 percent, according to MNSCU.

Pell grant eligibility is usually determined by family income levels.

"It is gratifying that we are making some notable progress, but we still are a
long way from eliminating the achievement gap that separates low-income and
minority students from others," MNSCU Chancellor James H. McCormick said in a
news release.

MNSCU is comprised of 32 state universities and community and technical colleges
in Minnesota. Five schools had a higher increase in underrepresented student
enrollment than Riverland.

To see more of the Austin Daily Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.austindailyherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Austin Daily Herald,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091120-1AU-Riverland-ranks-well-in-diversity-1120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                                 Copyright 2009


                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

CSUSB praised for work with underrepresented students in STEM, entrepreneurship
and cyber security programs

LENGTH: 1378  words

DATELINE: San Bernardino


California State Universiaty, San Bernardino has issued the following news
release:

That was the reaction of LaDoris "Dot" Harris, assistant secretary and director
of the Office of Economic Impact and Diversity, U.S, Department of Energy, after
a daylong series of presentations on Cal State San Bernardino's ongoing work
with underrepresented students in entrepreneurship, technology transfer, cyber
security and STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) programs.

Harris said that in her two years of visits as assistant secretary to colleges
and universities around the country to learn about their work in programs
serving underrepresented students, none had shown all the expertise that CSUSB
has, adding that it is of great importance to President Obama and his
administration.

"You have hit every cylinder of interest to the president in leading programs in
technology transfer, entrepreneurship and STEM," said Harris, who promised
financial support from her department for the programs.

She also offered some suggestions to help the university in attaining larger
federal grants, including collaborating with other Minority Serving Institutions
to seek funding on joint projects and partner with large, research universities
that have established track records in securing grants.

CSUSB President Tomás D. Morales said the purpose of the meetings with Harris
and DOE officials was to talk about the university's work with students in those
critical areas.

"We're eager to share how CSUSB's ongoing work in these vital programs have
helped our students not only in the classroom, but also after they graduate and
enter the workforce," Morales said. "It is also important to show that the
communities in our region benefit from these programs through our graduates."

Harris leads the DOE's efforts to ensure minorities and historically
underrepresented communities have an opportunity to participate fully in the
OEID's energy programs. She oversees a corporate funding strategy for minority
institutions, develops the current and future departmental workforce, and works
closely to develop small business contracting opportunities at the department.

The other visitors included:

Tony Baylis, director, Office of Strategic Diversity Programs, Lawrence
Livermore National Laboratories. Baylis is the laboratory's chief diversity
officer and primary advocate for diversity, inclusion, and creating a workplace
that is hospitable to all employees.
    Chris Ford, technical adviser to the DOE director Office of Economic Impact
and Diversity. Ford also advises the Energy Economic Development committee of
the Minorities in Energy Initiative.
    Janice Howroyd, founder, chairman and chief executive officer, ACT-1 Group
in Torrance. In 1978, Howroyd opened a temporary employment agency in Los
Angeles, which quickly developed into a conglomerate of human resource services
and management solutions to Fortune 500 companies. She opened her first branch
office in 1981. The company now has offices in 75 U.S. cities with clients that
include Ford, Toyota, Cingular Wireless and Sempra Energy. Revenues at Act-1
went from $75 million in 1997 to $483 million in 2002. Her headquarters now
employs more than 2,500 people and serves more than 13,000 clients globally.
Howroyd is the first African American woman to own a billion-dollar company.

The group also toured the campus, with a visit to the university's Murillo
Family Observatory, where they were able to see the sun close-up using a solar
telescope, as well as images of various stars.

Howroyd, who helped organize the visit, said she wanted to help the university
after meeting with Kim Alexander, the university's senior director for Corporate
and Foundation Gifts.
Left to right: Chris Ford, technical adviser to the Director of the Office of
Economic Impact and Diversity at the U.S. Department of Energy; Janice Bryant
Howroyd, founder, chairman and CEO, ACT-1 Group; LaDoris "Dot" Harris, assistant
secretary, director, Office of Economic Impact and Diversity, U.S. Department of
Energy; Anthony "Tony" Baylis, director, Office of Strategic Diversity Programs,
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory; and Carlton Bryant, executive vice
President, ACT-1 Group. Photo: Alan Van Fleet/CSUSB

Left to right: Chris Ford, technical adviser to the Director of the Office of
Economic Impact and Diversity at the U.S. Department of Energy; Janice Bryant
Howroyd, founder, chairman and CEO, ACT-1 Group; LaDoris "Dot" Harris, assistant
secretary, director, Office of Economic Impact and Diversity, U.S. Department of
Energy; Anthony "Tony" Baylis, director, Office of Strategic Diversity Programs,
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory; and Carlton Bryant, executive vice
President, ACT-1 Group. Photo: Alan Van Fleet/CSUSB

"Kim Alexander made me aware of the stellar faculty and diverse student
population housed at Cal State San Bernardino," Howroyd said. "Through meeting
with her and President Morales, I have learned so much about the energy
surrounding STEM at this school, which not only offers it as a rich environment
to tap into solving critical issues in the STEM sector; it also supports
strongly the assurance of educating and launching diversity of talent in this
space.

"Energy is the new frontier. As an entrepreneur -- as well as an ambassador for
energy -- I am so excited to work with President Morales to ensure that
students, faculty and the surrounding public and private sectors raise the bar
on innovation in STEM," Howroyd said.

The presentations included discussions with Morales; Provost Andy Bodman;
Lawrence Rose, dean of the university's College of Business and Public
Administration; Kirsty Fleming, dean of the College of Natural Sciences; and
various faculty members and students from the colleges.

Included in the presentations was CSUSB's Inland Empire Center for
Entrepreneurship, which works extensively with the Inland Empire business
community to provide business counseling and training programs to help aspiring,
as well as existing, entrepreneurs. Its programs include the Inland Empire and
Coachella Valley Women's Business Center, Inland Empire Small Business
Development Center, the Family Business Partnership and student consulting and
project teams. Since 2002, IECE has delivered consulting and training services
to more than 23,000 individuals and business owners through these programs from
community-based locations.

In addition, IECE delivers innovative specialty education programs, such as the
Integrated Technology Transfer Network, which trains minority science students
from across the nation to become technology innovators and entrepreneurial
leaders of the future.

There was also a presentation on the university's Cyber Security Center, which
earlier this year was designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in
Information Assurance and Cyber Defense Education by the National Security
Agency and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The center is one of the
most diverse programs in the nation, with 50 percent of its students Hispanic
and 43 percent female, said center director Tony Coulson.

The College of Natural Sciences discussed its commitment to implementing STEM
programs for its students and with area K-12 schools. The college's nine
departments provide courses and programs in STEM fields, which play an
increasingly important role in society to educate the next generation of
scientists and future health professionals, as well as science and math
teachers.

The university and the College of Natural Sciences is also working with area
schools, such as Project Prototype in the Coachella Valley, which works with
teachers to prepare students for STEM-related careers, specifically in
biomedical engineering.  The goal is for the teachers to come away with ideas
for projects that will help motivate students interested in careers in science
and engineering.

Earlier this year, the university participated in the STEM Service Learning
Institute, where more than 150 teachers and educators gathered to learn and
reinforce concepts to help in their teaching of STEM-related programs from
kindergarten through college.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

CSUSB praised for work with underrepresented students in STEM, entrepreneurship
and cyber security programs

LENGTH: 1378  words

DATELINE: San Bernardino


California State Universiaty, San Bernardino has issued the following news
release:

That was the reaction of LaDoris "Dot" Harris, assistant secretary and director
of the Office of Economic Impact and Diversity, U.S, Department of Energy, after
a daylong series of presentations on Cal State San Bernardino's ongoing work
with underrepresented students in entrepreneurship, technology transfer, cyber
security and STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) programs.

Harris said that in her two years of visits as assistant secretary to colleges
and universities around the country to learn about their work in programs
serving underrepresented students, none had shown all the expertise that CSUSB
has, adding that it is of great importance to President Obama and his
administration.

"You have hit every cylinder of interest to the president in leading programs in
technology transfer, entrepreneurship and STEM," said Harris, who promised
financial support from her department for the programs.

She also offered some suggestions to help the university in attaining larger
federal grants, including collaborating with other Minority Serving Institutions
to seek funding on joint projects and partner with large, research universities
that have established track records in securing grants.

CSUSB President Tomás D. Morales said the purpose of the meetings with Harris
and DOE officials was to talk about the university's work with students in those
critical areas.

"We're eager to share how CSUSB's ongoing work in these vital programs have
helped our students not only in the classroom, but also after they graduate and
enter the workforce," Morales said. "It is also important to show that the
communities in our region benefit from these programs through our graduates."

Harris leads the DOE's efforts to ensure minorities and historically
underrepresented communities have an opportunity to participate fully in the
OEID's energy programs. She oversees a corporate funding strategy for minority
institutions, develops the current and future departmental workforce, and works
closely to develop small business contracting opportunities at the department.

The other visitors included:

Tony Baylis, director, Office of Strategic Diversity Programs, Lawrence
Livermore National Laboratories. Baylis is the laboratory's chief diversity
officer and primary advocate for diversity, inclusion, and creating a workplace
that is hospitable to all employees.
    Chris Ford, technical adviser to the DOE director Office of Economic Impact
and Diversity. Ford also advises the Energy Economic Development committee of
the Minorities in Energy Initiative.
    Janice Howroyd, founder, chairman and chief executive officer, ACT-1 Group
in Torrance. In 1978, Howroyd opened a temporary employment agency in Los
Angeles, which quickly developed into a conglomerate of human resource services
and management solutions to Fortune 500 companies. She opened her first branch
office in 1981. The company now has offices in 75 U.S. cities with clients that
include Ford, Toyota, Cingular Wireless and Sempra Energy. Revenues at Act-1
went from $75 million in 1997 to $483 million in 2002. Her headquarters now
employs more than 2,500 people and serves more than 13,000 clients globally.
Howroyd is the first African American woman to own a billion-dollar company.

The group also toured the campus, with a visit to the university's Murillo
Family Observatory, where they were able to see the sun close-up using a solar
telescope, as well as images of various stars.

Howroyd, who helped organize the visit, said she wanted to help the university
after meeting with Kim Alexander, the university's senior director for Corporate
and Foundation Gifts.
Left to right: Chris Ford, technical adviser to the Director of the Office of
Economic Impact and Diversity at the U.S. Department of Energy; Janice Bryant
Howroyd, founder, chairman and CEO, ACT-1 Group; LaDoris "Dot" Harris, assistant
secretary, director, Office of Economic Impact and Diversity, U.S. Department of
Energy; Anthony "Tony" Baylis, director, Office of Strategic Diversity Programs,
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory; and Carlton Bryant, executive vice
President, ACT-1 Group. Photo: Alan Van Fleet/CSUSB

Left to right: Chris Ford, technical adviser to the Director of the Office of
Economic Impact and Diversity at the U.S. Department of Energy; Janice Bryant
Howroyd, founder, chairman and CEO, ACT-1 Group; LaDoris "Dot" Harris, assistant
secretary, director, Office of Economic Impact and Diversity, U.S. Department of
Energy; Anthony "Tony" Baylis, director, Office of Strategic Diversity Programs,
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory; and Carlton Bryant, executive vice
President, ACT-1 Group. Photo: Alan Van Fleet/CSUSB

"Kim Alexander made me aware of the stellar faculty and diverse student
population housed at Cal State San Bernardino," Howroyd said. "Through meeting
with her and President Morales, I have learned so much about the energy
surrounding STEM at this school, which not only offers it as a rich environment
to tap into solving critical issues in the STEM sector; it also supports
strongly the assurance of educating and launching diversity of talent in this
space.

"Energy is the new frontier. As an entrepreneur -- as well as an ambassador for
energy -- I am so excited to work with President Morales to ensure that
students, faculty and the surrounding public and private sectors raise the bar
on innovation in STEM," Howroyd said.

The presentations included discussions with Morales; Provost Andy Bodman;
Lawrence Rose, dean of the university's College of Business and Public
Administration; Kirsty Fleming, dean of the College of Natural Sciences; and
various faculty members and students from the colleges.

Included in the presentations was CSUSB's Inland Empire Center for
Entrepreneurship, which works extensively with the Inland Empire business
community to provide business counseling and training programs to help aspiring,
as well as existing, entrepreneurs. Its programs include the Inland Empire and
Coachella Valley Women's Business Center, Inland Empire Small Business
Development Center, the Family Business Partnership and student consulting and
project teams. Since 2002, IECE has delivered consulting and training services
to more than 23,000 individuals and business owners through these programs from
community-based locations.

In addition, IECE delivers innovative specialty education programs, such as the
Integrated Technology Transfer Network, which trains minority science students
from across the nation to become technology innovators and entrepreneurial
leaders of the future.

There was also a presentation on the university's Cyber Security Center, which
earlier this year was designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in
Information Assurance and Cyber Defense Education by the National Security
Agency and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The center is one of the
most diverse programs in the nation, with 50 percent of its students Hispanic
and 43 percent female, said center director Tony Coulson.

The College of Natural Sciences discussed its commitment to implementing STEM
programs for its students and with area K-12 schools. The college's nine
departments provide courses and programs in STEM fields, which play an
increasingly important role in society to educate the next generation of
scientists and future health professionals, as well as science and math
teachers.

The university and the College of Natural Sciences is also working with area
schools, such as Project Prototype in the Coachella Valley, which works with
teachers to prepare students for STEM-related careers, specifically in
biomedical engineering.  The goal is for the teachers to come away with ideas
for projects that will help motivate students interested in careers in science
and engineering.

Earlier this year, the university participated in the STEM Service Learning
Institute, where more than 150 teachers and educators gathered to learn and
reinforce concepts to help in their teaching of STEM-related programs from
kindergarten through college.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

A call for collegiate cooperation, not competition

BYLINE: SISTER JOANNE BURROWS Clarke University

SECTION: A; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 655 words


Dubuque is a college town. We don't have one big school but instead benefit from
a diversity of colleges and universities. These institutions make significant
contributions to our quality of life and the local economy.

That economic impact goes beyond salaries paid, business transacted locally and
capital projects. Our most important economic impact is on the future.

Specifically, our colleges and universities help attract the future workforce
for the tri-state region.

Last year, the TH ran articles highlighting the workforce "skills gap" Dubuque
and Iowa face over the next decade. Iowa is expected to have more jobs available
than working-age population by 2025. The gap primarily is the result of two
opposing trends: job growth and population decline.

According to Iowa Workforce Development, the state is projected to see 11.2
percent growth across all occupations between 2012 and 2022. Population trends
in the reverse. Unlike the Southern and Western states, which are projected to
grow more than 5 percent by 2022, the Midwest is projected to decline by 5
percent. Iowa projects declines in all age categories except 65-plus by 2025.

Employers experience stiff competition for talent with other countries, other
states and within the region. The reality is skilled workers in fast-growing
states like Florida or Texas are not looking to move to Dubuque. We must entice
them, and I propose that Iowa's most overlooked resource for that effort is our
18 public and 37 non-profit private two- and four-year colleges and
universities.

Out-of-state students recruited to Iowa schools are more likely to stay and work
here than those who have never experienced our fair state.

Unfortunately, public policy stands in the way of maximizing the impact our
institutions could have. Most states have significantly reduced state
appropriations for higher education. Tuition revenue now exceeds state
appropriation at public institutions across the country. If funding trends for
state schools continues to fall, many states are projected to provide negligible
support within two decades.

Locally, Northeast Iowa Community College approved an early retirement incentive
plan to offset loss of revenue from no increase in state general aid in 2016.

For Dubuque's independent colleges, this trend threatens the Iowa Tuition Grant.
The ITG program awards $48 million in state support to students attending Iowa
independents. That's a good deal, considering it would cost Iowa taxpayers $325
million annually if those Iowa students attended Regents institutions.

Initiatives like the performance-based funding formula proposed by the Board of
Regents last year will resurface and will continue to push the Regents
institutions to expend valuable resources to recruit from a dwindling pool of
Iowa students.

This move will promote further cannibalization of the Iowa college market and
threaten to undermine Iowa's traditional reliance on the combination of
community colleges, Regents universities and private institutions to provide
college access to its citizens.

The focus on recruiting Iowa students to Regents institutions may sound like a
good idea, but it is shortsighted for a state that desperately needs population
under 65. Rather than circling the wagons around the Regents, we need to
encourage policies and initiatives that promote Iowa and our city as a
higher-education destination. Rather than pitting our institutions against each
other to serve a shrinking market, our efforts and those of our state and local
officials, as well as business communities, should be to encourage and assist
all sectors of higher education to reach beyond our state and region to welcome
more students and future workers.

Burrows is in her 10th year as Clarke University's president. Prior to coming to
Dubuque, she served as the chief academic officer at Saint Mary-of-the-Woods
College in Indiana. Her email address is joanne.burrows@clarke.edu

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            November 20, 2009 Friday

A skeptical look at report on nonprofits

BYLINE: By Dan Valenti

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 951 words


STOCKBRIDGE

I earned my graduate degree in journalism at the Newhouse School of Syracuse
University, then as now the country's top J-school. There, I learned the voodoo
science of polling from the best, including Dr. Lee Becker, a pioneer in the
application of quantitative journalism (bringing statistics and hard data into
news stories).

I learned how to gather, assemble, and crunch data. I also learned how "experts"
fudge reports and polls. This enabled me to fully comprehend what New York Gov.
Nelson Rockefeller meant when he said, "Give me the right pollster and the right
numbers, and I can prove anything."

n

This preamble casts light on a recent study evaluating the economic impact of
non-profit organizations on Berkshire County. Two academics affiliated with
Williams College's C3D initiative authored the report. C3D is a Williams-Mass
MoCA collaboration that examines effects produced by the arts.

The report concluded that non-profits inject $1.9 billion into the local
economy. The unquestioning and compliant local media gushed at the news,
released -- in an astonishing coincidence -- days before Pittsfield's municipal
election. Stay-the-course politicians used the report as vindication of the
city's recreation-and-resort economy.

This writer downloaded the 57-page, single-space tome. I read it equipped with
the tools of training and experience.

Here are some pertinent facts.

First, the Berkshire Chamber of Commerce commissioned the report, price
undisclosed. "Commissioned" means "bought and paid for." Second, 21
organizations provided funding, all with a vested interest.

These two points are crucial, because they establish that "The Economic Impact
of Nonprofit Organizations in Berkshire County" was not independently generated.
A Chamber-led coalition of paid for it. Red flag: When a rah-rah outfit like the
Chamber must justify its position in a tanking economy, it will commission a
report that tells them what it wants to hear.

A close reading of the report reveals a whitewash of which Tom Sawyer would be
proud. This is not to question the integrity of the authors. Rather, it
illustrates they know the rules of the game: provide fatty fudge for the hand
that feeds you.

Here are a few of the more interesting findings:

n

The report tells us "[t]he county has an interesting and important history in
engineering and light manufacturing" that has "experienced relative decline."
Tidy, how the report labels the loss of 20,000 high paying, top-benefit
manufacturing jobs a mere "relative decline." Maybe it was referring to the
hardship and devastation relatives went through after their loved ones lost
jobs.

The study defines non-profits to include "a very wide variety of groups and
organizations, ranging from traditional churches and charities to social clubs,
veterans groups to sports associations." Fine, but then it ignores these sectors
to "focus exclusively on the  public charity' type of organization" such as arts
and culture, education, health and human services, as well as a mystery category
labeled "Other."

n

These three areas generate impressive dollars, but consider a couple factors.
Every other city and county in the country also has these sectors, providing no
economic advantage or differentiation for Berkshire County. Moreover, these
three areas -- especially the social agencies -- consume resources rather than
generate them.

Incredibly, in a finding straight from Marx's Das Kapital, the report sees it as
good that Berkshire County has 25 nonprofits per 10,000 population compared to
16 in the state and 11 nationwide. This is perhaps the most damning figure in
the report: the county has double the national average of non-profit agencies.
This reveals the embarrassing truth the Chamber has steadily ignored: the local
private-sector economy is on life support. No wonder these "capitalists" look
and quack like socialists.

The C3D report also includes the economic impact of "gifts and grants in the
arts and culture sector (with the 2006 amount approximate [sic] 4.5 times the
1996 amount.)" What fluff! Such gifts and grants include huge chunks of taxpayer
dollars (hello Colonial Theatre; hello Beacon Cinema). Gifts and grants
re-circulate money the government takes from you that it later returns at
cents-on-the-dollar.

Actually, gift dollars are serendipitous, non-recurring, and not the result of
legitimate economic activity. Grant dollars represent money taken out of a
community, not put back in. The up-is-down world of Chamberland, however, counts
these undependable and lost dollars as "assets." It counts as "revenue" taxpayer
money stolen by politicians to artificially support the cultural habits of a
community segment that must, by definition, be predatory.

n

Finally, we learn that the report's employment estimates "are for total jobs,
not full time equivalent" employment positions. That's an astounding admission.
The report ignores the best measure of an economy's health -- full-time jobs --
and instead lumps it in the same category with part-time jobs. The CEO making
six figures a year is the same as the kid at the flicks asking, "Do you want
butter on your popcorn?"

It does this because there are too few good full-time positions and too many
dead-end, minimum wage jobs. Service jobs may put individuals in a deep economic
hole, but that doesn't matter to the report, since they add up to something as a
whole. This is the report's most cynical and anti-human aspect.

The C3D report concludes that non-profits mainline almost $2 billion into the
local economy. This writer's conclusion is far more impartial: The
Chamber-sponsored report is not what it is cracked up to be.

Dan Valenti can be reached at danvalenti@verizon.net .

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             April 15, 2007, Sunday

Come to play, come to stay;
Retiree attraction in West Virginia moving forward

BYLINE: Sarah K. Winn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1E

LENGTH: 962 words


-arahkwinn@wvgazette.com

BECKLEY - West Virginia's population is one of the oldest in the nation, so it
makes sense for communities to cater to the needs of older adults, said Regina
Mayolo, director of Morgantown-based Community Living Initiative Corp. and
co-chairwoman of RetireWV.

"It [retiree attraction] is something, in effect, that West Virginia is already
doing under the guise of tourism," Mayolo said. "They come in as a tourist and
decide they want to stay."

In 2002, RetireWV was formed to help represent the areas that have been
designated as retirement communities by the state. The organization helps the
communities compete for grants, creates nationwide advertising and promotes the
areas as destinations for retirees.

The roots of retiree attraction in West Virginia dates from the mid-'80s, when
Wheeling included the concept as a component of their Wheeling 2000 project, she
said.

By 1989, CLIC created the first retiree attraction organization, followed by the
chambers of commerce in Mercer County and Tazewell County, Va., one year later.

In 1994, CLIC organized the first statewide retiree attraction conference. Two
years later, the West Virginia Development Office formed the first statewide
retiree attraction task force.

In 2000, Greater Morgantown and Mercer and Tazewell counties became the first
designated retirement communities. In 2001, Raleigh and Summers counties
received the same nod.

To become a DRC, counties must meet certain criteria, including access to health
care, transportation, housing for various income levels, volunteer services and
recreation.

"A lot of older adults, when they retire, have a lot of time to volunteer," she
said. "And, especially with the Baby Boomers, they also will start their own
business."

Also, communities need to have an organization to keep things running, said
Ellen Taylor, director of Beckley/Raleigh County Chamber of Commerce and
co-chairwoman of RetireWV.

In Beckley, the chamber staff handles the RetireWV activities, including
answering a toll-free line for retirees seeking information and creating the
Retirement Times, a newsletter placed in the state's visitors and information
centers promoting the DRCs.

The process to apply for the designation requires several steps and lots of
paperwork, Taylor said. To be considered, the applicant groups must have a
community profile and marketing plan, as well as show examples of retiree
attractions, she said.

The process could cost a few thousand dollars, especially if the organization
has to create a community profile, she said.

Since its formation, RetireWV has developed partnerships with the state's
Division of Tourism, Development Office and Parkways Authority, along with the
state office of AARP, Mayolo said.

For example, the state Development Office developed and funded the group's Web
site, www.retirewv.org. The tourism office has helped with national advertising
by tweaking their current campaigns for publication in magazines geared toward
older adults.

There are three types of retirees the state is looking to attract: those already
living here, former West Virginians looking to come home, and amenity-seeking
retirees, Mayolo said.

Still, with West Virginia's population among the oldest in the nation, why does
the state want to attract more of the same demographic?

Retirees make a significant economic impact on a community, Mayolo said.

For example, the mature market (age 46 and older) spends more than $1 trillion
on goods and services in the United States, with 90 percent of those dollars
spent in the local communities, she said.

Retirees buy more cars, travel more often and eat out more than any other
demographic, she said.

Also, the Baby Boomers are set to inherit $5 trillion to $10 trillion in the
next 20 years, she said.

Still, West Virginia is different, Mayolo said.

"We have an aging population that is not like everyone else's," she said.
"Instead of just an economic development initiative, we need to see retiree
attraction as community development initiative with economic impact."

So, what comes first: the retirees or the designation?

It varies within the state, Mayolo said. For example, the state's panhandle
counties are ripe for retirees, she said.

With access to the D.C. Metro area, younger retirees can quit working full time,
move out to the country and commute in for part-time consulting gigs, she said.

In other parts of the state, the low cost of living and recreation are the
biggest draws. For example, the Glade Springs resort is a great spot for many
retirees because of the home construction and activities, Taylor said.

In the next couple of years, RetireWV is looking to add several other DRCs.
Ritchie and Lewis counties have already expressed some interest, Taylor said.

To help communities learn more about the program, RetireWV is hosting a seminar
in Flatwoods on Tuesday for business owners, developers and community leaders
looking to learn more about the process, Mayolo said.

Also, the group hopes to have their Web site run in-house and have more
involvement from private sector industries including banking, insurance, health
and recreation, she said.

Retiree attraction is a viable, clean industry, Mayolo said. And, the economic
development supported by RetireWV will affect all West Virginians, no matter
what their age, she said.

"We are well positioned here," she said. "We want to keep all of our population.
And if everybody looks from the perspective that what is good for an older adult
is good for everybody, we will be successful."

To attend the RetireWV workshop, contact RetireWV at (877) 987-3847 or e-mail
clic@westco.net. The workshop costs $55 and will run from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at
the Days Inn in Flatwoods.

To contact staff writer Sarah K. Winn, use e-mail or call 348-5156.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Middletown Journal (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 17, 2012 Monday

$123K from state to fund co-op programs at Cincy State

BYLINE: Michael D. Pitman, Middletown Journal, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 340 words


Dec. 17--MIDDLETOWN -- Cincinnati State Technical & Community College is
expected to receive $123,000 from the state to develop new co-op opportunities
in the city, and strengthen existing college-wide experiential learning
programs.

The funds are part of a statewide initiative from the Ohio Higher Ed department
designed to promote co-op and internship opportunities at the state's colleges
and universities. The state is investing $11 million from casino license fees
with matching funds coming from employers, including Cincinnati-based Procter &
Gamble.

"This is a win for students across Ohio, and especially for ours in the
Middletown area," said Cincinnati State President Dr. O'dell Owens.

The funds still need the approval of the State of Ohio Controlling Board, which
is scheduled to consider the request in January. Nine other community colleges
and 13 public and private universities have been awarded funding, according to
the Ohio Board of Regents.

Undergraduate programs are required to match the state funds 100 percent with
private funds. State officials estimate this initiative will create as many as
1,500 co-op and internship positions.

Owens said the college believes in a "earn as you learn" philosophy, and the
value of on-the-job experience has been proven time after time during the past
four decades.

Cincinnati State claims to have one of the country's largest cooperative
education programs.

The college's share of the state funds will help build the co-op internship
programs infrastructure at the downtown Middletown campus, university officials
said.

The proposal that earned the $123,000 grant "has long-term sustainability and
economic impact," said Monica Posey, Cincinnati State academic vice president.

"Providing employer training, developing new positions, and enhancing our
infrastructure will benefit current and future students," she said.

___ (c)2012 the Middletown Journal (Middletown, Ohio) Visit the Middletown
Journal (Middletown, Ohio) at www.middletownjournal.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121217-MD-123K-from-state-to-fund-co-op-programs-at-Cincy-State-1217-20121217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MD


                       Copyright 2012 Middletown Journal


                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            August 9, 2007 Thursday

Briefs UML gets $65G grant to boost 'creative economy'

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 564 words


LOWELL -- UMass Lowell has been awarded $65,000 in grant money from the
University of Massachusetts system to help support the region's "creative
economy."

UMass President Jack Wilson announced on Monday UMass Lowell's receipt of two
grants from the President's Initiatives Fund program, according to a UMass
Lowell news release. There were only seven such grants given out in response to
20 proposals from the four UMass campuses.

Professor Robert Forrant, of UMass Lowell's Department of Regional, Economic and
Social Development, was awarded $35,000 to help support student and outreach
efforts the economic impact of arts and culture on Lowell.

His proposal was submitted in conjunction with the Cultural Organization of
Lowell (COOL) and the Revolving Museum.

The UMass Lowell English Department's Urban Village Arts Series received $30,000
to help support the free monthly event, held the Lowell National Historical Park
visitor center, which features a variety of novelists, nonfiction writers,
sculptors, filmmakers, painters, poets, musicians and other artists.

-- MICHAEL LAFLEUR

Beautify Ayer has planning meeting

AYER -- A planning meeting for Beautify Ayer is scheduled for Thursday, Aug. 16,
at 7 p.m., at the Knights of Columbus Hall, 25 Shirley St. Individuals, groups
and people of all ages are invited to beautify Ayer by picking up trash from the
town's roads on Saturday, Sept. 29, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.

To prepare, people are needed to brainstorm, gather supplies, publicize the
events, and to invite groups, churches, schools and individuals around town to
participate. A map will be displayed at the Ayer Public Library for people to
sign up for their street preference. Sign up to patrol your own street and/or
another street in town. People may sign up by e-mail to BeautifyAyer@hotmail.com
or by contacting Susan Tordella at (978) 772-3930.

Still time to net tennis lessons in Billerica

BILLERICA -- Spots are still open for The Billerica Recreation Department's
Summer Tennis Program. Lessons are available for Tiny Tots (ages 4-6), Youth
(ages 7-12), Teens (ages 13+) and Adults. The lessons are taught by the staff of
The Next Champions and range in price from $30/week for kids to $45/week for
adults. In addition to lessons, Cardio Tennis, a program that combines cardio
training with tennis skills is offered Tuesday and Thursday evenings at a cost
of $48 for six classes.

For more information, call Billerica Recreation at (978) 671-0921.

Council on Aging vacancy in Pepperell

PEPPERELL -- Kathy Harris, a member of the Council on Aging's board, submitted
her resignation Monday, said Town Administrator Robert Hanson. The Board of
Selectmen's office is accepting applications to fill Harris' seat on the board
which runs until June 30, 2010. The deadline for either submitting a letter of
interest or a Citizen Activity Form to the selectmen's office is Aug. 22. Forms
are available on the town Web site at http://www.pepperell.ma.us . There are
seven members on the council board.

Harris wasn't immediately available for comment yesterday.

Tyngsboro Council on Aging offering rides

TYNGSBORO -- Need a ride to the grocery store? The Council on Aging offers
pick-ups every Thursday starting at 12:30 p.m. Transportation to medical
appointments is also available on Mondays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. In-town bus
fare is $1 for each way, $1.50 for out-of-town trips.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday

Unity in art // New thinking to aid cultural organizations

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 379 words


COLUMN: IN OUR OPINION

For arts and cultural organizations in Massachusetts, the recent recession might
easily have become a season of unrelieved gloom. Instead, they are teaming up
with the Massachusetts Cultural Commission to put into place tools and
initiatives that promise a cultural renaissance in the years ahead.

During a recent visit with the Telegram & Gazette's editorial board, MCC
Executive Director Anita Walker outlined the state's effort to promote the
Cultural Investment Portfolio, a new approach to arts funding that moves away
from simple year-to-year reviews of funding requests toward a multi-year,
long-term funding approach that emphasizes site visits, community discussions,
and building a broader understanding of cultural nonprofit organizations. The
goal, Ms. Walker said, is to "speak in a more collective way" about a vital
sector of the state's economy - one that provides some 37,000 jobs and an
overall economic impact of $4.2 billion annually.

Ms. Walker noted that the state's approach is closely allied to the multi-state
Cultural Data Project, which aims to provide arts organizations with access to a
database of the cultural resources enjoyed by organizations and institutions in
other participating states, whose growing ranks include Pennsylvania, Maryland,
New York, Ohio, Illinois and California.

On a practical level, the CDP and the closely related portfolio approach here in
Massachusetts will enable arts organizations to get a better handle on their
finances and investments. A standardized information form from each
participating institution means an art museum or craft center, for example, will
be able to make comparisons with similar institutions within or beyond the state
more quickly and effectively, as well as streamlining the often time-consuming
and arduous task of applying for grants.

Every community and every region has cultural treasures to share, and Central
Massachusetts - with headliners such as the Worcester Art Museum, Higgins
Armory, and Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts, plus dozens of smaller
institutions and organizations - has riches aplenty. We applaud the MCC for its
initiative in helping the arts community do a better job of telling their
stories and meeting their missions in the years ahead.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: For arts and cultural organizations in Massachusetts, the recent
recession might easily have become a season of unrelieved gloom. Instead, they
are teaming up with the Massachusetts Cultural Commission to put into place
tools and initiatives that promise a cultural renaissance in the years ahead.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

Millions from U.S. set for Great Lakes

BYLINE: Tom Henry, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 672 words


May 05--OAK HARBOR, Ohio -- With its latest round of Great Lakes Restoration
Initiative grants, the federal government is putting another $12.5 million into
fighting invasive species and reducing algae.

Seven of the 28 grants announced Wednesday by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency are for projects in northern Ohio, totaling $3.3 million.

Locally, the University of Toledo received $499,991 for invasive species
research the U.S. EPA believes will have applicability beyond Lake Erie and be
useful for all of the Great Lakes, much as a $340,000 award to the Ann
Arbor-based Great Lakes Commission and three other projects funded throughout
the eight-state region that aim to help reduce the influx of exotic plants,
fish, and animals.

Another local recipient, the Toledo Metropolitan Area Council of Governments, is
getting $497,258 to help farmers in Wood and Ottawa counties better control
algae-forming runoff from their fields. That project is targeted at keeping more
of most common fertilizers, phosphorus and nitrogen, on land in the Portage and
Toussaint watersheds.

Northern Ohio's announcements were made Wednesday in the Ottawa National
Wildlife Refuge's visitor center as thousands of birders from across the world
are converging on that part of the western Lake Erie for one of North America's
biggest eco-tourism festivals, the Biggest Week in American Birding, which
begins Friday and is operated from the nearby Maumee Bay Lodge and Conference
Center.

The presenter, U.S. EPA special adviser Cam Davis, noted the dozens of jobs and
millions of dollars in economic impact birding brings to northwest Ohio while
commenting about Lake Erie's importance as a source of drinking water and
recreation for millions.

"At the end of the day, a healthy Lake Erie is what we all want," Mr. Davis
said. "That old division between the environment and economic growth is breaking
down."

Mr. Davis was joined at the wildlife refuge by U.S. Rep. Marcy Kaptur (D.,
Toledo), Ann Longsworth Orr, northwest Ohio regional representative for U.S.
Sen. Sherrod Brown (D., Ohio), and grant recipients.

The Obama Administration began setting up the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative
shortly after President Obama took office in 2009, with aspirations of making
good on Mr. Obama's pledge during his 2008 campaign for the presidency to bring
$5 billion in new money to the historically underfunded Great Lakes region
before he left office.

It will fall far short of that goal. The program was funded at $500 million its
first year and has been funded at $300 million or less since.

The U.S. House of Representatives last week, though, authorized the Great Lakes
Restoration Initiative to continue at least another five years. It will go to
the Senate next.

Miss Kaptur, who co-chairs Congress' Great Lakes Caucus, called the Great Lakes
Restoration Initiative "critical to state and local efforts to protect Lake
Erie's freshwater future."

UT's $499,991 award will be used to analyze purchases of live species from bait
shops, outfitters, pond suppliers, and pet stores. The university also will use
DNA tracking to learn more about release pathways, Carol Stepien, UT Lake Erie
Research Center director, said.

TMACOG's $497,258 award is expected to help reduce dissolved total phosphorus
discharges to Lake Erie by 10,889 pounds over a three-year period, Kurt
Erichsen, TMACOG vice president of environmental planning, said.

It is part of a $1.3 million investment in the Portage and Toussaint watersheds
that will include $842,535 of in-kind services and money contributed by other
sources, he said.

It is estimated that 150 landowners, representing a total of 18,750 acres of
farmland, will participate. Mike Libben, Ottawa Soil and Water Conservation
District program manager, said farmers can apply for grants immediately.

Contact Tom Henry at: thenry@theblade.com, 419-724-6079, or via Twitter
@ecowriterohio.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160505-TO-Millions-from-U-S-set-for-Great-Lakes-0505-20160505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces Groundbreaking $650 Million Initiative to
Fuel Growth of a World-Class Life Science Cluster in New York

LENGTH: 2791  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Office of the Governor of New York has issued the following news
release:



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced a groundbreaking new $650 million
initiative to spur the growth of a new, world-class life science research
cluster in New York, as well as expand the state's ability to commercialize this
research and grow the economy. This multi-faceted initiative includes $250
million in tax incentives for new and existing life science companies, $200
million in state capital grants to support investment in wet-lab and innovation
space, $100 million in investment capital for early stage life science
initiatives, with an additional match of at least $100 million for operating
support from private sector partnerships.





 "New York is uniquely positioned to become a global powerhouse in the life
science sector and this groundbreaking initiative is making the investments and
establishing the programs necessary for capitalizing on our tremendous
potential," Governor Cuomo said. "From providing the incentives to attract top
talent and drive innovation, to providing the space that emerging life science
companies need to grow, we are breaking down barriers and helping the industry
gain momentum. Now, the Empire State is well-positioned to be the home of future
discoveries that will move our economy forward and save lives across the world."




 The Life Science sector encompasses the fields of biotechnology,
pharmaceuticals, biomedical technologies, life systems technologies, and
includes organizations and institutions that devote the majority of their
efforts to the various stages of research, development, technology transfer and
commercialization. Every day, firms in this sector are developing new medical
and pharmaceutical breakthroughs that have the potential to save lives, whether
through new therapies or the early detection of diseases like autism and cancer.
These firms are also making significant advancements in the realms of
agriculture and environmental biotechnologies, helping create a cleaner and more
sustainable future.



 By strengthening incentives, investing in the facilities, and improving access
to talent and expertise, New York will significantly increase its share of
industry-funded research and development, support the commercialization of
existing academic research, and usher in the next generation of advanced
technologies. Beyond the advancements in science, this initiative will position
New York to be a magnet for emerging manufacturing based enterprises, bolstering
regional economies and creating thousands of jobs.



 Specifically, the Governor's life science initiative includes:



 Providing $250 Million in Tax Incentives for New and Existing Life Sciences
Companies that are Expanding Research and Development

 To better compete with other states actively poaching New York's top life
science research talent, the state must draw more capital to this sector from
early stage and angel investors, as well as make it more attractive for existing
and new firms in life sciences to locate, invent, commercialize and produce here
in New York.



 Under the Governor's program:



     Existing life science businesses would be eligible for an annual allocation
of $10 million in Excelsior tax credits;

     New life science businesses would receive a 15 percent refundable tax
credit on all new qualifying research and development expenditures. Small
businesses in the life sciences industry could be eligible for a 20 percent
credit.

     Angel investors would receive a credit of 25 percent of their investment,
with a maximum of $250,000 per investor.



 Providing $200 Million in State Capital Grants and Offering More Than 3.2
Million Square Feet of Space and 1,100 acres of Developable Land Tax Free to
Accelerate Life Science Innovation

 Innovation in the life sciences requires state-of-the-art laboratory space,
equipment and technology. The Governor's initiative invests $200 million, over
ten years, to support the capital needs of life science entities, positioning
New York's wet labs and innovation space to be the place where future
technologies are born.



 Additionally, the lack of affordable and appropriate lab space has been cited
as a barrier to New York reaching its potential in the life sciences. To remedy
this, the state will also make more than 3.2 million square feet of innovation
space and 1,100 acres of developable land available tax free at 45 colleges and
universities statewide. The availability of grants, land and space creates an
unprecedented opportunity to expand access to wet labs, infrastructure and other
equipment essential for life sciences research, innovation and development.



 Click here for a regional breakdown of the available innovation space and
developable land.



 Governor Cuomo will announce new public-private sector partnerships resulting
from this effort during the 2017 State of the State Address.



 Providing $100 Million in Investment Capital for Early Stage Life Sciences
Initiatives, Matched by at least $100 Million from the Private Sector

 As part of New York's commitment to the growth of this sector, the state is
pledging $100 million for additional investment capital for early stage life
science firms. In addition, private sector partnerships are also pledging
matching funds for investment and operational support, bringing the total
commitment to $200 million.



 Part of the investment will include a new life science launch competition,
modeled on the highly successful 43North innovation competition, will further
support the growth of this sector. New York State will host a quarterly, 13-week
regional life science launch competition in which firms in the midst of
conducting groundbreaking research and developing emerging technologies would
compete for $25,000 grant funding. All the quarterly winners will then compete
for one of five $100,000 top business launch prizes at a statewide annual Life
Sciences Summit, which will gather top researchers, commercial firms venture
funders and policymakers together to strategize next steps for continued
aggressive growth of the life science sector.



 Developing Research and Entrepreneurial Talent Necessary for Launching and
Growing Life Science Businesses

 Access to talent and management expertise continues to be needed in order for
early stage life science firms to succeed. In order to grow this talent base in
New York, Governor Cuomo is establishing programs and partnerships that will
attract top flight researchers to work with our academic centers and medical
schools on the latest life science innovations. These include:



     A Life Sciences Internship Program will leverage New York's network of
public/private academic centers to facilitate the placement of students--or
recent graduates--enrolled in a life science field of study at a college or
university located in New York into paid internships with a partnering life
science company.

     A life sciences researcher recruitment program that will work with our
academic medical colleges and other academic programs to attract top-flight life
sciences researchers.

     Entrepreneurial Advisory Panels in Life Sciences that will match
entrepreneurs and innovators with a panel of mentors that will help guide them
in their business decisions, increasing the rate of success and growth of new
firms in New York State.

     Partnership with the Empire Clinical Research Investigator Program
administered by the New York State Department of Health, which provides over
$8.5 million annually to teaching hospitals that train physicians as clinical
researchers in order to advance life sciences research in New York to attract
and retain the best life sciences researchers.



 The Governor's multi-pronged approach will be guided by a new Life Sciences
Advisory Board, comprised of leaders in multiple life science disciplines, both
from industry and academia. The membership of the board will be announced with
the Governor's 2017 State of the State address.



 Empire State Development President, CEO & Commissioner Howard Zemsky said, "New
York State is home to many leading research institutions and life-science
clusters. Governor Cuomo's newest initiative will spur an unprecedented
investment in the life science sector, which is one of the world's fastest
growing innovation industries."



 Regeneron Founder, President and CEO Leonard S. Schleifer, MD, Ph.D. said, "I
applaud the Governor's leadership in developing this comprehensive approach to
growing our life sciences industry.  Public-private partnerships are a must and
will ensure more biotech and medical technology companies call New York State
home."



 SUNY Chancellor Nancy L. Zimpher said, "SUNY colleges and universities provide
students with engaging instruction, advanced research opportunities, and
hands-on work experience in a wide array of fields, with interest in the life
sciences is growing every day. We look forward to working with our agency and
business partners throughout New York State not only to provide state-of-the-art
facilities lab spaces, facilities, and equipment for this exciting new
initiative, but also to broaden the access our students have to applied learning
opportunities in the life sciences."



 CUNY Chancellor James B. Milliken said, "CUNY's new strategic planning is
centered on key collaborations with partners in the public and private sectors,
and today's announcement by Governor Cuomo of an exciting life sciences
initiative offers much opportunity to partner with leading businesses and
provide CUNY students valuable experiences that will help launch successful
careers. We are grateful to the Governor for this investment that will do much
to connect CUNY students and faculty with the growing life sciences sector."



 Commission on Independent Colleges and Universities President Laura L. Anglin
said, "Today Governor Cuomo is again boldly leveraging the expertise of New
York's colleges and universities to advance economic development in the state.
Private, not-for-profit campuses in every corner of the state will be partnering
with life science companies to spur critical developments and to provide key
learning opportunities for students."



 The Business Council of New York State President and CEO Heather C. Briccetti,
Esq., said, "The life and bio science sector is a key contributor to our state's
economy, and we should be doing more to encourage additional investment and
improve the talent pool for this vital industry. According to our research, the
life science sector accounts for a quarter of a million jobs and billions in
wages in New York State, and generates significant federal funds. We applaud the
Governor for announcing this initiative and ensuring New York keeps pace with,
and surpasses, the bio science investment of our fellow states."



 Pfizer Worldwide Research & Development President Dr. Mikael Dolsten said,
"This effort by the State to grow a strong life sciences industry cluster will
help sustain and expand an R&D ecosystem needed to take head-on some of
society's most serious diseases. With the governor's leadership, academic
institutions, foundations, government institutions, biopharmaceutical companies
and physicians are invited to come together to advance a vibrant life science
sector in the State. Partnership, investment and leadership are the pillars of
this proposal and Pfizer is supportive of its passage and success which further
enhances our recent decision to maintain our headquarters in New York City."



 Partnership for New York City President Kathryn Wylde said, "The Governor's
decision to build a state-wide life sciences industry cluster will be a catalyst
for creation of more than 25,000 new jobs and over $3 billion in additional
economic activity according to our analysis, putting New York State on a par
with California and Massachusetts as the nation's premiere centers of commercial
life sciences."



 Simons Foundation Chair James Simons said, "An investment by the State in the
Life Sciences is of great benefit. This type of funding will have a positive
impact both on our economy and our ability to drive scientific innovation."



 Yumanity Therapeutics Chairman and CEO Dr. Tony Cole said, "As we observed in
Massachusetts, focused leadership and resources can mobilize and accelerate the
development of a new growth sector. Given the rapid progress we are making with
cutting-edge science, this commitment by the state will attract jobs, create
economic growth and help translate new science into treatments."



 Roche Pharma Research and Early Development Global Head of Clinical Development
Judith Dunn said, "Roche established an Innovation Center in New York because we
see this as one of the world's most promising locations for life sciences
activity driven by revolutionary science and technology. We are hopeful that
clinical and commercial life sciences here will continue to flourish, and that
the Governor's program will accelerate New York's status as a premier industry
hub and encourage significant private investment in emerging companies here."



 Greater New York Hospital Association President Kenneth E. Raske said,
"Governor Cuomo's plan to make New York State a global leader in the life
sciences industry is the latest example of his deep commitment to New York's
hospital community and the patients we serve. This important initiative will
support our world-class academic medical centers and research institutions as
they pursue medical breakthroughs and therapeutic health care solutions. I
applaud the Governor for his vision and leadership."



 President & CEO of The Business Council of Westchester Dr. Marsha Gordon said,
"With the growth of the Hudson Valley as BioHud Valley, and home to Regeneron ,
Acorda Therapeutics and BioInc incubator at New York Medical College,
Westchester and the Hudson Valley region are poised to grow new life science
businesses in our region.  The support of NYS and the leadership of Governor
Cuomo will spark innovative growth and high tech job creation."



 Co-CEO of Warburg Pincus and Co-Chair of the Partnership Fund for New York City
Charles R. Kaye said, "Research conducted by our Partnership Fund has
established that life sciences can be New York's next high growth industry. We
thank Governor Cuomo for recognizing this opportunity and believe his
initiatives will help put New York at the forefront of the global life sciences
industry."



 Co-Chairs of the Governor's New York City Regional Economic Development Council
Winston Fisher, Partner in Fisher Brothers, and Cheryl Moore, President of the
New York Genome Center said, "The Governor's initiative is critical to
translating our state's excellence in medical research into a source of new jobs
and economic activity. Life Sciences is one of the fastest growing industries in
the world and our city and state are positioned to be at its forefront."



 President & CEO of the Long Island Association and co-Chair of the Governor's
Long Island Regional Economic Development Council Kevin Law said, "With this
level of leadership from Governor Cuomo, we can insure that  the life sciences
industry will be a major factor in the future of Long Island."



 Under Governor Cuomo's leadership, New York has made unprecedented investments
in the knowledge economy. Over the past five years, New York's Centers for
Advanced Technology and Centers of Excellence programs helped create or retain
22,396 jobs and generate $4.9 billion in economic impact. Additionally, the
Governor's Innovation Hot Spots and New York State Certified Business Incubators
programs, which provide mentorship, shared facilities and product development
services to early-stage companies, have generated over $177 million in economic
impact in their first year. New York Manufacturing Extension Partnership, which
assists small manufacturers to design and implement product and process
innovation, helped create or retain 20,677 jobs and generated nearly $3.4
billion in economic impact.



 Acting through the pioneering programs of the New York State Department of
Health's Wadsworth Center Laboratory, Governor Cuomo has also invested more than
$216 million to further basic, applied, translational or other research and
development activities that will advance scientific discoveries in fields
related to stem cell biology through the New York State Stem Cell Science
program; $5.5 million to support breast cancer research studies and education
projects through the Health Research and Science Board program; and $24 million
in research grants to find a cure for spinal cord injuries through the Spinal
Cord Injury Research Board.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

Central Market Trust Looks Ahead

BYLINE: Bernard Harris

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

bharris@lnpnews.com

With the yearlong, $7 million renovation of Lancaster's Central Market behind
them, the operators of the historic market paused.

"After we took a breath, we said: 'What comes next? Where are we going,' " said
Peter Olmsted, chairman of the Lancaster Central Market Trust.

The result was a strategic plan that looks both inward at operations of the
123-year-old public market house and outward at the surrounding community.

The strategic plan, developed early this year, will guide the nonprofit
organization for the next three years. It was unveiled Wednesday at the trust's
annual meeting in Southern Market Center.

The plan has four focus areas:

Achieve financial stability and growth.

Explore the establishment of a market district.

Fully understand and define the market's social and economic role in the
community.

Outreach to serve the public good.

Market Manager Jessica Mailhot reported the market is operationally strong. All
the stands are filled and there is a waiting list of others eager to join the
mix of produce, prepared food, flower, bakery, coffee and other stands.

In a quest for additional revenue, the trust has rented the market's mezzanine
for a private party and hopes to do more, Mailhot said. It has also partnered
with the Lancaster Marriott at Penn Square hotel for lunch vouchers for groups
that allow them to get food at different stands.

The market has continued to receive community support, with $10,000 donated
during last fall's "Extraordinary Give" fundraising initiative of the Lancaster
County Community Foundation and 18,500 "likes" on the market's facebook page,
Mailhot said.

Olmsted said data gathered as part of a economic impact study will help the
trust apply for grants to fund new initiatives.

The city streetscape project beginning in November is a good time for the trust
to begin looking outside the market walls, Olmsted said.

The city will be replace the paving stones, add benches and trash receptacles
around the market. It follows the renovation of the market building completed
two years ago.

Under the strategic plan, the trust will reach out to surrounding businesses and
may seek to define the area as the "market district," much as Galley Row has
defined the city's arts district, Olmsted said.

"What does it mean to to have a district that both supports market and draws
from market at the same time," he asked.

He said the organization will seek answers to that question and others over the
next two years.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Farmington Daily Times

                            February 23, 2004 Monday

Business Briefs:

BYLINE: ,The Daily Times

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1084 words


Burlington supports Good Samaritan with $10,000

FARMINGTON - Burlington Resources Foundation has awarded Four Corners Good
Samaritan

Village in Aztec a $10,000 grant to use toward the implementation of our newly
named Silver

Medallion Senior Wellness Program.

With this award, the Four Corners Good Samaritan Village Advisory Board and
Senior Wellness

Project Team can move one step closer to bringing a senior wellness program to
Aztec. This

comprehensive, out-come based senior wellness program integrates, balances and
blends whole

person health concepts with six dimensions of wellness: physical, emotional,
intellectual, social,

vocational and spiritual.

The next step will be the formal establishment of a Senior Wellness Community
Coalition. Many

individuals, service organizations and businesses are currently supportive
partners for senior

wellness and they as well as companies like Burlington Resources are making the
dream of the

Silver Medallion Senior Wellness Program become a reality.

San Juan College receives simulator

FARMINGTON - The Commercial Driver's License program of the Regional Energy
Training

Center of San Juan College is expected to be the first in the country to receive
the new Keller's

SAFE SIM TM Truck Driving Simulator, according to Maury Tiehen, CDL instructor.

The instructors are excited about this enhancement to the program Tiehen said.

Using the simulator, students will participate in interactive training for
hazard perception,

defensive driving, extreme conditions emergency maneuvers and crash avoidance.

Approximately 160 students completed the five-week Truck Driving Course in 2003.

  For more

information, contact the Regional Energy Training Center at (505) 327-5705, or
come to the

Program Information Orientation from 4 to 5 p.m. each Friday at 800 S. Hutton
Rd.

St. John's College announces $4.5 million investment

SANTA FE - The governing body of St. John's College has approved the Santa Fe
Initiative, a

plan to invest $4.5 million to enhance student life and improve the physical
plant of the college's

Santa Fe campus. With a goal to jump-start needed campus improvements to support
student

recruitment and retention efforts, the college's 60-member Board of Visitors and
Governors

endorsed the plan at its January meeting.

Committed to providing small classes and an 8-to-1 student-to-faculty ratio, St.
John's has

sacrificed some aspects of student life and campus maintenance to support the
college's unique

educational program, said Christopher Nelson, president of the Annapolis campus
and interim

president in Santa Fe. However, the college's Management Committee recognized
that the Santa

Fe campus needs attention now, even as the college approaches a fund-raising
campaign to

support major improvements identified by the college's strategic plan.

"What we hope to do with our upcoming capital campaign, with the Santa Fe
Initiative as a

beginning, is to recognize our goal of improving the quality of community life
and the quality of

physical facilities to reflect the quality of our academic program," Nelson
said.

"These are similar to investments we have recently made in Annapolis, and just
the just the start

of what we need to do over a decade or longer."

The initiative provides $2.2 million over five years to the operating budget to
support student life,

the assistant dean's office, career services, a paid internship program for
students, additional

buildings and grounds staff, and improved security. Another $2.3 million will be
invested in

physical improvements to the campus. Those improvements include the renovation
of at least two

of the six science laboratories; resurfacing roadways and parking lots, curbs,
and centrally

located walkways; adding a new parking lot; repairing concrete walls and steps;
installing uniform

campus lighting; installing patios for outdoor study and social life; and adding
new signs and a

security kiosk to establish a more formal campus entrance.

Research expert to speak at tourism conference

ALBUQUERQUE - Suzanne D. Cook, Ph.D., senior vice president of research and
technology

of the Travel Industry Association of America, is the keynote speaker at the
Tourism Research

and Marketing Conference, presented by the Tourism Association of New Mexico
March 3-4.

Cook oversees the work of TIA's research department in Washington as well as the
association's

technological initiatives and its web site. She directs a multi-faceted program
of marketing,

economic and international research and report publications.

The conference opens March 3, noon-5 p.m., at the University of New Mexico
Continuing

Education Complex at 1634 University Blvd., and concludes March 4, 8-11:30 a.m.
The cost is

$25 for Tourism Association of New Mexico members and $35 for non-members, $10
more after

Feb. 20. Online registration is available at www.tanm.org. Seating is limited.

TIA's research program includes the Travel Economic Impact Model, the only
national model that

provides consistent and comparable estimates of both domestic and international
travel's

economic impact at the national, state, and local levels.

TIA also conducts the TIA Travel Survey and TravelScope, two ongoing surveys
providing national

as well as state and city specific data on Americans' travel behavior. Cook was
instrumental in

the development of both of these surveys. She also oversees TIA's international
research program

that provides ongoing analysis of travel to the U.S. from 25 key origin markets.
These analyses

are made available through the International Visitor Information System on TIA's
web site

(http://www.tia.org/).

Cook has served as president and chairperson of the Board of the International
Travel and

Tourism Research Association (TTRA). Travel Agent Magazine named Cook one of the
200 most

powerful women in the travel industry and TTRA has awarded her its highest and
most prestigious

award, The Lifetime Achievement Award.

Other topics being presented at the conference include the latest information on
the new regional

drive markets for New Mexico; using the state visitor centers as a marketing
tool; working with

the state tourism department and tourism regions; making the most of web sites;
developing a

marketing plan; and measuring advertising effectiveness.

Information: Debbie Scott, executive director of the Tourism Association of New
Mexico, (505)

345-5553.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Daily Times (Farmington, NM)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               November 18, 2015

Firms to Get Microsoft Seed Fund to Improve Access to Affordable Internet

BYLINE: Emeka Aginam

LENGTH: 439 words


Microsoft Corp. has launched a new fund to cultivate companies with solutions
that bring affordable Internet access to underserved markets.

With the new development, selected companies will receive cash awards along with
free technology and mentorship from Microsoft to scale solutions that help close
the digital divide.

Eligible companies, according to Microsoft have until January 15, 2016 as
deadline for application.

The fund is part of Microsoft's Affordable Access Initiative, which invests in
new last-mile access technologies, cloud-based services and applications, and
business models that can reduce the cost of Internet access and help more people
affordably get online.

"Today there are approximately 4 billion people globally without Internet
access," Peggy Johnson, executive vice president of business development at
Microsoft, said, adding that, "The ability to close that gap is more achievable
than ever with technology that is readily available and affordable in many parts
of the world.

Through this fund, we hope to kick-start the entrepreneurial process by
identifying promising ideas that we can help nurture, grow and scale."

Under its Affordable Access Initiative, Microsoft partners with Internet access
providers and other public and private sector entities on innovative and
practical connectivity and services solutions designed to deliver the greatest
socio-economic impact to the greatest number of people.

Examples of other efforts underway included:

*Microsoft's deployment of TV white spaces technology, which repurposes TV
frequencies not being used locally to provide affordable, robust Internet access
to entire communities. With its partners, Microsoft is currently deploying the
technology in 17 countries and five continents.

*Microsoft 4Afrika Initiative, a multiyear initiative through which Microsoft is
actively engaging in Africa's economic development to improve its global
competitiveness through locally relevant innovation, affordable access and
skills development.

Applicants must be commercial organizations with two or more full-time employees
and have a prototype of a working solution and preferably paying customers.

Such products and business models might combine new cloud services and
applications, low-cost forms of Internet connectivity, and new payment
mechanisms designed for consumers and smaller businesses in underserved markets.

In addition to receiving on average approximately $75,000 in funding and free
software and services, recipients will also have the opportunity to participate
in a program offered by Microsoft to connect with other grant recipients and
potential funders.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

ArtPlace America funds the first maker festival in Macon, Ga.

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: Washington


Knight Foundation has issued the following news release:

 It's a smart move for communities to promote local makers-studies have shown
that local businesses can generate up to 70 percent more local economic impact
per square foot than big box retailers. To this end, Macon, Ga. will host
Make-End, the city's first maker festival, this year in November. The festival
is a partnership between SparkMacon, a community innovation or "makerspace," and
the College Hill Alliance, a placemaking organization that has received multiple
Knight Foundation grants and was a 2015 Knight Cities Challenge winner.

Festival organizers are currently accepting applications and hope to have 150
makers exhibit their work at this two-day event. There are two categories for
vending opportunities: One division focuses on interactive displays, and the
other section will consist of retail displays where the makers sell their
crafts. The deadline to submit an application is August 31. The participating
vendors will be selected by a panel of entrepreneurs, leaders and makers.

The Make-End planning committee is also issuing a call for featured attractions,
such as Robot Resurrection out of Denver-an awe-inspiring, 30-foot robot made of
airplane pieces. In addition to big attractions, the festival is accepting
applications for ambassadors to help market the event, and volunteers for the
festival are also needed. Organizers say more sponsors would be appreciated,
too.

"The College Hill Alliance has been awarded a $125,000 grant from ArtPlace
America to create a maker festival," said Nadia Osman, the director of
revitalization and business initiatives for the College Hill Alliance, as well
as a founding board of director member for SparkMacon. "Our original grant
request was doubled to ensure that the event is impactful and sustainable. As
the only ArtPlace America recipient in the state, we are greatly honored and
excited to begin work on this project. (Knight Foundation is a founding funder
of ArtPlace America.)


Photo courtesy of College Hill Alliance.

Make-End seems like a natural evolution of Macon Made, a College Hill Alliance
program that was founded in 2014. The initiative was kicked off by commissioning
local graphic designer Jason Frost to create the logo that has been used to
brand the local maker movement. He designed the Macon Made logo with intentions
of customizing it at the request of local creators and businesses. This branding
has been instrumental in various ways throughout the community by boosting
morale and instilling a sense of Macon pride-it's been placed everywhere from
the helmets of Mercer University football players to buckets of brewed beer from
the Macon Beer Company.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

Students win grant to build community center in Peru

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - Two rising Holy Cross juniors, one of whom is a Bolton resident,
have received a $10,000 Projects for Peace grant from the Davis United World
College Scholars Program to construct a community center on the outskirts of
Chiclayo, Lambayeque, a struggling region off Peru's northern coast.

Philip McNamara, of Bolton, and Edward Ryan, who is a Peruvian dual citizen
living in Pasadena Calif., will spend most of the month of August helping with
the construction. McNamara is a biology major with a minor in chemistry. Ryan is
an economics major with a concentration in peace and conflict studies.

The center will serve as a foundation out of which smaller community initiatives
will be run, which the students refer to as a "social justice collective."

The students hope the community involvement will expedite construction and
foster a sense of community achievement and responsibility. The center is
expected to open by mid-August.

Chiclayo is a city in Northern Peru surrounded by "pueblo jovenes" (young
towns), a nickname given to the many shantytowns that surround cities in Peru.
They are inhabited by mostly indigenous Peruvians and dotted with
poorly-constructed shacks which lack running water and other basic services.
Nearly 80 percent of indigenous Peruvians live in poverty, according to UNICEF
Peru.

"Hopelessness is compounded by harsh realities such as lack of education and
food," McNamara and Ryan wrote in their proposal. "This creates a sense of
turmoil and despair, giving rise to antisocial attitudes that lead some to
abandon their families. Others, equally desperate, turn to crime to feed their
family. In both instances, abuse of spouse and children is common, as is the
abuse of alcohol and drugs."

The planned three-room, one-bathroom community center will stimulate new
community initiatives and centralize those already begun. In an effort to break
the cycle of violence, poverty and drug activity, the students will work with
the people and promote virtues such as self-reliance, personal responsibility,
and the concern for others inherent in teamwork.

Ryan and McNamara said their differing aspirations, but similar values and work
ethic, drew them to collaborate. They have been roommates since their freshman
year and have spent nearly two years planning and executing their current
initiative. Despite their different interests and academic studies, Ryan said
they "take cue from Kant that the two things that fill us the most with awe and
admiration are `the starry skies above and the moral law within.'"

Ryan has traversed Peru multiple times and is a Peruvian citizen who has lived
in Chiclayo. He speaks Spanish and French and has construction experience from
working in Tijuana, Mexico. He was on campus earlier this summer as a research
assistant for Joshua Congdon-Hohman, assistant professor of economics, exploring
the local economic impact of primary elections, and Charles Anderton, professor
of economics, examining risk factors for violence against civilians in armed
conflict.

McNamara speaks Spanish and gained construction experience after volunteering
with church groups in Biloxi, Miss., following Hurricane Katrina. A lab
researcher at Holy Cross' microbiology lab, he said he hopes to use his medical
interests to form connections with Chiclayo's local hospital, therefore
improving the standards of health and sanitation in the process. He spent a
month this summer shadowing a surgeon at Tufts Medical Center in Boston.

Ryan and McNamara will stay with Ryan's cousin and their family in a
recently-constructed living space on top of their house that will serve as an
outpost for future work while conducting this project. Ryan said the family's
kindness and determination will help provide safe travel into the area's more
dangerous districts. Their budget includes Kevlar vests and other items
necessary for their work in hostile environments.

McNamara and Ryan acknowledge the profound difficulty in the task of
"establishing peace," but said they are determined, nonetheless, to pursue its
solutions. They have finalized a nonprofit organization, Many Hands, Inc., at
www.manyhands.us, to carry out their ambitions.

ART: PHOTO

PHOTOG: Photo for The Item/JOHN BUCKINGHAM

CUTLINE: Edward Ryan is on the left and Philip McNamara on the right.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - Two rising Holy Cross juniors, one of whom is a Bolton
resident, have received a $10,000 Projects for Peace grant from the Davis United
World College Scholars Program to construct a community center on the outskirts
of Chiclayo, Lambayeque, a struggling region off Peru's northern coast. Philip
McNamara, of Bolton, and Edward Ryan, who is a Peruvian dual citizen living in
Pasadena Calif., will spend most of the month of August helping with the
construction. McNamara is a biology major with a minor in chemistry. Ryan is an
economics major with a concentration in peace and conflict studies. The center
will serve as a foundation out of which smaller community initiatives will be
run, which the students refer to as a "social justice collective."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                          February 20, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Corporate services to face budget test

BYLINE: Mark Nielsen, The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 536  words


The corporate services department, service agreements with the Prince George
Public Library, Initiatives Prince George, and cultural, promotional and social
grants will be on the agenda when city council holds a budget meeting tonight.

Corporate services will be the topic during the 4:30 to 6 p.m. session. The
department, responsible for financial services, human resources, supply and
fleet services and systems, is asking for $7.7 million from the taxpayer for
2008, a 3.9-per-cent increase over last year.

During the 7 to 10 p.m. session, the library will be asking for $3.2 million,
about $32,000 more than last year, while Initiatives Prince George will be
seeking $1.3 million, $14,000 more than last year.

Council will also be asked to approve a grants budget totaling $873,000, a
30-per-cent jump over last year, due largely to a doubling of the grant to the
Northern Sport Centre to $300,000.

Fifteen minutes is set aside at the start of each session to allow the public to
make their views known to council on the items.

Council will also consider several more "service enhancements" that would
increase the property tax levy if accepted during the final meeting on Feb. 27:

- Accounting and reporting tangible capital assets ($185,000, 0.29 per cent):
Required to maintain the appropriate level of financial reporting, but is also
meant to provide better ability to evaluate the city's assets, according to a
staff report.

Other major proposals, in order of expense are:

- Fees for Olympic pre-qualifying curling trials ($300,000, 0.47 per cent):
Council already voted 7-1 in January to set aside the amount in case the city
wins the bid to host the event, which is estimated to generate an economic
impact of $1.9 million.

- Add mechanics to RCMP fleet services ($166,368, 0.26 per cent): Would pay for
two new mechanics.

- Contribute to Rotary Hospice House renovation and expansion ($150,000, 0.24
per cent): Would make the city a key contributor towards the $2.2-million
project. The Prince George Hospice Society hopes to start work on the project in
April and see it completed by November.

- Increase budget for City Centre Ventures ($102,000, 0.16 per cent): Would
cover salary and expenses for one full-time director for nine months.

- Public art trust ($75,000, 0.11 per cent): Would be used to build up trust
over next five years to carry out projects suggested by public art advisory
committee.

- Additions to grants for Theatre North West, Community Arts Council and
festivals ($69,000, 0.11 per cent): TNW would get an extra $46,000 raising grant
from city to $118,000, while Community Arts Council would get $8,000 more for a
$16,000 total. Festival grants would be a new category.

Other requests include a human resources advisor, ($51,620, 0.08 per cent), a
leadership development program, ($50,000, 0.08 per cent), community heritage
strategic plan ($25,500, 0.04 per cent), active communities co-ordinator
($17,000, 0.03 per cent) and Prince George Athletic Commission trips to annual
general meetings ($6,000, 0.01 per cent).

The 2008 budget and meeting agendas can be downloaded from the city website.

Go to www.city.pg.bc.ca, click on city hall, click on agendas and scroll down to
budget meetings.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Williamson Daily News (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Grants should help regional economy

BYLINE: Kyle Lovern, Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1029 words


Sept. 06--WILLIAMSON -- The region recently was awarded some huge federal grants
which should have a tremendous impact on the economy. Most everyone would agree
that this area needs positive news and the announcements of millions in grant
money will be a shot in the arm for this part of Appalachia.

The grants are expected to have a $73 million impact on the region.

The Williamson Health and Wellness Center received a $45,000 Cool and Connected
grant, which will help leverage broadband and Wi-Fi access in downtown
Williamson.

"This should help open some businesses and enhance healthcare technology," said
WHWC Community Liaison Darrin McCormick.

Williamson was one of only 10 nationally that was awarded money from this rural
broadband grant. The hopes are that this will be the beginning of getting more
broadband into other parts of the county, which is greatly needed.

Dr. Donovan "Dino" Beckett said that the grants received are significant to
county and regional partners for several projects in the works. "These will have
a direct impact," he added.

Beckett sees all of the grants as an economic boost for the region, even the $7
million the University of Pikeville received for its Kentucky College of
Optometry.

"That will help southern W.Va., eastern Kentucky and southwestern Va.," Beckett
stated.

The $1.8 million received for Coalfield Development Corporation, which has
projects in both Mingo and Wayne Counties is an example of entrepreneurship.
"This will expand job training and produce 85 new jobs," McCormick said. "We are
partners with them. They have already brought in new jobs, which are something
we need in this region."

Beckett serves on the board of directors for the Mingo County Redevelopment
Authority (MCRA). They organization got money to help with the infrastructure at
the Air Transportation Park. Both Beckett and McCormick think this project could
create jobs and help attract businesses, and have an additional economic impact
on the region.

Money to build a new hangar for the airport was recently approved.

"The POWER Initiative has not only provided programmatic funds which have
allowed us to expand the local foods success into a more regional effort that we
call Refresh Appalachia, but it's also facilitated regional partnerships, and
through those partnerships, the creation of innovative collaborations that are
generating sustainable job opportunities for our county and for the entire
region," said Leasha Johnson, Executive Director of the MCRA.

Other grant money went to the Hatfield -- McCoy Trail Authority which should
help with tourism and hopefully develop more jobs in southern W.Va.

Beckett said that combining all of the grants and considering the impact they
could have is just the beginning of some optimistic views and the ripple effect
can turn into millions of dollars for the region.

"There are significant totals," McCormick said. "There has been a lot of time
invested by several individuals and organizations."

"This is the multiplier effect -- when you see these things happening -- we have
to create sustainability," Beckett stated.

"Another thing that is very important is that we have a track record now. We
have been a good steward of the money they have given us," Beckett stressed. "We
have invested that into the community and have been able to increase revenue. We
are thinking outside of the box. Now they have confidence in our organizations,
like the Mingo County Redevelopment Authority, that we are going to do the best
we can with that money. They have confidence in investing in us."

"We hope to see more investments and economic development. The thing we are
doing is collaborating with several of these groups," Dr. Beckett concluded. "We
need to continue this collaboration and work in unison."

Here is a list of some of the grants received for this region:

University of Pikeville in Pikeville, Ky. for the Kentucky College of Optometry

$7,474,100 total (a $4,974,100 EDA grant and a $2,500,000 ARC grant) to the
University of Pikeville in Pikeville, Ky. for the Kentucky College of Optometry
(KYCO) project. POWER funds will be used to purchase equipment, instructional
supplies, and other materials to help launch a new College of Optometry. The
college will both grow the healthcare workforce and improve access to vision
care in Central Appalachia. KYCO will be only the second optometry college in
the Appalachian Region, and will primarily serve Eastern Kentucky, Southern West
Virginia, and Southwestern Virginia. Within the first three years of the award,
KYCO will graduate 60 optometrists, provide care to 12,000 patients, and bring
$26,000,000 in direct economic impact to the regional economy.

Transportation Park Upgrade through Mingo County Redevelopment Authority and
Mingo County Public Service District -- Williamson/Mingo County

EDA Funding -- $1,648,400: This upgrade will provide potable water to the Mingo
County Air Transportation Park in central Mingo County where light and advanced
manufacturing economic development projects will be sited atop a reclaimed
surface mine.

Coalfield Development Corporation for the Appalachian Social Entrepreneurship
Investment Strategy -- Wayne County

ARC Funding -- $1,870,000 : Funding will be used to incubate job-creating social
enterprises, scale-up Coalfield Development Corporation's on-the-job
training/education/life skills workforce development model, and expand its
service territory to other areas in southern West Virginia.

Hatfield McCoy Regional Recreation Authority for the Southern Coalfields
Sustainable Tourism & Entrepreneurship Program -- Man/Logan County

ARC Funding -- $1,372,275 : Funding will develop and implement a comprehensive
program to expand tourism-related employment and businesses in southern West
Virginia

(Kyle Lovern is the Managing Editor for the Civitas Media Mountain District
including the Williamson Daily News and Logan Banner. He can be contacted at
klovern@civitasmedia.com or at 304-235-4242, ext. 2277 or on Twitter
@KyleLovern.)

___ (c)2016 Williamson Daily News (Williamson, W.Va.) Visit Williamson Daily
News (Williamson, W.Va.) at www.williamsondailynews.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160906-UX-Grants-should-help-regional-economy-0906-20160906

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UX


                      Copyright 2016 Williamson Daily News


                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 August 3, 2009

A new centerpiece for convention strategy;
ICVA assembles team to help city attract medical, science groups

LENGTH: 1144 words


A new centerpiece for convention strategy ICVA assembles team to help city
attract medical, science groups

The Indianapolis Convention and Visitors Association is putting together an
all-star corporate consortium to make the city a hub for medical and life
sciences conventions, meetings and trade shows.

The ICVA began running the initiative fullspeed this year and already has signed
deals to bring 40 medical meetings to Indianapolis through 2015, including
annual meetings for the American Association of Diabetes Educators in 2012 and
the American College of Sports Medicine and American Chemical Society in 2013.

Those three gatherings alone will bring $30 million in direct visitor spending
to Indianapolis, predicted ICVA CEO Don Welsh.

"If you look at the demographics of these conventions and meetings, you can see
why it's such a prime target," Welsh said. "The economics of these gatherings
show us [attendees]

buy first-class hotel rooms, pay fair market value for convention space and eat
in high-end restaurants."

Life sciences currently generates as little as 4 percent of Indianapolis'
convention and visitor business, but within a few years Welsh said it could
account for 20 percent. Sports is the city's largest convention and visitor
money maker, Welsh said, making up 24 percent of the pie.

A 2006 study by Washington D.C.-based industry analyst D.K. Shifflet and
Associates showed the city's annual visitor spending hitting $3.6 billion.

But the money spent, while considerable, is just the tip of the iceberg. ICVA
and its partners in the endeavor hope exposure from the gatherings gives the
region further gravitas as a life sciences hub. That, BioCrossroads President
David Johnson said, will help build the credibility of companies located here.

"If we could make Indianapolis ground zero for these types of meetings, that
would be a tremendous way to show the strengths of this community in a way
others in the industry don't nor- mally think of," said Johnson, whose
organization heads economic development for Indiana's life sciences initiative.

IUPUI Chancellor Charles Bantz thinks attracting the conventions and meetings to
Indianapolis is a critical pillar in making life sciences here known around the
world and recruiting the best and brightest students.

If conferences come to Indianapolis, he said it would be natural for medical and
life science experts from such places as IUPUI and Lilly to be featured speakers
and sit on panels, further raising their profiles and that of the entire region.

"Building the awareness [of Indianapolis] is much more important than I would
have believed 20 years ago," Bantz said. "It's crucial to give people a reason
to be here and this is one way to do that."

Bantz, who is working with the ICVA on the initiative, said Indianapolis
officials have to be bold. "You hear a lot about Hoosier humility," Bantz said.
"Normally, it's a great quality, but now is not the time for that. We made life
sciences a focus, and we have to find a way to make that happen."

Pillar partners key to success

Welsh saw life sciences and medical meetings boost Seattle, where he worked in a
similar role previous to coming to the ICVA last June.

Earlier this year, Welsh hired Ronnie Burt, who worked closely with Johns
Hopkins University to build Baltimore's life sciences and medical convention
business.

It's critical for ICVA to work with a handful of key corporate partners in
building the initiative, said Welsh, who partnered in Seattle with the
University of Washington medical system and drugmaker Amgen, a California-based
company with annual revenue of $15 billion and a strong presence in the western
U.S.

Here, Welsh and Burt, ICVA's senior vice president of sales and services, have
put together a consortium that includes BioCrossroads, Eli Lilly and Co.,
Clarian Health, IUPUI, Elanco and Dow AgroSciences.

"Our partners are the ones that have the contacts and are critical in helping us
attract these global organizations," Welsh said. "We really believe, once we
have [global life science companies'] attention, with all the amenities this
city has to offer, we can make some significant deals."

The timing, with the airport midfield terminal opening last November and the
Indiana Convention Center expanding, is ideal for such an initiative, Welsh
said.

"We'll have the capacity and infrastructure here to host events that, frankly,
we couldn't before," Welsh said. "We're looking at a new horizon."

When the $275 million convention center expansion opens in late 2010, ICVA will
have a total of 1.2 million square feet to fill at the convention center and
Lucas Oil Stadium-475,600 square feet more than now.

Competition growing

Along with Seattle and Baltimore, the prime competitors for life sciences and
medical events are Boston, Chicago, Philadelphia and San Diego, ICVA officials
said.

Bonnie Grant, executive director of the Greater Philadelphia Life Sciences
Congress, a new division of the Philadelphia Convention & Visitors Bureau, said,
"Quite a few cities are awakening to the potential economic impact of life
sciencesrelated convention and meetings business. The cities that get a foothold
in this sector early will clearly gain a big advantage in this fast-growing
sector."

With hundreds of million of dollars in annual economic impact at stake, John
Livengood, president of the Restaurant & Hospitality Association of Indiana,
said the potential shows why ICVA's marketing budget is so important.

"We have to make sure these people have the resources to do their job ...,"
Livengood said. "We support using the hotel tax to promote initiatives like
this."

ICVA sent a 14-person delegation to one of the nation's largest gatherings of
life sciences companies-Bio Convention-which was held in Atlanta in May. There,
Burt said, ICVA officials made appointments to showcase the city to 34
organizations, including the American Occupational Therapy Association, Cystic
Fibrosis Foundation, Genetics Society of America, American Medical Colleges and
the American Society of Health System Pharmacists.

"We have some very solid leads," Burt said, "and in some cases we're already
working on proposals."

Most of the medical and life sciences organizations ICVA officials are talking
to had little idea what Indianapolis had to offer, Burt said.

Burt and Welsh aren't intimidated by the increasing competition.

"With the convention center expansion, new midfield terminal and Lucas Oil
Stadium, we have a great story to tell right now," Burt said. "We have something
going on in this city that isn't going on anywhere else."

Since the economic downturn has all but stifled construction of convention
centers and major hotels across the U.S., Indianapolis should have some of the
newest, best amenities for years to come. And once Indianapolis earns the
business, Welsh is confident the city will be able to retain it.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Duke Energy electrifies the North Carolina arts community through $566,000 in
grants

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:



  Ten cultural and arts nonprofit organizations in North Carolina are receiving
more than $566,000 in grants from the Duke Energy Foundation to support arts
appreciation and educational programs that foster community vitality.





 "Arts and cultural programs unite the diverse communities we serve," said David
Fountain, Duke Energy North Carolina president. "We are proud to invest in
programs expanding access to and fostering appreciation of arts and culture in
our state."



 The grants, from the Duke Energy Foundation, will help enhance arts, music,
cultural and professional development programs, allowing the organizations to
continue strengthening and expanding their work within our communities.



 "Duke Energy is a true 'triple threat' arts partner through its support for our
main stage and educational programming, engaged and proactive volunteers and
professional development opportunities for our team," said Lisa Barrie,
president and CEO, NC Theatre. "The board and staff of North Carolina Theatre
are deeply grateful for the support of Duke Energy, and Raleigh is a stronger
community because of its engagement."



 The following organizations are receiving grants to strengthen arts and
cultural initiatives in North Carolina.



 Carolina Ballet - $175,000 for the 2016-17 season and Arts Access Initiative,
which allows the ballet company to offer affordable performances and continue
providing complimentary and discounted tickets to people who wouldn't otherwise
be able to attend performances.



 Durham Arts Council - $15,000 for the Creating Community through the Arts
initiative, which supports classes, artist residencies and exhibits. The program
serves more than 900,000 participants, provides more than 1,000 jobs and has a
collective economic impact exceeding $125 million annually.



 Jazz Arts Initiative - $10,000 for the Jazz in Schools program, which provides
interactive educational assembly programs to Title I Schools with economically
disadvantaged K-12 students.



 Blumenthal Performing Arts Center - $26,150 for the Duke Energy Ticket
Scholarship Fund, which provides 390 tickets to underserved youth and families
in partnership with area nonprofit organizations.



 North Carolina Opera - $60,000 to support the upcoming season and the Opera In
Schools programs, including Opera 101 and Poetry in Song.



 North Carolina Symphony - $175,000 for the Statewide Music Education Sustainer,
which provides music education to 60,000 school children annually in 31
counties, many of which are rural and under-resourced areas with limited access
to the arts.



 North Carolina Theatre - $40,000 for Program Excellence and Project Support,
which impacts 5,000 young people throughout Wake County with a combination of
training, performances and education/outreach activities, including
Theatre4Change, a classroom-based peer-to-peer conflict resolution workshop
series for underprivileged youth.



 PineCone, The Piedmont Council of Traditional Music - $15,000 to support
programs for the 2016-17 year. PineCone programs include concerts, festivals,
youth music camps and more. More than 90 percent of the programs are offered to
the public at no cost.



 United Arts Council of Raleigh and Wake County - $25,000 for the Artists in
Schools Program and Development Capacity Growth for Wake Nonprofit Arts Groups.
This project helps maintain and increase cultural access for more than 6,000
Wake K-5 students from low-income households. In addition, this project provides
first-year participation fees for 10 Wake County arts organizations in a
cloud-based software service.



 Winston-Salem Arts Council - $25,000 for the Duke Energy Regional Artist
Project, which awards seed capital grants to local creative entrepreneurs in
addition to connecting startups with a wealth of membership and publicity
assets.



 Duke Energy Foundation



 The Duke Energy Foundation provides philanthropic support to address the needs
of the communities where its customers live and work. In 2015, the foundation
provided more than $30 million in charitable gifts. The foundation's education
focus spans kindergarten to career, particularly science, technology,
engineering and math (STEM), early childhood literacy and workforce development.
It also supports the environment and community impact initiatives, including
arts and culture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Duke Energy electrifies the North Carolina arts community through $566,000 in
grants

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:



  Ten cultural and arts nonprofit organizations in North Carolina are receiving
more than $566,000 in grants from the Duke Energy Foundation to support arts
appreciation and educational programs that foster community vitality.





 "Arts and cultural programs unite the diverse communities we serve," said David
Fountain, Duke Energy North Carolina president. "We are proud to invest in
programs expanding access to and fostering appreciation of arts and culture in
our state."



 The grants, from the Duke Energy Foundation, will help enhance arts, music,
cultural and professional development programs, allowing the organizations to
continue strengthening and expanding their work within our communities.



 "Duke Energy is a true 'triple threat' arts partner through its support for our
main stage and educational programming, engaged and proactive volunteers and
professional development opportunities for our team," said Lisa Barrie,
president and CEO, NC Theatre. "The board and staff of North Carolina Theatre
are deeply grateful for the support of Duke Energy, and Raleigh is a stronger
community because of its engagement."



 The following organizations are receiving grants to strengthen arts and
cultural initiatives in North Carolina.



 Carolina Ballet - $175,000 for the 2016-17 season and Arts Access Initiative,
which allows the ballet company to offer affordable performances and continue
providing complimentary and discounted tickets to people who wouldn't otherwise
be able to attend performances.



 Durham Arts Council - $15,000 for the Creating Community through the Arts
initiative, which supports classes, artist residencies and exhibits. The program
serves more than 900,000 participants, provides more than 1,000 jobs and has a
collective economic impact exceeding $125 million annually.



 Jazz Arts Initiative - $10,000 for the Jazz in Schools program, which provides
interactive educational assembly programs to Title I Schools with economically
disadvantaged K-12 students.



 Blumenthal Performing Arts Center - $26,150 for the Duke Energy Ticket
Scholarship Fund, which provides 390 tickets to underserved youth and families
in partnership with area nonprofit organizations.



 North Carolina Opera - $60,000 to support the upcoming season and the Opera In
Schools programs, including Opera 101 and Poetry in Song.



 North Carolina Symphony - $175,000 for the Statewide Music Education Sustainer,
which provides music education to 60,000 school children annually in 31
counties, many of which are rural and under-resourced areas with limited access
to the arts.



 North Carolina Theatre - $40,000 for Program Excellence and Project Support,
which impacts 5,000 young people throughout Wake County with a combination of
training, performances and education/outreach activities, including
Theatre4Change, a classroom-based peer-to-peer conflict resolution workshop
series for underprivileged youth.



 PineCone, The Piedmont Council of Traditional Music - $15,000 to support
programs for the 2016-17 year. PineCone programs include concerts, festivals,
youth music camps and more. More than 90 percent of the programs are offered to
the public at no cost.



 United Arts Council of Raleigh and Wake County - $25,000 for the Artists in
Schools Program and Development Capacity Growth for Wake Nonprofit Arts Groups.
This project helps maintain and increase cultural access for more than 6,000
Wake K-5 students from low-income households. In addition, this project provides
first-year participation fees for 10 Wake County arts organizations in a
cloud-based software service.



 Winston-Salem Arts Council - $25,000 for the Duke Energy Regional Artist
Project, which awards seed capital grants to local creative entrepreneurs in
addition to connecting startups with a wealth of membership and publicity
assets.



 Duke Energy Foundation



 The Duke Energy Foundation provides philanthropic support to address the needs
of the communities where its customers live and work. In 2015, the foundation
provided more than $30 million in charitable gifts. The foundation's education
focus spans kindergarten to career, particularly science, technology,
engineering and math (STEM), early childhood literacy and workforce development.
It also supports the environment and community impact initiatives, including
arts and culture.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: EDA: Working to Stop Economic Disaster when Natural Disasters Strikes

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Commerce has issued the following news release:

Because of the hard work our communities and regions, our Nation has roared back
from a great recession. We have transformed from a struggling economy in which 8
million jobs were lost to a powerful economy that has created 12 million new
jobs over the past 60 months.

While there are many success stories to point to across the Nation, some
communities experience setbacks that cannot be anticipated or prevented. Natural
disasters - for example - do more than wipe out homes; they can wipe out
businesses and decimate local economies. That's why EDA's regional offices work
with communities to help them prepare for and rebound from the economic impact
of natural disasters.

EDA's Austin Regional Office covers several natural disaster-prone states,
including Oklahoma, Arkansas, Texas, and Louisiana. Recognizing this, Austin has
made a concerted effort to support projects that help these communities rebuild
their economies in the wake of a disaster and mitigate the impact of future
events.

For example, two towns in Arkansas, Mayflower and Vilonia, were devastated by a
tornado in 2014. This was on the heels of 2008 flooding and a 2011 tornado that
also affected the area.  The staff in Austin acted very quickly to meet with the
communities and develop projects to help them recover and ensure they become
better prepared to deal with future disasters.  Austin funded three projects for
the affected communities, including the construction of water and sewer
improvements to expand services to better help Arkansas businesses become more
disaster resilient in the future.

In response to severe flooding in the Mississippi River in 2012, EDA's Austin
office awarded a grant to Southern A&M University to help create space for
providing outreach services to small business that are vulnerable to the risks
associated with natural disasters.  EDA's grant enabled an existing building to
be renovated, and that space now offers services including risk management,
disaster recovery and resilience, as well as a business incubator. This facility
has helped rebuild a stronger, more resilient small business community in and
around Baton Rouge.

Austin has also funded projects that reach beyond a particular region or
community. In response to Hurricane Ike in 2010, EDA's Austin Regional Office
gave the International Economic Development Council (IEDC) a grant to provide
technical assistance to disaster-impacted communities in Texas and Louisiana.
The project helped impacted communities to incorporate economic development into
recovery efforts, increase community and economic resiliency, and to build
stronger, more sustainable communities. IEDC's technical assistance services
help ensure that those communities receive comprehensive, customized
capacity-building assistance.  The grant also funded the website
restoreyoureconomy.org, which provides resources for communities to engage in
economic resiliency efforts and disaster mitigation efforts.

Also in response to Hurricane Ike, as well as Hurricanes Gustav and Dolly, and
ice storms and flooding in 2008 in the region, Austin provided funding to the
National Association of Development Organization's (NADO) research foundation to
assess the roles of Economic Development Districts (EDD) throughout the disaster
mitigation and recovery phases. Additionally, the grant enabled NADO to
undertake a three-tier project that:

Assessed the regional economic impact caused by disasters
    Evaluated the role of EDD's in economic recovery efforts following disasters

    Developed a model for EDD roles in recovery initiatives.

The grant resulted in the creation of several training modules and tools for
EDDs to respond to disasters, which are available on NADO's website.

There are many ways that EDA supports economic recovery all across the country,
and all of our regional offices help the communities they serve each and every
day. EDA appreciates the work of all of our regional offices and is very proud
of Austin's quick response to the needs of communities in its region when and
where disaster strikes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                   Palestine News & Information Agency (WAFA)

                           September 10, 2010 Friday

U.S. Expands Income Generation Projects to Additional Communities Near Nahr El
Bared Camp

LENGTH: 201 words


BEIRUT, September 10, 2010 (WAFA)- In coordination with the Nahr El-Bared
Recovery and Reconstruction Unit at the Office of the Presidency of the Council
of Ministers, the United States government announces a $2.7 million expansion of
economic development projects in the second ring around the Nahr El-Bared camp
in Bebnine, Mhamarah, Minnieh, Bedaweh, Bhanin, and Deir Imar and adjacent
areas.

The expanded project - funded by U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID) and implemented under the Cooperative Housing Foundation (CHF) TAMKIN
program - is now valued at $11.3 million. The TAMKIN project is already active
in 40 villages in North Lebanon, namely the Akkar, Dinnieh, and Zgharta cazas.

Under TAMKIN, area residents will benefit from new initiatives to boost income
generation, job creation, and improve the overall livelihood of both the
Lebanese and Palestinian communities. The new, larger TAMKIN program also
includes special loans tailored to expand micro-enterprises in targeted
communities. Community-led initiatives with the greatest potential for economic
impact in the area will be selected and funded through grants. The expanded
program is expected to continue through April 2012.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 200


                  Copyright 2010 Palestine News Agency - WAFA
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Syndigate.info, Al Bawaba.com


                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      April 25, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

ExxonMobil Marks World Malaria Day with Renewed Commitment to Combatting Malaria

LENGTH: 702  words


New Delhi, April 25 -- On the eve of World Malaria Day, ExxonMobil announced its
next round of ExxonMobil Foundation grants to organizations working hard to
combat malaria.

The new grants support the lifesaving malaria programs of leading global
organizations, including Malaria No More, Africare, the United Nations
Foundation, USAID, Jhpiego, Population Services International, UNICEF and the
Medicines for Malaria Venture. ExxonMobil is also supporting a number of these
organizations' World Malaria Day events across Africa, including Malaria No
More's World Malaria Day Concert and Ceremony in Cameroon and Grassroot Soccer's
World Malaria Day soccer tournaments in Nigeria, Tanzania and Equatorial Guinea,
among others.



"Through our longstanding work in Africa, ExxonMobil has witnessed firsthand the
devastating health and economic impacts of malaria," said Suzanne McCarron,
president of the ExxonMobil Foundation. "We are building on our efforts over the
past 13 years to support innovative programs to stop the spread of this
preventable disease and save lives."

Over the past decade, the global community has made impressive strides against
malaria. Thanks to increased awareness and wider distribution of bed nets,
diagnostics and treatments, deaths from malaria have fallen by more than 25
percent since 2000. However, much work remains as global funding for malaria
slows, threatening to reverse the progress made against this disease.

ExxonMobil is committed to helping this progress continue. As one of the leading
private-sector investors in malaria, ExxonMobil has provided more than $110
million in grants and other support since 2000. Recognizing that no single
approach is sufficient, ExxonMobil funds a range of interventions and efforts,
including research, advocacy, treatment and prevention to ensure a comprehensive
response. Each grant supports specific solutions that are filling gaps in the
fight against malaria. ExxonMobil also leverages its internal expertise to
support organizations across the malaria field.

"Corporations have a key role to play in fighting malaria," said Dr. Regina
Rabinovich, ExxonMobil Malaria Scholar-in-Residence at Harvard University. "The
private sector provides resources, internal expertise and institutional
knowledge that help amplify the impact of malaria programs and, ultimately, save
lives."

Organizations that ExxonMobil supports have been instrumental in the important
advances made against malaria over the past decade. To date, ExxonMobil's
funding has helped to distribute more than 13.1 million bed nets, 1.7 million
top-line malaria treatments and 942,000 rapid diagnostic tests. ExxonMobil has
also supported the training of more than 250,000 health care workers to ensure
these interventions are used effectively. In total, ExxonMobil's malaria
assistance has reached an estimated 83 million people in Africa and the Pacific
Rim.

ExxonMobil focuses on funding programs that are making a difference on the
ground right now. For example, a recent study found that ExxonMobil grantee
Malaria No More's "Knock Out Malaria" communications program in Cameroon has
increased bed net use significantly, encouraging approximately 298,000 adults
and 221,000 children to start sleeping under a net. This is just one of the many
success stories in which individuals and communities have come together to
champion the fight against this disease.

The 2013 grant recipients include:

* Malaria No More

* Harvard School of Public Health

* UN Foundation - Nothing But Nets

* PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative (MVI)

* Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV)

* Accordia Global Health Foundation

* Jhpiego

* Global Health Corps (GHC)

* USAID - President's Malaria Initiative (PMI)

* Population Services International (PSI)

* Africare

* Cameroon Business Community Coalition against Malaria, Tuberculosis and AIDS

* Grassroot Soccer

* Family Care Foundation

* Norwegian Red Cross

* University of California, San Francisco - Global Health Group

* Oxford University - ExxonMobil Scholars in Global Health Science

ExxonMobil is proud of the work of our grantees over the past decade and remains
committed to working with local and international partners to drive continued
progress in the future.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: EDA: Working to Stop Economic Disaster when Natural Disasters Strikes

LENGTH: 707  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Commerce has issued the following news release:

Because of the hard work our communities and regions, our Nation has roared back
from a great recession. We have transformed from a struggling economy in which 8
million jobs were lost to a powerful economy that has created 12 million new
jobs over the past 60 months.

While there are many success stories to point to across the Nation, some
communities experience setbacks that cannot be anticipated or prevented. Natural
disasters - for example - do more than wipe out homes; they can wipe out
businesses and decimate local economies. That's why EDA's regional offices work
with communities to help them prepare for and rebound from the economic impact
of natural disasters.

EDA's Austin Regional Office covers several natural disaster-prone states,
including Oklahoma, Arkansas, Texas, and Louisiana. Recognizing this, Austin has
made a concerted effort to support projects that help these communities rebuild
their economies in the wake of a disaster and mitigate the impact of future
events.

For example, two towns in Arkansas, Mayflower and Vilonia, were devastated by a
tornado in 2014. This was on the heels of 2008 flooding and a 2011 tornado that
also affected the area.  The staff in Austin acted very quickly to meet with the
communities and develop projects to help them recover and ensure they become
better prepared to deal with future disasters.  Austin funded three projects for
the affected communities, including the construction of water and sewer
improvements to expand services to better help Arkansas businesses become more
disaster resilient in the future.

In response to severe flooding in the Mississippi River in 2012, EDA's Austin
office awarded a grant to Southern A&M University to help create space for
providing outreach services to small business that are vulnerable to the risks
associated with natural disasters.  EDA's grant enabled an existing building to
be renovated, and that space now offers services including risk management,
disaster recovery and resilience, as well as a business incubator. This facility
has helped rebuild a stronger, more resilient small business community in and
around Baton Rouge.

Austin has also funded projects that reach beyond a particular region or
community. In response to Hurricane Ike in 2010, EDA's Austin Regional Office
gave the International Economic Development Council (IEDC) a grant to provide
technical assistance to disaster-impacted communities in Texas and Louisiana.
The project helped impacted communities to incorporate economic development into
recovery efforts, increase community and economic resiliency, and to build
stronger, more sustainable communities. IEDC's technical assistance services
help ensure that those communities receive comprehensive, customized
capacity-building assistance.  The grant also funded the website
restoreyoureconomy.org, which provides resources for communities to engage in
economic resiliency efforts and disaster mitigation efforts.

Also in response to Hurricane Ike, as well as Hurricanes Gustav and Dolly, and
ice storms and flooding in 2008 in the region, Austin provided funding to the
National Association of Development Organization's (NADO) research foundation to
assess the roles of Economic Development Districts (EDD) throughout the disaster
mitigation and recovery phases. Additionally, the grant enabled NADO to
undertake a three-tier project that:

Assessed the regional economic impact caused by disasters
    Evaluated the role of EDD's in economic recovery efforts following disasters

    Developed a model for EDD roles in recovery initiatives.

The grant resulted in the creation of several training modules and tools for
EDDs to respond to disasters, which are available on NADO's website.

There are many ways that EDA supports economic recovery all across the country,
and all of our regional offices help the communities they serve each and every
day. EDA appreciates the work of all of our regional offices and is very proud
of Austin's quick response to the needs of communities in its region when and
where disaster strikes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                                 June 04, 2011
                                   E1 Edition

Celebration with a lot of fizz WIN! WIN! WIN! WIN! WIN!

SECTION: TONIGHT BROADSHEET; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 831 words


DID YOU know that it has been documented that the word Coca-Cola |is the second
most widely understood term in the |world after "okay"?

And were you aware that estimates are that some |19 400 Cokes are consumed
worldwide every second, while if all the Coca-Cola drinks ever produced were to
cascade down Niagara Falls at its normal rate of more than six million litres
per second, it would flow for nearly 83 hours?

These fun facts, and many others, are to be found among the glossy pages of a
new softcover, 125 Years of Sharing Happiness: A Short History of Coca-Cola,
released in a limited edition to mark the beverage's 125th anniversary.

Capturing unique moments in history, arranged in chronological order, that have
helped to create a global brand, the book is packed with trivia, great
photographs and examples of classic advertising.

From humble beginnings 125 years ago, Coca-Cola has become the world's most
valuable brand.

It was invented in 1886 |by pharmacist Dr John Pemberton in Atlanta, Georgia.
Initially shared with Atlantans at soda fountains at a rate of nine servings a
day, Coca-Cola has grown to boast operations in more than 200 countries.

The Coca-Cola Company has 500 brands and produces more than 3 500 beverages with
servings of 1.7 billion each day worldwide.

To commemorate the special anniversary Coca-Cola South Africa will be funding 10
grants, totalling R1.25 million, for community initiatives that align with its
Live for A Difference sustainability initiatives: Water Stewardship, Recycling,
Entrepreneurship, HIV/Aids and Nutrition and Wellbeing.

Successful grantees will be accredited organisations with the expertise to help
Coca-Cola South Africa invest in the future growth and development of the
country.

Coca-Cola has been a long-standing corporate citizen in South Africa. Since
first being sold in Cape Town in St George's Square in Cape Town, Coca-Cola has
had a significant economic impact in the country.

Today, Coca-Cola South Africa and its four bottling partners employ
approximately 9 000 associates and through the Coca-Cola business, 1.4 percent
of gross domestic product in South Africa is realised.

But back to those interesting factsâ[#x20ac]¦

l If all the Coca-Cola ever produced filled 8-ounce contour bottles and these
bottles were distributed to each and every person in the world, there would be 1
104 bottles per person.

l Selling Coca-Cola in bottles from standardised coolers began in the late
1920s. Allowing people to get a bottle from a cooler - without having to be
served by a store worker - enabled Coca-Cola to be sold in locations outside of
stores, such as in the workplace, sports arenas and gas stations. The cooler
revolutionised the company's business, evolving from barrels full of ice to the
vending machines we know today.

l Coca-Cola reaches an estimated 98 percent of the world's population.

l Coca-Cola advertising helped create the modern image of Santa Claus.

l The 1971 television ad in which young people gathered on a hilltop in Italy to
sing |I'd Like To Buy The World a Coke, was meant to be a counterpoint to the
turbulent times of the 1970s. The company received more than 100 000 letters
about the ad and listeners called into radio stations to request the song, later
a hit for The New Seekers. The company donated the first $80 000 in royalties to
Unicef.

l Coca-Cola was the first soft drink to be consumed in outer space when on July
12, 1985, astronauts tested the Coca-Cola Space Can aboard Space Shuttle
Challenger.

l The Gods Must Be Crazy, a South African film featuring a Coke bottle tossed
from a plane to a remote village of peaceful Bushmen circa 1980, was a hit in
Europe and Japan.

l There is a Coca-Cola vending machine in Antarctica, where temperatures range
from 0Âº C in the summer to -40Âº C in the winter. The vending machine is on an
Argentinian military base, and is restocked every 45 days by an Air Force plane,
weather permitting.

l The first advertisement for Coca-Cola appeared in The Atlanta Journal on May
29, 1886, proclaiming that Coca-Cola was "Delicious and Refreshing."

l Coca-Cola and Fifa became partners in 1976 and this was the first partnership
between a company and an international sports governing body. The company is
also the longest continuous sponsor of the Olympic Games.

l The famous contour bottle for Coca-ColaÂ® was created in 1915 to help
differentiate Coca-Cola from imitators. Until the development of the contour
bottle - so distinctive it could be recognised in the dark -bottlers used
straight-sided bottles in a wide variety of shapes, sizes and colours.

l The six-pack |carrier, though common |today, was an innovation developed by
the Coca-Cola system in 1923. It was |created to encourage people |to take
bottles of Coca-Cola home and drink it more often.

l The first outdoor, painted wall mural for Coca-Cola still exists. It was
painted in 1894 in Cartersville, Georgia.

l The Coca-Cola Company's first diet soft drink, TaB, was introduced in the US
in 1963.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Brunswick News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 27, 2011 Monday

Pedalling toward a Coastal Greenway

BYLINE: Anna Ferguson Hall, The Brunswick News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


June 27--The Coastal Georgia Greenway is one step closer to becoming a reality.

The planned 155-mile cycling trail connecting six coastal Georgia counties is
peddling along at a quick pace, with new grant funding and a new Close the Gap
campaign.

"People are rallying around this project and we are seeing them step up to
support it," said Jo Claire Hickson, chairperson of the board of Coastal Georgia
Greenway.

That support has come by way of additional grant funding in recent days.

The initiative recently received a $250,000 Coastal Incentive grant for the
campaign, which will be used to construct a trail stretching from the planned
Jekyll Island bike path extension, over the Sidney Lanier Bridge, to Howard
Coffin and Oglethorpe parks in Brunswick.

A separate Transportation Enhancement grant for $250,000 was awarded last month
to the Jekyll Island Authority for construction of a 5-mile bike path along the
Downing Musgrove Causeway. That trail will connect the island's existing bike
route to U.S. 17.

With the new Close the Gap campaign and ensuing Coastal Incentive grant, a
2.5-mile trail will be constructed to connect the Jekyll Island stretch of the
Greenway to the base of the Sidney Lanier Bridge. A second 1-mile Brunswick
segment of the Greenway is slated to connect the trail to Liberty Harbor, but
funding for that section has not yet been secured, although the pathway has been
designed by the Georgia Department of Natural Resources Coastal Resources
Division.

Construction on the new Jekyll pathway extension and Brunswick connector trails
is planned to begin this fall, Hickson said.

Future plans also call for connecting the Greenway all the way from existing
bike trails on St. Simons Island to the Brunswick and Jekyll portion of trails,
said Hickson.

"There are already 20-plus miles of trails on both St. Simons and Jekyll Island,
and connecting them would be wonderful for avid cyclists," Hickson said. "They
can just zip all along the coast."

Since the coastal biking mission launched in 2000, communities involved in the
project have been overwhelming enthusiastic about promoting and advancing the
idea, Hickson said. In the 11 years since the initiative first started, about 8
percent of the total project has been added in different segments, totaling
about 25 miles.

The project is part of -- and will be connected with -- a host of other trails,
including the Rails-to-Trails path in Woodbine and Island Hopper trail in
Darien. All the to-be connected coastal bike trails are under the Coastal
Georgia Greenway umbrella.

The potential that one connected, continuous bike route, from South Carolina,
through Georgia and into Florida, could have on the community is tremendous,"
Hickson said.

If the project goes as planned, by 2020, the Coastal Georgia Greenway will
connect with the 450-mile East Coast Greenway, which stretched from South
Carolina to Florida, along various north-south routes, including the U.S. 17
corridor, abandoned rail corridors, and historic canal corridors.

Overall, the project should have major tourism and economic impacts on the
communities through which the trails run, Hickson said.

In its first year, the completed 155-mile Coastal Georgia Greenway will generate
about $8.1 million in local business, 133 new jobs and $2.8 million in labor
income. By 2025, the trails will create $17.5 million in increase business
revenue, 286 new jobs and $5.9 million in labor income, Hickson said.

Aside from revenue, the trails also will have an impact on home prices, raising
property values for homes adjacent to the trails, Hickson said.

"This is a huge economic engine," Hickson said. "Communities are quick to cash
in on this idea. In other areas, it has proven to bring in new destination
activity and dedicated tourists. Both serious cyclists, as well as new riders,
are apt to get involved. It's a concept encompassing every demographic."

The Jekyll Island Authority certainly was, said Eric Garvey, chief
communications officer for the authority. Having the train connect the island
with the mainland and other area tourist destinations is nothing but a good
thing.

"We are very strong supporters of the greenway," Garvey said. "It is a great
concept, and we can't wait to see it reach its full potential."

To see more of The Brunswick News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thebrunswicknews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Brunswick News, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110627-GE-Pedalling-toward-a-Coastal-Greenway-0627-20110627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GE


                       Copyright 2011 The Brunswick News


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

CitySpeak

BYLINE: Dianne Wyntjes, Red Deer Express

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; CitySpeak; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 471  words


This week, Express reporter Erin Fawcett has asked Councillor Dianne Wyntjes to
answer questions regarding the City's initiatives and impact of the recession.

In your opinion, what is the most important initiative City Council is currently
working on?

"When thinking on this question, it's a challenge to determine 'the most
important' initiative. It's like asking which part of your body is most
important or which of your family member is most cherished?" said Wyntjes. "My
perspective is that City operations are all linked. Each initiative, project or
decision can affect various sectors of our community and City; they impact each
other. It's significant to have a comprehensive focus rather than being singled
minded on particular initiatives."

She added council is currently focusing on the City's Strategic Plan which will
be the roadmap over the next few years, until 2014.

"Our shared priorities and objectives will influence our decision making," said
Wyntjes. "As one of your councillors, these are four of the initiatives are
important priorities for me and they include the Environmental Master Plan, the
Transportation Movement Study, the Economic Development and the Outreach and
Initiatives to increase public engagement."

How does still feeling the effects of the recession impact planning and project
development at the City?

"There's a phrase that I often reflect on. 'What do you want to do and how much
is it going to cost?' While there have been indicators of improvements to the
economy, I don't think we're out of it," said Wyntjes. "If you look around our
community, one can see the effects on families, businesses and employment. City
revenue has been impacted by slower construction and fewer land sales, low
interest rates affect City investments, along with reductions in the provincial
Municipal Sustainability grant funding."

She added as council, they were reminded of the economic impact during budget
deliberations. Capital budget initiatives that drive planning and project
development were spread out over a longer term over the next 10 to 15 years.
This means that needs or wants such as an Olympic size swimming pool, road
developments or a civic centre have all been set back.

"While they're in our City's vision for future plans, or unless the economy
shifts significantly, they're not a go during this council term," said Wyntjes.

Is there a benefit to having to slow down the pace of projects?

"It depends. There's always value in taking a breath, checking in and doing the
assessment of where we're at. At the same time, a slowdown affects jobs, City
development, and impacts families and business," said Wyntjes. "What is
important is the City's ability and flexibility to adjust to economic changes
and alter or modify accordingly, as we provide the services and programs for our
residents."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Corbett Administration Announces the Release of Economic Growth
Initiative Grant to The Children's Home of Pittsburgh Project

LENGTH: 851  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced the award of a $1.5 million Economic Growth
Initiative grant to The Children's Home of Pittsburgh for the expansion of the
Pediatric Specialty Hospital.  The Pediatric Specialty Hospital expansion
project will benefit the neighborhoods of Bloomfield, Friendship, Garfield, and
Lawrenceville.

"The specialty health services offered by The Children's Home of Pittsburgh are
providing much needed care to children who may not otherwise get it," Gov.
Corbett said. "By partnering with The Children's Home, we can increase access to
quality, affordable care."

Since 2007, the annual number of patients served has been steadily increasing
and since 2011, patient numbers have grown by more than 50 percent. The
expansion of the Pediatric Specialty Hospital will add clinical space in order
to provide greater access to healthcare for vulnerable pediatric patients, and
to provide greater facility flexibility. Fourteen private hospital rooms in two
new units will provide space for the child's family to stay in the room, as well
as a communal kitchen and sitting area for families and patients to utilize
throughout their hospital stay.

The Pediatric Specialty Hospital is unique in its holistic, family-centered
medical care. This expansion will provide more flexibility to the Pediatric
Specialty Hospital, while enabling the hospital to expand the unduplicated
services it provides as a bridge for pediatric patients transitioning from
hospitals to home.

"The Children's Home of Pittsburgh is grateful to Governor Corbett and his team
for their support of this necessary expansion of the Pediatric Specialty
Hospital," said CEO Pamela Schanwald. "The Children's Home's programs were borne
out of community need, and continue to adapt in order to best serve the changing
needs of the children and families in our region. This expansion will nearly
double the Pediatric Specialty Hospital's capacity to serve vulnerable patients,
as well as continue to contribute to the economic growth of our neighborhood by
adding new jobs."

The expansion of the Pediatric Specialty Hospital is in-line with larger trends
both in healthcare and in Pittsburgh. There is a burgeoning trend in healthcare
towards home healthcare, as it is a less restrictive setting and less expensive
than high-tech tertiary care hospitals. The Pediatric Specialty Hospital blends
the hospital and home healthcare model into a cost-effective home-like hospital
that assists patients in the transition to home. The second trend in healthcare
is to expand services available to pediatric patients to mirror the wide range
available to adults. The Pediatric Specialty Hospital is a sub-acute hospital
setting, which while currently uncommon in pediatrics, is a very common option
for adults transitioning from tertiary care hospital to home.

"Children are a unique patient population," Gov. Corbett said.  "It's not only
about the type of care they receive but also about how they receive it. The care
that The Children's Home of Pittsburgh will be able to provide through this
expansion will produce better outcomes for these patients and their families."

In 2012, Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more transparent
and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their job-creation
potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and construction
readiness.

Prior to Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for capital
redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact meaningful
pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion debt.
Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every new
dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Growth Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Gov.
Corbett. "Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Allegheny County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday

United Kingdom: 069C BLISS Better Lighting in Sustainable Streets

LENGTH: 319  words


Project priority: Environmental challenges
Strategic Initiatives: unspecified
Start date: 01-01-2009
End date: 30-06-2014
ERDF Grant: 3,598,361.00
Total eligible cost: 7,196,722.00
The project aim is to examine further ways to reduce the amount of energy
consumed by street lighting using tailored design techniques and the application
of energy saving products across a range of highway scenarios whilst examining
the effects that this has on crime / accident statistics, citizen%s perceptions
and socio economic impacts. Philips Lighting have estimated that if the 33% of
street lighting in Europe lit using traditional methods were replaced, energy
consumption savings of up to 40% could be achieved. The GreenSwitch factbook
(June 07) identifies potential savings in the sector to be 20-30 terrawatt
hours, equating to 5-10 million tons carbon dioxide emissions, which is
equivalent to 20-45 million barrels of oil or 10-15 medium sized power plants.
There have been a number of small focussed initiatives, which have identified
some of the potential benefits and it is the intention of this project to build
on these targeted initiatives
The benefits of a broad spectrum of existing energy reduction techniques
including the use of energy saving lamps, varying switching times, dynamic
lighting control and the application of variable lighting levels when
circumstances dictate will be reviewed across the project partnership.

There is an almost universal preconception by citizens that   better   street
lighting means increased illumination to prevent crime, social disorder and
traffic accidents and it is expected that there may be possible concern to some
of the techniques to be applied. The project seeks, therefore to examine,
challenge and understand citizens% beliefs and preconceptions with the aim of
enabling street lighting authorities to neutralise potential antagonism

country :United Kingdom
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           October 18, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

REGIONAL VOICE IS GOAL FOR DIRECTOR

BYLINE: By Damon Cline Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 366 words


A Washington Savannah River Co. executive has been tapped to lead the area's
regional economic development body.

The Savannah River Site Community Reuse Organization on Tuesday announced it has
named Aiken resident James L. Hendrix as its executive director.

The organization, formerly known as the Savannah River Regional Diversification
Initiative, has been without a leader since Interim Director John Cunningham
retired in May.

Mr. Hendrix, 50, said he plans to put his operations management experience at
SRS to use to promote economic development in the two-state region.

"When it comes to getting federal support or support from our statehouses, we
need to have the region speaking with one voice," Mr. Hendrix said. "We don't
want to replace any economic development entity, but we try to be the glue that
helps them work together."

The organization represents Richmond, Columbia, Aiken, Allendale and Barnwell
counties and has a 22-member board equally split between Georgia and South
Carolina residents. None are employees of the Department of Energy or SRS
contractors.

The group was created by the federal government 13 years ago to help minimize
the economic impact of post-Cold War downsizing at SRS.

"We are confident James will enhance our ability to facilitate job growth
building on the site's capabilities and resources," Dr. Susan Winsor, the
group's chairwoman and president of Aiken Technical College, said in a
statement.

Although the community reuse organization has helped economic developers attract
industries such as the Bridgestone-Firestone plant in Aiken County, its primary
focus has been disbursing $10 million worth of federal grants to job-creating
ventures.

That funding expired earlier this year, so the organization is working on its
other initiatives, including transferring surplus SRS property to businesses,
lobbying for new SRS missions, promoting regional alternative energy research
and serving as the unified voice for the five-county area.

"I think we can do a lot of things," said Mr. Hendrix, a South Carolina native.
"The silver bullet is regional collaboration across the two states."

Reach Damon Cline at (706) 823-3486 or damon.cline@augustachronicle.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant for
Butler Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 669  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant to enhance Iron Mountain's state-of-the-art records management and
data center in Boyers, Butler County. The facility is located on the site of a
former limestone quarry and mine.

"Iron Mountain is embarking on something truly unheard of in the data management
industry," said Gov. Corbett. "The innovation, energy savings and possibility of
sustainable, green energy solutions for data management will help fuel the
economic engine of the entire region for years to come."

Over the next five years, Iron Mountain will continue to invest in the data
center build-out at the Boyers facility. The expansion will occur in three
phases including reclaiming and creating space within the mine.  The EGI grant
will enable the final development of the first phase and will cover the
installation of geothermal infrastructure to ensure that records and data are
maintained in a secure, climate controlled environment.

Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain stores and protects billions of information
assets, including business documents, backup tapes, electronic files and medical
data at facilities across the globe.

"Iron Mountain's Boyers location is a unique facility and a key employer in our
region," said Senator Scott Hutchinson of Oil City. "I'm pleased that the
Corbett Administration has made this project a priority."

The underground mine facility at Boyers has a large underground lake that
maintains a constant temperature and allows the use of geothermal cooling of the
data center equipment. This unique opportunity allows for energy consumption to
be significantly reduced and reduces energy costs, making development in this
industry possible. It also provides a unique green energy solution for data
center storage.

The project will allow Iron Mountain to expand services for both regional and
national clients in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York and West Virginia, as well
those across the county and globe. It is expected to create and support nearly
100 jobs for the county.

"Most traditional data centers rely on air to direct cool a data center. The
energy required to power and cool those data centers is quite expensive," said
Mark Kidd, senior vice president and general manager, Iron Mountain data centers
business.

"The unique environment for Iron Mountain's underground data center allows us to
reduce those costs by leveraging cooling mechanisms from using hybrid water, air
and rock.  The grant awarded to us by the Corbett Administration will allow us
to continue to invest in leveraging those natural elements to cool the data
center."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2017 Friday

Washington: Griffith Statement on Awarding of Rural Development Grant to
Alleghany County

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Morgan Griffith has issued the following news
release:



 Under the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Economic Impact Initiative Grant,
Alleghany County will receive $50,000 for the purchase of police vehicles.
Congressman Morgan Griffith (R-VA) issued the following statement



 "I am pleased that Alleghany County has been awarded these funds. They will
offer valuable resources so that our law enforcement officials have the tools
they need to protect our communities."


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2017 Friday

Washington: Griffith Statement on Awarding of Rural Development Grant to
Alleghany County

LENGTH: 83  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Morgan Griffith has issued the following news
release:



 Under the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Economic Impact Initiative Grant,
Alleghany County will receive $50,000 for the purchase of police vehicles.
Congressman Morgan Griffith (R-VA) issued the following statement



 "I am pleased that Alleghany County has been awarded these funds. They will
offer valuable resources so that our law enforcement officials have the tools
they need to protect our communities."


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 8, 2015 Monday
                                  UNK Edition

Denver's northeast neighborhoods get $75,000 to study children's health

BYLINE: Electa Draper

SECTION: Z; Pg. 0Z

LENGTH: 174 words


The BUILD Health Challenge is awarding $75,000 to the Northeast Denver community
to improve health opportunities for low income urban neighborhoods.

The program will award a total of $8.5 million in grants and low interest loans
to 18 communities nationwide for BUILD Bold, Upstream, Integrated, Local and
Data driven initiatives.

To serve the Denver neighborhoods of Clatyon, Cole, Five Points, Skyland and
Whittier, the grant is awarded Tuesday to Northeast Denver Unified, a new
collaboration between The Civic Canopy, Denver Health's Community Health
Services, Denver Public Health and community leaders.

The grant will fund a year long planning process to identify community needs and
develop solutions to address negative social and economic impacts on children's
wellness.

The BUILD Health Challenge is a national program funded by Colorado Health
Foundation, The Advisory Board Company, de Beaumont Foundation, Kresge
Foundation and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.

Electa Draper: 303 954 1276, edraper@denverpost.com or twitter.com/electadraper

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Pennsylvania: Governor Corbett Announces Economic Growth Initiative Grant for
Butler Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 669  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The state of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Governor Tom Corbett today announced a $2 million Economic Growth Initiative
(EGI) grant to enhance Iron Mountain's state-of-the-art records management and
data center in Boyers, Butler County. The facility is located on the site of a
former limestone quarry and mine.

"Iron Mountain is embarking on something truly unheard of in the data management
industry," said Gov. Corbett. "The innovation, energy savings and possibility of
sustainable, green energy solutions for data management will help fuel the
economic engine of the entire region for years to come."

Over the next five years, Iron Mountain will continue to invest in the data
center build-out at the Boyers facility. The expansion will occur in three
phases including reclaiming and creating space within the mine.  The EGI grant
will enable the final development of the first phase and will cover the
installation of geothermal infrastructure to ensure that records and data are
maintained in a secure, climate controlled environment.

Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain stores and protects billions of information
assets, including business documents, backup tapes, electronic files and medical
data at facilities across the globe.

"Iron Mountain's Boyers location is a unique facility and a key employer in our
region," said Senator Scott Hutchinson of Oil City. "I'm pleased that the
Corbett Administration has made this project a priority."

The underground mine facility at Boyers has a large underground lake that
maintains a constant temperature and allows the use of geothermal cooling of the
data center equipment. This unique opportunity allows for energy consumption to
be significantly reduced and reduces energy costs, making development in this
industry possible. It also provides a unique green energy solution for data
center storage.

The project will allow Iron Mountain to expand services for both regional and
national clients in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New York and West Virginia, as well
those across the county and globe. It is expected to create and support nearly
100 jobs for the county.

"Most traditional data centers rely on air to direct cool a data center. The
energy required to power and cool those data centers is quite expensive," said
Mark Kidd, senior vice president and general manager, Iron Mountain data centers
business.

"The unique environment for Iron Mountain's underground data center allows us to
reduce those costs by leveraging cooling mechanisms from using hybrid water, air
and rock.  The grant awarded to us by the Corbett Administration will allow us
to continue to invest in leveraging those natural elements to cool the data
center."

In 2012, Gov. Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process
transparent and responsive to the needs of the community.  Projects are now
selected based upon their job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well
as their viability and construction readiness.

Prior to Gov. Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

In the program's prior announcement, the Corbett Administration issued 58 new
Economic Growth Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The
announced projects are expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties
across the state.

For a full listing of selections and for more information, visit the Budget
Office online at www.budget.state.pa.us and select the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program link.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             January 2, 2012 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SAVE THE LAKES;
EVEN IN HARD TIMES, THEY'RE A NECESSARY INVESTMENT

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A-14

LENGTH: 318 words


The new federal budget includes $300 million more to restore the Great Lakes,
with much of that earmarked to help clean up pollution of harbors and streams.
It sounds like a substantial sum, but it's not enough, even in a period of
fiscal austerity.

During his 2008 campaign, candidate Barack Obama pledged $5 billion in funding
over a decade for the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative -- the most
comprehensive needs inventory ever for a regional watershed. The rationale is
obvious: The Great Lakes account for 20 percent of Earth's fresh water.

The lakes are vital to North America's economy and the primary source of
drinking water for 30 million Americans. President George W. Bush launched the
Great Lakes Restoration Initiative in 2005, but did not fund it. Elected
officials in lake states and other interested parties identified more than $20
billion in needs.

Congress must place a higher value on the lakes. Mr. Obama sought $350 million
in funding in the 2012 budget, after getting $475 million and $299 million in
2010 and 2011, respectively.

Environmental groups said they were grateful lawmakers provided as much money to
the initiative as they did. While this year's funding buys time, it is not cause
for celebration.

The lakes continue to suffer from algae pollution and other ills. Yet the new
budget cuts by 3.5 percent the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, which provides
federal grants to help local communities address chronic sewage overflows. That
fund is the largest in the Environmental Protection Agency's budget, but the
Great Lakes states will receive $533 million, down from $552 million in fiscal
2011.

The outcome could have been worse, yet Great Lakes funding continues to fall
short. A Brookings Institution study shows that every dollar spent on Great
Lakes restoration yields twice as much in economic impact. The lakes deserve
every attempt to get meaningful funding back on track.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      February 17, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Consumers Energy: Caring for Michigan's Communities: Consumers Energy
Contributes More than $8 Million to State's Nonprofit Organizations in 2013

LENGTH: 706  words


New Delhi, Feb. 17 -- Michigan nonprofit organizations received more than $8
million in contributions in 2013 from Consumers Energy, its employees, retirees,
its Foundation and the utility's parent company, CMS Energy.

"In this extremely cold winter and all year, we work to fulfill our Promise to
care for the communities we serve," said David Mengebier, Consumers Energy's
senior vice president of governmental and public affairs and president of the
Consumers Energy Foundation.



"Helping Michigan residents in need today creates opportunities for our state's
future and supports the strategic work being done by many nonprofit
organizations."

Three million dollars of the contributions in 2013 went to organizations that
provide direct energy assistance to those in need, including The Heat and Warmth
Fund (THAW), $1.5 million; TrueNorth Community Services, $1 million; and The
Salvation Army, $500,000.

The United Way also received significant support, with $1.7 million going to 58
local United Way organizations. Of that amount, $1.1 million was contributed by
employees and retirees.

Other highlights of Consumers Energy's contributions in 2013:

* $2.7 million to support 994 projects, focusing on education, social welfare,
community, civic and cultural development and the environment.

* $1 million to early childhood initiatives and basic needs programs from a CMS
Energy donor-advised fund. Those grants included a $200,000 grant for Michigan
2-1-1, providing local matching funds to maintain the service in communities
across the state.

* $221,225 to 430 nonprofit organizations on behalf of 531 employees and
retirees through the Volunteer Investment Program (VIP). Organizations supported
by employees and retirees with volunteer time may receive grants of $100 to $500
or more through this program.

* $11,250 to 45 nonprofit organizations on behalf of 697 employees through the
Caring for Community grant program. This is a new program recognizing the
efforts of teams of employees volunteering for a nonprofit organization or
event.

* $110,217 of the foundation's Matching Gifts program was utilized to match
employee and retiree donations for 28 higher education institutions, 15
community foundations, and 65 food banks, food pantries, and homeless shelters
across the state.

"What is striking is the diversity of ways in which our employees and retirees
contributed to communities throughout Michigan. Our combined efforts make a
difference in communities in which our employees live, work and play," Mengebier
said.

Notable 2013 grants included:

* $200,000 to Michigan State University's College of Engineering to support its
residential experience program for engineering students.

* $100,000 to the Community Economic Development Association of Michigan to
support the Michigan Economic Impact Coalition to promote, support and build
capacity for free income tax preparation services to financially vulnerable
families, individuals and children in the state.

* $100,000 to the Grand Action Foundation for construction of the Grand Rapids
Downtown Market.

* $50,000 to the Nature Conservancy - Michigan Chapter for an aquatic invasive
species initiative that will benefit Michigan and all Great Lakes communities.

* $50,000 to Munson Healthcare Regional Foundation for the re-routing and
restoration of Kids Creek in Traverse City.

* $50,000 to the Food Bank of Eastern Michigan supporting renovations of a
warehouse facility in Flint.

* $50,000 to Goodwill Industries of Southwest Michigan in Kalamazoo to support
its Read & Seed Family Literacy Program.

* $50,000 to Saginaw Valley State University for its 50th anniversary, with
grants for a new sculpture garden at the Marshall M. Fredericks Sculpture Museum
and engineering programs supporting Great Lakes Bay area students.

* $50,000 to Cranbrook Institute of Science in Bloomfield Hills for its "Young
Scientists" program that provides science, technology, engineering and math
experiences for students in the Flint Community Schools.

* $50,000 to the Community Foundation for Muskegon County to support
construction of a Muskegon Farmers Market in the downtown area.

* $50,000 to the Michigan 4-H Foundation to support improvements at the
organization's Kettunen Center in Tustin.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

Pottsville, Hamburg receive grants to promote tourism

BYLINE: Stephen J. Pytak, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


Jan. 26--The Schuylkill River Heritage Area has awarded $2,000 grants to
Pottsville and Hamburg, encouraging them to draw tourists to the Schuylkill
River and the trails, downtowns, historic sites and restaurants surrounding it.

They've also given the grant recipients a challenge: an opportunity to create an
action plan to compete for a $25,000 matching grant.

"We think it's a great opportunity for our partners to sit around the table to
see what we can do," Gina Gargano, executive director of the Schuylkill County
Visitors Bureau, said Tuesday.

A total of five communities in the region received $2,000 grants from the
Schuylkill River Heritage Area's new Heritage Towns and Tours initiative. The
other three were Pottstown, Phoenixville and East Falls, according to Laura
Catalano, staff writer for the Schuylkill River National and State Heritage
Area, Pottstown.

The recipients will also be given up to $5,000 in consultant support while
developing the plan. Once a plan is completed and approved by the heritage area,
they will be eligible for up to $25,000 to enact it. They must then provide a
10-percent match and be able to complete all projects within a year, Catalano
said.

"The Heritage Towns and Tours Program was established as part of our goal of
using recreation and heritage tourism to help revitalize Heritage Area
communities. We are pleased to announce these grants, which will serve to
improve the economy of municipalities that participate and connect trail users
to heritage resources throughout the region," Schuylkill River Heritage Area
Executive Director Kurt Zwikl said Tuesday.

Gargano said she believes Schuylkill County Visitors Bureau will have its plan
ready within two or three months.

The grants were made possible with funding from the William Penn Foundation and
are intended to support communities along the Schuylkill River land and water
trails with projects in three areas: improving connections between trails and
towns, creating an identity and a sense of place and marketing themselves as
destinations, Catalano said.

The heritage area covers five counties: Schuylkill, Berks, Chester, Montgomery
and Philadelphia.

There were a total of 16 applicants for the funding, Catalano said.

Schuylkill County Visitors Bureau will use its grant to help support a project
titled "Pottsville: Gateway to the Schuylkill River Heritage Area," Catalano
said.

Its goal is to further establish Pottsville's identity as the gateway to the
Schuylkill River Heritage Area, capitalizing on the city's many assets as part
of the "Coal Country Corridor," Catalano said.

"Informational, directional and interpretive signs will connect the river and
eventually the Schuylkill River Trail to Pottsville's unique historical and
cultural resources like Yuengling Brewery Museum, Jerry's Classic Cars and
Collectibles Museum and the Historical Society of Schuylkill County," Catalano
said.

Hamburg's Our Town Foundation will use the grant to help finance Historic
Hamburg's Blueprint for Success, implementing several projects that will
increase tourism, educate residents about heritage resources and promote the
area's natural recreational resources, Catalano said.

The grants were awarded based on a range of criteria, including how well
applications adhered to the initiatives, the ability of partners to carry out
the projects in a 12-month period, and the accessibility of the community to the
Schuylkill River Trail or Schuylkill River Water Trail, Catalano said.

The grant program and the Heritage Towns and Tours concept grew out of the
heritage area's successful Trail Town Conferences held over the past two years.
Those conferences provided information to business and community leaders seeking
to make their towns into destinations for trail users, she said.

According to a 2009 Schuylkill River Trail user survey conducted by the
Rails-to-Trails Conservancy, the trail, which has 56 completed miles, attracted
more than 800,000 visits and generated $7.3 million in direct economic impact in
2008.

Eventually, the trail will stretch 130 miles.

"It will be more likely to attract tourists from outside the region. Studies
show that people who come from out of town will spend four times as much as
local users," Catalano said.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110126-RN-Pottsville-Hamburg-receive-grants
-to-promote-tourism-0126-20110126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2011 Republican & Herald


                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                              July 3, 2006 Monday

Call for 'fairer' funding for university research

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 635 words


Fairer research funding would boost the economy in the Westcountry, a study has
revealed. The report, commissioned by a group of 35 universities, including
Plymouth, revealed that research being undertaken by these universities is
making a significant contribution to the economy, particularly at local and
regional level.

But the more traditional University of Exeter argues that securing funding on
national and international levels are equally important and are overlooked by
this report.

Compiled by research consultants Arthur D Little, the study highlights
universities such as Plymouth, who do not receive a great amount of research
funding.

David Brown, who carried out the research at Arthur D Little, said universities
such as Plymouth, Bath Spa and Gloucester were far better at generating more
funding with the limited research grants they are awarded. This is through local
investments and initiatives.

He said: "The Government is saying it wants investment in research to gain more
economic impact and here we have universities that don't get a lot but they have
a hell of a lot of impact.  This report suggests that we also need to maintain a
healthy research base in institutions such as Plymouth."

For the previous academic year, Exeter University received more than £26m in
research funding for 2,700 students across all courses. Plymouth University
received less than half that amount - about £11m - for 30,000 students.

Plymouth University Pro-Vice Chancellor Prof Stephen Newstead said: "The report
shows that for every pound they receive they gain three pounds from local
industries, government agencies, research councils etc. The multiplying factor
is three whereas among the more traditional universities it is about 1.5. The
funding system at the moment looks at quality and excellence in universities.
But it doesn't include factors such as excellent value for money."

An Exeter University spokesman said he was concerned that traditional research
universities were being penalised for research initiatives that were not on a
regional or local scale. He said: "Possibly it's because those with high
research ratings tend to operate on the national, international and regional
stages whereas those with poorer ratings operate mostly regionally.

"Obviously the national and international stages are just as important for UK
plc as the regional one. In Exeter's case we try to do all three.  Regionally we
have just secured £14 million for regional research projects through the Great
Western Research initiative, which will potentially involve all South West
universities."

He acknowledged that in the past some of the more traditional universities had
often distanced themselves from towns and communities in which they were based.
But today, universities such as Exeter had a huge impact on the local economy.

He added: "We were instrumental in persuading the Met Office in relocating to
Exeter. The staff and students spend about £200 million  a year in the local
economy. And last year the Community Action voluntary programme, which enables
students to work with disadvantaged children or the elderly, worked 86,000
hours. That is the equivalent of 15 full-time workers."

Over the last few years Exeter University has incorporated more work with the
community into its Corporate Plan, breaking down the gap between the university
and the local society.

The report was presented at a reception at the House of Commons on June 20 by
the Minister for Higher Education, Bill Rammell.

Mr Rammell said: "Today's report confirms that, encouraged by the Government,
user-led projects are becoming an increasingly central part of the UK's total
research output. I welcome the important contribution that CMU (Campaign for
Mainstream Universities) Group and other universities are making in this field."

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                              July 3, 2006 Monday

Call for 'fairer' funding for university research

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 635 words


Fairer research funding would boost the economy in the Westcountry, a study has
revealed. The report, commissioned by a group of 35 universities, including
Plymouth, revealed that research being undertaken by these universities is
making a significant contribution to the economy, particularly at local and
regional level.

But the more traditional University of Exeter argues that securing funding on
national and international levels are equally important and are overlooked by
this report.

Compiled by research consultants Arthur D Little, the study highlights
universities such as Plymouth, who do not receive a great amount of research
funding.

David Brown, who carried out the research at Arthur D Little, said universities
such as Plymouth, Bath Spa and Gloucester were far better at generating more
funding with the limited research grants they are awarded. This is through local
investments and initiatives.

He said: "The Government is saying it wants investment in research to gain more
economic impact and here we have universities that don't get a lot but they have
a hell of a lot of impact.  This report suggests that we also need to maintain a
healthy research base in institutions such as Plymouth."

For the previous academic year, Exeter University received more than £26m in
research funding for 2,700 students across all courses. Plymouth University
received less than half that amount - about £11m - for 30,000 students.

Plymouth University Pro-Vice Chancellor Prof Stephen Newstead said: "The report
shows that for every pound they receive they gain three pounds from local
industries, government agencies, research councils etc. The multiplying factor
is three whereas among the more traditional universities it is about 1.5. The
funding system at the moment looks at quality and excellence in universities.
But it doesn't include factors such as excellent value for money."

An Exeter University spokesman said he was concerned that traditional research
universities were being penalised for research initiatives that were not on a
regional or local scale. He said: "Possibly it's because those with high
research ratings tend to operate on the national, international and regional
stages whereas those with poorer ratings operate mostly regionally.

"Obviously the national and international stages are just as important for UK
plc as the regional one. In Exeter's case we try to do all three.  Regionally we
have just secured £14 million for regional research projects through the Great
Western Research initiative, which will potentially involve all South West
universities."

He acknowledged that in the past some of the more traditional universities had
often distanced themselves from towns and communities in which they were based.
But today, universities such as Exeter had a huge impact on the local economy.

He added: "We were instrumental in persuading the Met Office in relocating to
Exeter. The staff and students spend about £200 million  a year in the local
economy. And last year the Community Action voluntary programme, which enables
students to work with disadvantaged children or the elderly, worked 86,000
hours. That is the equivalent of 15 full-time workers."

Over the last few years Exeter University has incorporated more work with the
community into its Corporate Plan, breaking down the gap between the university
and the local society.

The report was presented at a reception at the House of Commons on June 20 by
the Minister for Higher Education, Bill Rammell.

Mr Rammell said: "Today's report confirms that, encouraged by the Government,
user-led projects are becoming an increasingly central part of the UK's total
research output. I welcome the important contribution that CMU (Campaign for
Mainstream Universities) Group and other universities are making in this field."

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            April 9, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Gambling worth $2.3B to Alta.; Gaming funds many programs, but national study
downplays dark side

BYLINE: Florence Loyie, The Edmonton Journal; With files from the Windsor Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 816  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - Alberta gamblers contributed $2.3 billion to the province's economy
in 2006, of which more than $1.6 billion went into government and charity
coffers, says a study released Tuesday.

Of that figure, $1.3 billion went into the Alberta Lottery Fund, which used the
money to fund thousands of volunteer and community-based initiatives and
programs across the province, said Lynn Hutchings-Mah of the Alberta Gaming and
Liquor Commission.

"It goes into things like environmental issues. I've seen it used for funding
field trips, purchasing playground equipment and funding things like libraries,
book fairs, festivities to world seniors curling. Every community in Alberta
benefits," she said.

The study, released by the Canadian Gaming Association, looked at the economic
impact of Canada's gaming industry. It found that the industry's total revenues
across Canada hit $15.3 billion in 2006 from $6.4 billion in 1995.

Of the $15.3 billion, governments and charities received almost $8.7 billion.
The remaining $6.6 billion went to sustain gambling operations.

An Ontario problem gambling researcher slammed the gaming association study as a
"public relations move" designed to downplay the dark side of gambling.

"Clearly, it is a public relations exercise, and perhaps a very good one," said
Judith Glynn, director of grants operations at the Ontario Problem Gambling
Research Centre. "When you're looking at economic impact, you have to look at
social and economic impact and it's difficult because some of the things you can
measure in numbers and dollars and some of them are more qualitative in terms of
changes in the character of a community and people's sense of safety, sense of
pride in their community.

"Even if you're just looking at the economic impact, this study does not
identify the opportunity costs, and that is, what would happen if the money that
people in the local community spent on gambling was spent elsewhere."

The Canadian Gaming Association represents gaming industry operators,
manufacturers and suppliers.

The study also found more than 267,000 Canadians are employed full-time in the
gaming industry and the businesses which it supports, resulting in $11.6 billion
in salaries, wages and other income in 2006.

The study marks the first time that detailed analysis of the employment and
economic impact of the country's gambling industry has been broken out by
province. Ontario leads the pack with 102,236 jobs, followed by Quebec with
51,636, Alberta with 43,342 and B.C. with 32,246. The numbers include those
employed directly in the industry, in gambling-related government and charitable
organizations, and jobs that service and support gambling.

"Gaming has grown significantly over the past decade to become an essential
pillar of the entertainment industry in Canada," said Bill Rutsey, president and
CEO of the gambling association. "It is now demonstrably clear how the majority
of spending in the industry goes directly back to Canadians in the form of
paycheques, construction in communities and revenues for programs and services
and charities that we value."

Rutsey said between half a per cent to 1.5 per cent of the adult population are
problem gamblers.

"People that have a problem with gambling, that is a very serious problem for
them, but I think you need to contextualize that," he said. "Here in Canada, we
spend more money than any other jurisdiction in the world on the research and
treatment of people with problem gambling -- $90 million a year."

Glynn said the actual rate of problem gambling is much higher. "I find it
interesting the association uses the smaller figure which most of the research
community doesn't use," she said. The research community identifies 3.8 per cent
of the population as having moderate to severe gambling problems, she said. "You
can't say that a tiny percentage of the population develops problems," added
Glynn. "We're talking about a problem that has a serious impact on a large
circle of people around them."

Robert Scarpellie, the gaming association study's author, said the breadth and
depth of the industry is significant.

"We've always known that employment in gaming operations was robust, but the
impact of the industry surprised us. We now, for the first time, have a picture
of the industry's full impact across the country," he said.

In addition to revenue generated for government and charities in 2006, the
industry also invested nearly $10 billion in building new facilities and buying
equipment, the study says.

About 85 per cent of adult Canadians gamble in one form or another, a figure
which is reflective of worldwide norms, the study says.

floyie@thejournal.canwest.com

ALBERTA'S GAMING INDUSTRY BY THE NUMBERS

Number of casinos 17

Number of horse racetracks 4

Number of VLT sites more than 1,100

Number of lottery outlets more than 2,200

Number of bingo halls 40

Number of VLTs about 6,000

Journal Staff

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Larry Wong, The Journal, file; Gamblers play poker at Casino
Edmonton. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

New York: Governor Cuomo Launches New Tourism Initiatives at First-Ever Catskill
Summer Challenge

LENGTH: 1878 words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Office of the Governor of New York has issued the following news
release:



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today hosted the first-ever Catskill Summer Challenge
highlighting the world-class attractions and activities readily available in the
Catskills with the goal of driving tourism and boosting the region's economy.
The event kicked off at the Bethel Woods Center for the Performing Arts and will
continue at outdoor locations throughout the region. The Challenge brings
together local elected officials, tourism industry leaders and outdoor
enthusiasts to participate in a variety of outdoor recreational activities
including rafting, biking, hiking and fly fishing. Actor Robert De Niro, who is
a longtime Catskills resident, also joined the Governor at the event. The
Catskills Challenge is modeled after the Governor's successful Adirondack
Challenge, which continues to strengthen tourism in upstate New York.





 Before participating in the Challenge, the Governor unveiled a number of
initiatives that will continue to support the growth of tourism in the region.
These initiatives include a $5 million ad campaign featuring a new "I Love New
York" television ad and advertisements on MTA's subways, buses and commuter
rails focused on the Catskills, and new funding for municipal projects and
hundreds of thousands of dollars in grants to help Catskill communities
strengthen their tourism infrastructure. At the event, the Governor also
announced that the state will nominate the site of the 1969 Woodstock Music and
Art Fair's location in Bethel to the State and National Registers of Historic
Places. The Woodstock festival drew an audience of over 400,000 people and is
widely regarded as a pivotal moment in popular music history.The Catskills are
one of New York's greatest natural treasures, and today we are shining the
spotlight on what makes this region so special," Governor Cuomo said. "This
challenge is about showcasing the Catskills' natural assets - its pristine
lakes, breathtaking views and scenic trails - to drive tourism, support local
businesses and generate continued economic growth. We are investing in this
region like never before and I am proud to continue that focus so that tourism
remains a source of economic prosperity and opportunity in the Hudson Valley for
years to come."



 "Governor Cuomo recognizes the powerful allure that our natural resources
possess and his plan to help revitalize the Upstate economy includes harnessing
that power," said Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul. "Events like the Catskill
Challenge provide an excellent opportunity to showcase all this region has to
offer and the ripple effect of their economic benefits can be felt throughout
the region."&#226;&#128;[#xfffd]



 As part of the 2016 Catskills Challenge, more than 200 participants will take
part in a variety of outdoor events, including fly fishing, hiking, road biking,
golf, mountain biking, bocce ball and motorcycle riding. Events will take place
at Landers River Trips, Villa Roma, Mongaup Pond Campground, the Fly Fishing
Center, and Sullivan West High School.



 Since taking office, Governor Cuomo has made historic investments to support
the tourism industry, and the results show. New York State tourism generated an
economic impact of over $100 billion in 2015. In the Catskills region alone,
tourism direct spending resulted in over $1.1 billion in economic impact, an
increase of more than 13 percent since 2010. Visitation is up over 11 percent
since 2010 with more than 4 million visitors to the Catskills in 2014. In
addition, tourism is vital to the region's economy, representing more than 15
percent of the region's employment, or over 17,000 jobs.MTA Catskills Summer
Tourism Campaign

 The Governor announced a two-year $5 million advertising campaign to support
and expand the tourism industry in the Catskills region. Empire State
Development's Division of Tourism, I LOVE NEW YORK, in partnership with MTA,
launched the campaign, which will target millions of New Yorkers and travelers
who ride the MTA's subway, bus and commuter railroad network, in addition to New
Jersey Transit travelers, to encourage them to visit the Catskills. The campaign
includes two bus wraps, ads in 570 subway cars, on 150 subway entrance panels,
and in nearly 230 commuter trains in and out of New York City. The ads feature
the Catskills' Bethel Woods Center for the Arts in Bethel; Lake Wawaka in
Middletown; Zoom Flume in East Durham; OPUS 40 in Saugerties; Roscoe NY Beer Co
in Roscoe; and Hanford Mills Museum in East Meredith. The ads will run through
August. To view them, click here.



 "I Love New York" Catskills Television Ad

 The campaign also includes a new "I Love New York" television ad focused on the
region, currently being aired in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, western
Massachusetts, and the eastern and central portions of both Pennsylvania and
Ohio. The ad will run through the summer until August 7, and features a Hunter
Mountain Zipline Tour; the Birthplace of American Fly Fishing in Roscoe; the
World's Largest Kaleidoscope in Mt. Tremper; Bethel Woods Center for the Arts;
and Rocking Horse Ranch in Highland. To view the commercial, click here.



 Smart Growth Grants

 The Governor also announced that $223,000 will be awarded through the Smart
Growth Implementation Grants to six Catskill Park projects. Funded through the
Environmental Protection Fund for Catskill Park communities and organizations to
support recreation, economic growth and environmental protection, these grants
are designed to help the region grow intelligently and promote walkable, livable
communities.



 The awarded projects demonstrate how Catskill communities can grow using the
unique natural assets of the Park combined with improved amenities, attractions
and infrastructure to bring in new businesses and citizens. This is the third
round of smart growth funding supporting Catskill Park communities. This year's
grants build on the nearly $1.1 million devoted in the first two rounds of
funding for this program.



 Projects in 2016 include:



     &middot; Town of Prattsville - $53,683 for a pavilion at Conine Field
Recreation Area;

     Mountain Top Arboretum - $24,875 for a project to improve safe entry to the
facility;

     Village of Tannersville - $20,500 for a main street visitor information
kiosk project;

     Town of Andes - $64,500 for the historic andes hamlet secondary water
source project;

     Town of Shandaken - $28,450 for improvements to town parks, solar lighting
and landscaping; and

     Catskill Center for Conservation and Development - $30,992 for the Catskill
Interpretive Center Interior Design.





 Funding for Municipal Projects

 $500,000 will also be awarded in Local Assistance funding to support a number
of projects in the Catskills region. These projects include:



     A Comprehensive Park Recreation Plan to compile and update previously
developed plans in the Catskills to produce an integrated plan for economic
development and infrastructure improvements to enhance tourism and recreation in
the Catskill region;

     Improved mountain bike trails, hiking trails, parking and access to Forest
Preserve lands;

     Expansion of the Summit Stewards Program, to place stewards on mountain
tops in the Catskills to teach visitors how protect the fragile mountain top
environment;

     New signage to identify trails and paths, in addition to new education
kiosks;

     Major Parking Improvements at Overlook, Prediger, Roaring Kill, Platte
Clove, Kaaterskill Falls, and Giant Ledge;





 Woodstock Historic Site

 The Governor today announced that New York State is working with the property
owner of the site of the legendary 1969 Woodstock Music & Art Fair to seek
nomination to the State and National Registers of Historic Places. The festival
is widely regarded as a pivotal moment in popular music history. The original
venue plan was for the festival to take place in Woodstock, New York, but after
being turned down by residents there and banned from holding it in Wallkill,
organizers arranged to hold it on farmer Max Yasgur's 600-acre dairy farm in
Bethel. The festival drew an audience of over 400,000 people and ran for four
days, from August 15 to 18, 1969.



 Today, visitors can step back in time to the '60s at The Museum at Bethel
Woods. Located on the site of the 1969 music and art fair, the museum is a
unique way to experience the 1969 Woodstock Music and Art Fair, discover how it
capped off an amazing decade of radical cultural transformation, and witness its
ongoing legacy. Personal recollections, fascinating state-of-the-art multimedia
exhibits, unreleased festival film footage and engaging programs and events can
be experienced at the museum. The adjoining Bethel Woods Center for the Arts
offers multiple stages featuring a diverse selection of popular artists and
culturally rich performances.



 MTA Chairman Tom Prendergast said, "Governor Cuomo's Catskill Summer Challenge
is a great way to highlight the many vacation attractions of the Catskills
region, and the MTA is happy to be working with the I Love New York campaign to
help send that message to the millions of daily customers who ride our trains
and buses every day and will see the advertising."



 "Through Governor Cuomo's leadership, we have made great strides in working
with Catskill Park communities to protect and improve the treasured landscapes
of the region," said DEC Commissioner Basil Seggos. "Our ongoing commitment to
the Catskills has resulted in increased visitation and tourism spending, and the
grants announced today will help these communities further expand sustainable
tourism efforts and improve the overall outdoor experience."



 "Our promotion of tourism destinations across the state has resulted in more
than $100 billion in economic impact," said Empire State Development President,
CEO & Commissioner Howard Zemsky. "In the Catskills, tourism is a critical part
of the region's economy, supporting more than 17,000 jobs at top tourism sites,
including Howe Caverns, Hunter Mountain's 3,200-foot winter ski summit, a summer
zip line course, Saugerties' historic lighthouse, and more. The arrows are
pointing in the right direction, our investments are paying off, and we are
proudly welcoming millions of travelers to New York State each year."



 The success of the 2016 Catskills Challenge builds on the Governor's
accomplishments that are already setting the stage for future growth in the
Catskills region, including:



     Over $5.4 million invested in the Catskills region by DEC to improve
fishing access, hiking trails, campgrounds and infrastructure.

     The Maurice D. Hinchey Catskill Interpretive Center, a $1.3 million project
supported by New York Works, which was completed in 2015 and provides
information to visitors about the 700,000-acre Catskill Park.

     Improvements to enhance the experience of visitors and increase public
safety, including an observation platform, completed at Kaaterskill Falls.

     The I LOVE NEW YORK Bus hosts regular ski trips from Manhattan to
Catskills' slopes, including Hunter Mountain and Belleayre, to drive tourism
Upstate.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                    February 15, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Consumers Energy, Employees Give Back to Michigan, Providing $13.5 Million to
Michigan Nonprofits in 2016

LENGTH: 732  words


Feb. 15 -- Consumers Energy and its employees are working to build a stronger
Michigan, giving $13.5 million in 2016 to support early childhood education,
United Ways, Habitat for Humanity and other nonprofit organizations across the
state.

"Our mission is to help Michigan to be a magnet state for residents to thrive
and businesses to grow, providing access to world class cultural, educational
and natural resources," said David Mengebier, Consumers Energy's senior vice
president of governmental, regulatory and public affairs, and president of the
Consumers Energy Foundation. "Our company and employees put our money and time
every day into organizations that are the backbone of the communities we serve."

The $13.5 million includes contributions from Consumers Energy, employees,
retirees, Foundation and parent company CMS Energy. The Foundation is the
philanthropic arm of Consumers Energy, working to ensure Michigan residents and
communities are thriving economically, Michigan businesses are growing, and
Michigan has world-class educational, natural and cultural resources

Employees' commitment to nonprofit organizations takes many shapes:

* United Way campaigns - Last fall the company, employees and retirees pledged
more than $1.7 million to 55 United Ways across the state. The funding goes to
nonprofit organizations that focus on education, income and health -- the
building blocks for a good quality of life and a strong community.

* Volunteering - 429 nonprofit organizations received $217,875 on behalf of 622
employees and retirees through the Volunteer Investment Program.

* Matching gifts -- $110,458 went to 17 higher education institutions, community
foundations, food banks, food pantries and homeless shelters across the state
through the Foundation's Matching Gifts program, which matched employee and
retiree donations.

* Team volunteers - The Caring for Community grant program provided $44,500 to
178 nonprofit organizations on behalf of 1,232 employees and retirees. The
program recognizes the efforts of teams of employees volunteering for a
nonprofit organization or event.

Other 2016 highlights:

* $354,000 to support early childhood programs across Michigan

* $264,000 to support economic development in communities across the state.
Support includes grants for The Right Place in West Michigan, the Jackson Anchor
Initiative, Venture North Funding & Development, and Southwest Michigan First.

* $200,000 to support Habitat for Humanity of Michigan's Neighborhood
Revitalization Initiative. Consumers Energy and its foundation have provided
$1.3 million to Habitat for Humanity since 2001.

* More than $293,000 to provide energy assistance to Michigan residents through
Walks for Warmth. Employees are again taking part in walks this month. Learn
more at www.ConsumersEnergy.com/walk.

* $270,000 for Detroit Public Television's Great Lakes Bureau.

* $250,000 for the Michigan State University College of Engineering.

* $235,000 for Michigan's 2-1-1 network, including matching funds for local
2-1-1 support and support to build capacity for the statewide system.

* $175,000 for the Michigan Women's Foundation Women's Entrepreneurship
Initiative, including its Entrepreneur You Program in Grand Rapids, Southeast
Michigan and mid-Michigan, supporting a business plan and pitch competition for
female entrepreneurs.

* $150,000 for the Community Economic Development Association of Michigan for
the Michigan Economic Impact Coalition and Michigan 2-1-1 Collaborative.

* $117,175 for the Michigan Department of Natural Resources to help develop
strategies for bringing back the arctic grayling.

* $95,000 for FIRST Robotics to support student robotics programs across the
state.

* $60,000 for Downtown Tomorrow Inc. to help create the Kalamazoo Riverfront
Garden, including a waterfront outdoor stage.

* $51,000 for Newaygo County to fund a flood warning system for the Muskegon
River.

* $50,000 for the Michigan Foundation for Agriculture to support the Mobile Food
Agriculture Resources in Motion (FARM) Science Lab.

* $50,000 for the Grand Traverse Regional Land Conservancy to support the
Michigan Fruitbelt Collaborative Project.

Consumers Energy, Michigan's largest utility, is the principal subsidiary of CMS
Energy (NYSE: CMS), providing natural gas and electricity to 6.7 million of the
state's 10 million residents in all 68 Lower Peninsula counties.

Source: Consumers Energy

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Free-market research group's climate proposal denounced by host university

BYLINE: Suzanne Goldenbergtheguardian.com

LENGTH: 837 words

ABSTRACT

Suffolk University says Beacon Hill Institute had not followed rules and that
research plans did not match university's mission

FULL TEXT

The host university of the free marketeer Beacon Hill Institute has repudiated
its proposal to carry out research with the express purpose of undermining a
regional climate change initiative.

The institute, based in the economics department of Suffolk University, had
sought $38,825 to carry out an economic analysis that would aid efforts to
weaken or roll back a five-year effort by states in the north-east to reduce
carbon pollution, known as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.

The proposal from Beacon Hill made no secret of its goal. "Success will take the
form of media recognition, dissemination to stakeholders, and legislative
activity that will pare back or repeal RGGI," the funding proposal said.

In a prepared statement, Suffolk University made clear it had not been consulted
about Beacon Hill's research plans - and would not have authorised the grant
proposal if it had been.

"The stated research goals, as written, were inconsistent with Suffolk
University's mission," Greg Gatlin, the university's vice-president for
marketing and communications, said in an email.

Gatlin went on to write that Beacon Hill had not followed university rules when
it submitted its grant proposal, which was presented for consideration to the
Searle Freedom Trust, a leading funder of ultra-conservative causes, on Beacon
Hill's behalf by the State Policy Network, a coalition of similar
ultra-conservative entities.

"The University has existing protocols in place that require approval for all
grant proposals," Gatlin said. "The Beacon Hill Institute's grant proposal did
not go through the university's approval process. The university would not have
authorized this grant proposal as written."

Beacon Hill did not in the end see its proposal funded - a setback for an
organisation which has specialised in marshalling economic argument to roll back
clean energy programmes in the states.

David Tuerck, the executive director of the Beacon Hill Institute, confirmed the
authenticity of the document and admitted that the proposal had not been funded
by the Searle Foundation.

However, he pushed back strongly at the suggestion that BHI by - defining
success according to a specific political outcome - was engaged in lobbying or
other inappropriate activity.

"There is never any lobbying," he told the Guardian. "Maybe I need to look up
the definition again but lobbying consists of buttonholing legislators and other
policymakers to get a particular result on a particular issue and we never do
that."

The institute claims on its website to have conducted 16 separate research
projects since 2009 on state clean energy programmes, partnering with
institutions in Nevada, Arizona, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Maine, Michigan,
Kansas, Delaware, Minnesota, Ohio, Oregon, Colorado, New Mexico, Montana and
North Carolina.

All arrived at the same broadly similar conclusion: that Renewable Portfolio
Standards, or state regulations requiring electricity companies to source energy
from wind and solar power were bad for the economy.

Greenpeace said of the effort: "It's a cookie-cutter play to back the American
Legislative Exchange Council's efforts to roll back RPS."

In this most recent proposal, Beacon requested $38,825 from Searle to carry out
research into the economic impact of the RGGI cap-and-trade system operating in
nine states .

In addition to defining success at helping legislators to pare back or repeal
RGGI, the proposal noted BHI had offered testimony at state legislative hearings
to repeal RPS standards in Kansas.

Tuerck said offering testimony at legislative hearings on renewable energy in
Kansas did not fall into that category.

He admitted, however, that the framing of the funding proposal could be seen as
political. "Our understanding is that many foundations solicit research in the
expectation that that research is going to lead to what they see as constructive
policy changes. It was put in there to appeal to them but we maintain that there
is a difference in appealing to a granter, using the language we think would be
appealing to them, and lobbying."

It also dangles the prospect that its research findings and public relations
campaign could prompt Maine's governor, Paul Lepage, to quit the RGGI, as Chris
Christie of New Jersey did in 2011, as well as spark possible defections from a
similar voluntary cap-and-trade system among midwestern states.

"Given the state's competitiveness problems, Governor Lepage could make Maine
the next state to opt out of the cap-and-trade program," the proposal says.

The Beacon Hill Institute, technically an affiliate rather than a full member of
the SPN, operates out of the economics department of Suffolk University in
Boston. It consists of four full-time staff. Paul Tuerck, its executive
director, is also an economics professor at the university and served for many
years as chairman of the economics department.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday

Harmony-based club receives $30,250 federal grant

BYLINE: Alex Barber BDN Staff

LENGTH: 258 words


HARMONY, Maine -- The Patriarchs Club has been selected to receive a Rural
Economic Impact Initiative Grant of $30,250 by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development agency.


The grant will be used to assist in the construction of an exhibition building
on the town's fairgrounds. The facility will provide educational and cultural
displays and activities focused on natural agricultural-based fibers such as
those from alpaca and sheep.


"Supporting local agricultural activities is key to building awareness and
support for Maine farmers and agricultural producers," said USDA Rural
Development Director Virginia Manual in a statement. "I am so pleased USDA Rural
Development could assist the Patriarchs Club in their valuable efforts."


Jeff Chadbourne, president of the Patriarchs Club, said he was pleased to be
awarded the grant.


"This grant will enable the Patriarchs to promote local farmers and their
products and educate the public in a variety of different aspects of agriculture
in Maine. The grant also benefits the local contractors who will be working to
build this exhibition building, which will be focused on fiber animals and their
products," Chadbourne said in a statement.


The Patriarchs Club is a community improvement society established in 1947 to
promote community projects for the betterment of the town of Harmony, USDA Rural
Development said in a statement. The Patriarchs Club operates the Harmony Free
Fair, an agricultural fair that provides cultural and educational activities
through agricultural exhibits and events.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 2, 2011 Saturday

Teacher education economic impact touted

BYLINE: Andrew Wind, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


July 02--CEDAR FALLS -- The University of Northern Iowa's teacher education
programs are having an economic impact across the community and state that
exceeds $24 million.

Faculty volunteer activities along with student teaching and other field
experiences required by UNI's education programs are giving schools, local
governments, nonprofits and other organizations a vital boost, according to a
recently completed economic impact study by Professor Sam Lankford.

"There's always a question about what we do in the community," he said. "Is
there value in having an academic program in the area, and what do we
contribute?"

His study found contributions conservatively valued at $24.49 million.
Lankford's focus was the College of Education, the health, physical education
and leisure services program, and other programs that help train teachers. "It
gave us a nice picture of what we're doing and what we contribute through
volunteer work, and what students do."

Dwight Watson, dean of the College of Education, said, "I don't think people see
the monetary impact of service." He added that the study will provide baseline
numbers for UNI's strategic initiative of "becoming a premier teacher education
institution."

Lankford began collecting data last fall and finished the study at the end of
April. Hourly wage calculations were based on Corporation for National and
Community Service and Bureau of Labor Statistics guidelines.

The more than 2,400 UNI students who participate in clinical teacher education,
internships and field experiences provided nearly 986,000 hours of volunteer
service during 2010. Lankford estimated the value of clinical teacher education
experiences, like student teaching, at $6.41 million.

Internships and field experiences for students training in careers other than
teaching had a $2.04 million impact. Lankford noted they are often placed with
government agencies, youth-serving organizations or performing art centers that
rely heavily on volunteers. Some "are running programs based on student
volunteers because they don't have the funds to do it," he said.

Watson noted that UNI students benefit from their clinical teaching experiences,
but the schools also are benefiting. Student teachers lower the adult-to-child
ratio in a classroom, which can improve education. "I think the schools would
feel an inverse impact if all the adults were not there," he said.

The faculty side of the study excludes any salaries or state money coming into
the College of Education, focusing only on volunteer activities and fundraising
done outside of work. The approximately 60 faculty who filled out an online
survey volunteer or do fundraising an average of 48 days per year.

Lankford calculated a value of more than $410,000 for that work. In addition,
faculty brought in more than $15 million in grants and contracts to UNI.

Lankford said teacher education programs can be taken for granted in a place
like the Cedar Valley. As a result, this study may open some people's eyes.

"We do have an economic and social impact in the community," he noted. "That
investment of public money is worth it."

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110702-OO-HLT-Teacher-education-economic-impact-touted-0702-20110702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 30, 2011 Thursday

Teacher education economic impact touted

BYLINE: Andrew Wind, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


June 30--CEDAR FALLS -- The University of Northern Iowa's teacher education
programs are having an economic impact across the community and state that
exceeds $24 million.

Faculty volunteer activities along with student teaching and other field
experiences required by UNI's education programs are giving schools, local
governments, nonprofits and other organizations a vital boost, according to a
recently completed economic impact study by Professor Sam Lankford.

"There's always a question about what we do in the community," he said. "Is
there value in having an academic program in the area, and what do we
contribute?"

His study found contributions conservatively valued at $24.49 million.
Lankford's focus was the College of Education, the health, physical education
and leisure services program, and other programs that help train teachers. "It
gave us a nice picture of what we're doing and what we contribute through
volunteer work, and what students do."

Dwight Watson, dean of the College of Education, said, "I don't think people see
the monetary impact of service." He added that the study will provide baseline
numbers for UNI's strategic initiative of "becoming a premier teacher education
institution."

Lankford began collecting data last fall and finished the study at the end of
April. Hourly wage calculations were based on Corporation for National and
Community Service and Bureau of Labor Statistics guidelines.

The more than 2,400 UNI students who participate in clinical teacher education,
internships and field experiences provided nearly 986,000 hours of volunteer
service during 2010. Lankford estimated the value of clinical teacher education
experiences, like student teaching, at $6.41 million.

Internships and field experiences for students training in careers other than
teaching had a $2.04 million impact. Lankford noted they are often placed with
government agencies, youth-serving organizations or performing art centers that
rely heavily on volunteers. Some "are running programs based on student
volunteers because they don't have the funds to do it," he said.

Watson noted that UNI students benefit from their clinical teaching experiences,
but the schools also are benefiting. Student teachers lower the adult-to-child
ratio in a classroom, which can improve education. "I think the schools would
feel an inverse impact if all the adults were not there," he said.

The faculty side of the study excludes any salaries or state money coming into
the College of Education, focusing only on volunteer activities and fundraising
done outside of work. The approximately 60 faculty who filled out an online
survey volunteer or do fundraising an average of 48 days per year.

Lankford calculated a value of more than $410,000 for that work. In addition,
faculty brought in more than $15 million in grants and contracts to UNI.

Lankford said teacher education programs can be taken for granted in a place
like the Cedar Valley. As a result, this study may open some people's eyes.

"We do have an economic and social impact in the community," he noted. "That
investment of public money is worth it."

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110630-OO-HLT-Teacher-education-economic-impact-touted-0630-20110630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                              269 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

SIUE Economic Impact Reaches $514 Million

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: Edwardsville


Southern Illinois University Edwardsville has issued the following news release:

Historic student enrollment numbers, significant job growth and a substantial
increase in regional expenditures are among the notable findings in Southern
Illinois University Edwardsville's 2015 economic impact report.

The University continues to thrive, boasting a total economic impact on the
region of more than $514 million, a nine percent increase since 2010. For every
state dollar spent on the University, SIUE generates $8.60 of economic impact in
the local economy.

"SIUE's economic impact study helps quantify the University's financial
influence on the region," added Chancellor Julie Furst-Bowe. "Of even greater
significance is the positive and far-reaching impact of the dedication of our
employees and the contributions of our students."

More than half of SIUE's 95,000 alumni live in the region, while historic
amounts of new students are moving to the area to pursue higher education at the
University. The fall 2014 semester featured a record freshman class of 2,126
students, an eight percent increase over the previous year. The total fall 2014
enrollment of 13,972 is the fourth largest in school history. SIUE's 2015
full-time spring semester enrollment has reached an all-time high with 10,153
full-time and 13,178 total students enrolled

SIUE is the second largest employer in the Madison-St. Clair County region. The
total number of regional jobs generated by the University expanded from 8,800 in
2010 to 9,200 in 2015.

Other prominent facts detailed in the study:

The University received $40 million in grants and contracts for research,
teaching and service initiatives during FY14
    As a result of SIUE athletics, expenditures in the region nearly doubled
from $249,000 in 2010 to $497,000 in 2015
    SIUE generated more than $24 million in state and local tax revenues

SIUE is dedicated to the community as a partner in collaboration and
stewardship. The 2015 economic impact report emphasizes the importance of the
University as it continues to grow in the St. Louis Metropolitan area.

The University routinely publishes an economic impact report every five years.
View the full report here.

The project was led by John C. Navin, interim dean of the SIUE School of
Business, and Timothy S. Sullivan and Warren D. Richards, instructors in the
School's Department of Economics and Finance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Unity in art;
New thinking to aid cultural organizations

SECTION: EDITORIAL; IN OUR OPINION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 376 words


For arts and cultural organizations in Massachusetts, the recent recession might
easily have become a season of unrelieved gloom. Instead, they are teaming up
with the Massachusetts Cultural Commission to put into place tools and
initiatives that promise a cultural renaissance in the years ahead.

During a recent visit with the Telegram & Gazette's editorial board, MCC
Executive Director Anita Walker outlined the state's effort to promote the
Cultural Investment Portfolio, a new approach to arts funding that moves away
from simple year-to-year reviews of funding requests toward a multi-year,
long-term funding approach that emphasizes site visits, community discussions,
and building a broader understanding of cultural nonprofit organizations. The
goal, Ms. Walker said, is to "speak in a more collective way" about a vital
sector of the state's economy - one that provides some 37,000 jobs and an
overall economic impact of $4.2 billion annually.

Ms. Walker noted that the state's approach is closely allied to the multi-state
Cultural Data Project, which aims to provide arts organizations with access to a
database of the cultural resources enjoyed by organizations and institutions in
other participating states, whose growing ranks include Pennsylvania, Maryland,
New York, Ohio, Illinois and California.

On a practical level, the CDP and the closely related portfolio approach here in
Massachusetts will enable arts organizations to get a better handle on their
finances and investments. A standardized information form from each
participating institution means an art museum or craft center, for example, will
be able to make comparisons with similar institutions within or beyond the state
more quickly and effectively, as well as streamlining the often time-consuming
and arduous task of applying for grants.

Every community and every region has cultural treasures to share, and Central
Massachusetts - with headliners such as the Worcester Art Museum, Higgins
Armory, and Hanover Theatre for the Performing Arts, plus dozens of smaller
institutions and organizations - has riches aplenty. We applaud the MCC for its
initiative in helping the arts community do a better job of telling their
stories and meeting their missions in the years ahead.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: First Lady Susan Corbett Visits Philadelphia Museum of Art;
Announces the Release of Economic Growth Initiative Grant for Renovation

LENGTH: 979  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

First Lady Susan Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic
Growth Initiative grant to the Philadelphia Museum of Art for the renovation and
the enhancement of the facility's main building as part of the museum's Master
Plan, designed by architect Frank Gehry.  Joining the First Lady for the
announcement were museum leaders and regional elected officials.

"The Philadelphia Museum of Art is a commonwealth jewel," Mrs. Corbett said.
"This funding will increase accessibility to the museum's extraordinary
exhibitions and programs while adding to the economic vitality of the region."

Renovations to public spaces will address accessibility for patrons with special
needs as well as improve visitor's museum experience. Built in 1928, the
Philadelphia Museum of Art stands as a city landmark.  The Economic Growth
Initiative grant will help address essential building system repairs and
upgrades, energy efficiency improvements, fire and life safety system
investments, and work required needed to keep the historic structure in
compliance with current safety codes.  All renovations and upgrades will bring
the early 20th century building into alignment with the needs of the nearly one
million annual visitors to the museum.

The renovations to the main building are expected to take approximately 4 ½
years and is the first of several phases.  Called the "Core Project", this phase
is expected to cost $150 to $160 million overall.

"What makes Pennsylvania such a great place to work, live and visit is the
importance we place on the arts and their cultural contribution to our society,"
Mrs. Corbett added.  "Our continued goal and mission must be to enlighten all
who partake in the beauty and wonder that these walls house."

"The museum is extremely grateful to the full legislative assembly and, in
particular to Governor Corbett for the strong support of this important
project," Constance H. Williams, Chair of the Board of Trustees of the
Philadelphia Museum of Art, said. "We are especially delighted that these much
needed funds will support the upgrade of the building infrastructure, which is
vital to the museum's continued success. An investment in the museum is
ultimately one in the local and regional economy and in education, and thus a
direct benefit to the communities we serve in Philadelphia and the
commonwealth."

Long-term, museum enhancements and improvements will also comprise the
renovation of existing spaces that are required to advance the creation of a new
Education Center to better serve schoolchildren and families, and gallery
renovations for the expanded and enhanced display of the Museum's world-renowned
collection. Unlike infrastructure projects, these later phases are expected to
be funded by the private sector and donors.

The Philadelphia Museum of Art has successfully advanced a Facilities Master
Plan over the last decade. Key projects included the acquisition and restoration
of The Ruth and Raymond G. Perelman Building, the creation of the Anne
d'Harnoncourt Sculpture Garden and a new parking facility, and the development
of new off-site art storage facility. The Museum has a successful track record
of completing construction projects on time and on, or under, budget. Last year
saw the first expansion of the Museum's main building with the completion of a
new Art Handling Facility, which was created to address the art handling needs
of today's museums. The new facility provides distinct bays for goods and
materials, and, aligned with standards established by international museum
professionals, for the movement of works of art.

In 2012, Governor Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Governor Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Governor Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact
meaningful pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion
debt. Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every
new dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Gov.
Corbett. "Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact:    Karen Gunnison, Office of the First Lady 717-787-1965

Jay Pagni, Governor's Office 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: First Lady Susan Corbett Visits Philadelphia Museum of Art;
Announces the Release of Economic Growth Initiative Grant for Renovation

LENGTH: 979  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

First Lady Susan Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic
Growth Initiative grant to the Philadelphia Museum of Art for the renovation and
the enhancement of the facility's main building as part of the museum's Master
Plan, designed by architect Frank Gehry.  Joining the First Lady for the
announcement were museum leaders and regional elected officials.

"The Philadelphia Museum of Art is a commonwealth jewel," Mrs. Corbett said.
"This funding will increase accessibility to the museum's extraordinary
exhibitions and programs while adding to the economic vitality of the region."

Renovations to public spaces will address accessibility for patrons with special
needs as well as improve visitor's museum experience. Built in 1928, the
Philadelphia Museum of Art stands as a city landmark.  The Economic Growth
Initiative grant will help address essential building system repairs and
upgrades, energy efficiency improvements, fire and life safety system
investments, and work required needed to keep the historic structure in
compliance with current safety codes.  All renovations and upgrades will bring
the early 20th century building into alignment with the needs of the nearly one
million annual visitors to the museum.

The renovations to the main building are expected to take approximately 4 ½
years and is the first of several phases.  Called the "Core Project", this phase
is expected to cost $150 to $160 million overall.

"What makes Pennsylvania such a great place to work, live and visit is the
importance we place on the arts and their cultural contribution to our society,"
Mrs. Corbett added.  "Our continued goal and mission must be to enlighten all
who partake in the beauty and wonder that these walls house."

"The museum is extremely grateful to the full legislative assembly and, in
particular to Governor Corbett for the strong support of this important
project," Constance H. Williams, Chair of the Board of Trustees of the
Philadelphia Museum of Art, said. "We are especially delighted that these much
needed funds will support the upgrade of the building infrastructure, which is
vital to the museum's continued success. An investment in the museum is
ultimately one in the local and regional economy and in education, and thus a
direct benefit to the communities we serve in Philadelphia and the
commonwealth."

Long-term, museum enhancements and improvements will also comprise the
renovation of existing spaces that are required to advance the creation of a new
Education Center to better serve schoolchildren and families, and gallery
renovations for the expanded and enhanced display of the Museum's world-renowned
collection. Unlike infrastructure projects, these later phases are expected to
be funded by the private sector and donors.

The Philadelphia Museum of Art has successfully advanced a Facilities Master
Plan over the last decade. Key projects included the acquisition and restoration
of The Ruth and Raymond G. Perelman Building, the creation of the Anne
d'Harnoncourt Sculpture Garden and a new parking facility, and the development
of new off-site art storage facility. The Museum has a successful track record
of completing construction projects on time and on, or under, budget. Last year
saw the first expansion of the Museum's main building with the completion of a
new Art Handling Facility, which was created to address the art handling needs
of today's museums. The new facility provides distinct bays for goods and
materials, and, aligned with standards established by international museum
professionals, for the movement of works of art.

In 2012, Governor Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Governor Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Governor Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact
meaningful pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion
debt. Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every
new dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Gov.
Corbett. "Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact:    Karen Gunnison, Office of the First Lady 717-787-1965

Jay Pagni, Governor's Office 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: First Lady Susan Corbett Visits Philadelphia Museum of Art;
Announces the Release of Economic Growth Initiative Grant for Renovation

LENGTH: 979  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The Keystone State, The State of Pennsylvania issue the following news release:

First Lady Susan Corbett today announced the award of a $5 million Economic
Growth Initiative grant to the Philadelphia Museum of Art for the renovation and
the enhancement of the facility's main building as part of the museum's Master
Plan, designed by architect Frank Gehry.  Joining the First Lady for the
announcement were museum leaders and regional elected officials.

"The Philadelphia Museum of Art is a commonwealth jewel," Mrs. Corbett said.
"This funding will increase accessibility to the museum's extraordinary
exhibitions and programs while adding to the economic vitality of the region."

Renovations to public spaces will address accessibility for patrons with special
needs as well as improve visitor's museum experience. Built in 1928, the
Philadelphia Museum of Art stands as a city landmark.  The Economic Growth
Initiative grant will help address essential building system repairs and
upgrades, energy efficiency improvements, fire and life safety system
investments, and work required needed to keep the historic structure in
compliance with current safety codes.  All renovations and upgrades will bring
the early 20th century building into alignment with the needs of the nearly one
million annual visitors to the museum.

The renovations to the main building are expected to take approximately 4 ½
years and is the first of several phases.  Called the "Core Project", this phase
is expected to cost $150 to $160 million overall.

"What makes Pennsylvania such a great place to work, live and visit is the
importance we place on the arts and their cultural contribution to our society,"
Mrs. Corbett added.  "Our continued goal and mission must be to enlighten all
who partake in the beauty and wonder that these walls house."

"The museum is extremely grateful to the full legislative assembly and, in
particular to Governor Corbett for the strong support of this important
project," Constance H. Williams, Chair of the Board of Trustees of the
Philadelphia Museum of Art, said. "We are especially delighted that these much
needed funds will support the upgrade of the building infrastructure, which is
vital to the museum's continued success. An investment in the museum is
ultimately one in the local and regional economy and in education, and thus a
direct benefit to the communities we serve in Philadelphia and the
commonwealth."

Long-term, museum enhancements and improvements will also comprise the
renovation of existing spaces that are required to advance the creation of a new
Education Center to better serve schoolchildren and families, and gallery
renovations for the expanded and enhanced display of the Museum's world-renowned
collection. Unlike infrastructure projects, these later phases are expected to
be funded by the private sector and donors.

The Philadelphia Museum of Art has successfully advanced a Facilities Master
Plan over the last decade. Key projects included the acquisition and restoration
of The Ruth and Raymond G. Perelman Building, the creation of the Anne
d'Harnoncourt Sculpture Garden and a new parking facility, and the development
of new off-site art storage facility. The Museum has a successful track record
of completing construction projects on time and on, or under, budget. Last year
saw the first expansion of the Museum's main building with the completion of a
new Art Handling Facility, which was created to address the art handling needs
of today's museums. The new facility provides distinct bays for goods and
materials, and, aligned with standards established by international museum
professionals, for the movement of works of art.

In 2012, Governor Corbett reformed the state's method of funding Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program with a significant redesign, making the process more
transparent and objective.  Projects are now selected based upon their
job-creation potential, their economic impact, as well as their viability and
construction readiness.

Prior to Governor Corbett taking office, the state's spending and borrowing for
capital redevelopment assistance had become unsustainable for the state and its
taxpayers, growing from $400 million in 1986 to slightly more than $4 billion in
2010.  Gov. Corbett also said that the program had strayed considerably from its
intended purpose of encouraging and assisting job growth through regional
economic development projects.

Last round, the Corbett administration announced 58 new Economic Growth
Initiative grants, totaling more than $133 million. The announced projects are
expected to create more than 45,000 jobs in 24 counties across the state.

To ensure the commonwealth can continue supporting Economic Growth Initiative
grants, Governor Corbett continued to urge the state legislature to enact
meaningful pension reform and address the current pension system's $50 billion
debt. Ballooning pension costs, which consume approximately 60 cents of every
new dollar of general fund revenues, detract from the commonwealth's ability to
invest in economic development and projects that spur job creation.

"Every dollar saved through pension reform is an opportunity to support more
Economic Initiative grants that build a stronger Pennsylvania," said Gov.
Corbett. "Doing nothing to fix our pension crisis fails our families throughout
Westmoreland County and the state."

For more information on the program, visit the Budget Office online at
www.budget.state.pa.usand select the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program
link.

Media contact:    Karen Gunnison, Office of the First Lady 717-787-1965

Jay Pagni, Governor's Office 717-783-1116

Editor's note: For statutory and legislative purposes, the Economic Grow
Initiative program will continue to be known as the Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Program.

For more information please visit: http://www.pa.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 13, 2011 Tuesday

Ocean research windfall makes landfall on the Cape

BYLINE: Sarah Shemkus, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 755 words


Sept. 13--WOODS HOLE -- The Ocean Observatories Initiative is a $100 million,
30-year project that intends to explore the scientific mysteries of the world's
oceans.

As it works towards that goal, however, the OOI is also starting to have a more
land-bound effect: By contracting with local businesses, the project is
providing an economic boost to the region and the state.

"We estimate, right now, just based on the work that's already underway, that
there are close to 140 companies that have in some way, shape or form benefited
directly from the work that is underway at WHOI," said Patrick Larkin, deputy
director of the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative, which has helped provide
funding for the OOI. "None of us can even begin to imagine what kind of
spin-offs this might represent."

In 2007, the National Science Foundation gave the Woods Hole Oceanographic
Institution a $100 million grant to lead the construction of the underwater
equipment that is the core of the project.

"The goal is to put in place the infrastructure to enable making observations
continuously in the ocean over a long period of time," said Rob Munier, WHOI's
vice president for marine facilities and operations.

The project is now in the early stages of the construction phase, he said.

Teledyne Webb and Hydroid

The infrastructure will include moorings in several locations and underwater
vehicles that can be deployed from these arrays to collect data about the
surrounding waters, he said. And these vehicles are being designed by local
marine technologies companies Hydroid and Teledyne Webb Research.

Pocasset-based Hydroid received a $1 million contract to modify its standard
REMUS 600 autonomous underwater vehicle to meet the OOI specifications, said
Duane Fotheringham, the company's vice president of operations.

Typically, he said, the REMUS 600 goes out on 24-hour missions and then returns
to the ship from which it was deployed. The vehicles for the OOI will need to be
able to conduct longer missions -- up to 50 hours -- then returning to an
underwater dock to recharge.

"Staying on the sea floor for 120 days is one of the new aspects of this
contract," Fotheringham said. "That requires a lot of thought about corrosion
and befouling and reliability."

Hydroid has been expanding significantly over the past year, he said, increasing
the staff from 64 to 80. Though this growth cannot be attributed entirely to the
company's work with the OOI, the project "adds and contributes to the growth and
creation of jobs."

Teledyne Webb Research, located in East Falmouth, was awarded a $261,000 grant
to adapt its underwater glider vehicles for use in the OOI.

"We've got orders in to develop coastal and global gliders," Munier said. "They
require certain amount of tweaking from the off-the-shelf vehicles that they
build."

In both cases, after the vehicle designs are completed, the OOI will, most
likely, place orders for the equipment, sending yet more money to the local tech
companies.

"Once the design is vetted and approved then there will be an order for
vehicles," Munier said.

Dozens of other Massachusetts companies have also received smaller orders as a
result of the OOI, Larkin said.

"There's a supply chain of work attached to just building the infrastructure,"
he said.

The economic impact of the project, however, is not just limited to money
flowing to local companies, said Hauke Kite-Powell, a research specialist for
the Marine Policy Center at WHOI.

He has studied the economic impact of more commercially oriented ocean observing
systems, and points out that the information gathered can help the shipping,
boating and fishing industries become more efficient and improve their bottom
lines.

The OOI installations are a little different, but still stands to create this
kind of economic benefit, he said.

"They are not primarily designed to provide information to commercial users,"
Kite-Powell said. "So the economic benefits "Â» are likely to be realized over
longer term and they're less predictable by their nature."

This longer timeframe, however, does not mean that the effects are less
important, he said.

"It's likely that marine resources will play an increasingly important role in
the future," he said. "Improving our understanding of how the different parts of
the marine ecosystem interact with other parts of the global ecosystem is of
great long-term importance."

___ (c)2011 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110913-CA-Ocean-research-windfall-makes-landfall-on-the-Cape-0913-20110913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2011 Cape Code Times


                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                          December 12, 2001, Wednesday

Festival grant plea

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4; THE SOUTH IN BRIEF The City Today

LENGTH: 70 words


Promoters of Nelson's seafood festival could get a $ 7000 city council
contribution for the March 2002 event from a government grant that was made
available to ease the economic impact on the city of the Honda car factory
closure. The Ministry of Commerce allocated $ 80,000 for new initiatives when
the factory closed, of which $ 28,000 was still unallocated, council development
officer Richard Butler said.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand


                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Council to mull grant to improve Pine Valley golf course

BYLINE: Charelle Evelyn, The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 174 words


Pine Valley golf course needs work and the city wants to apply for a grant that
would help it figure out where to start.

On Monday, city council will be asked to approve a grant application to the
Northern Development Initiative Trust for up to $9,000 to help fund a golf
course improvement study.

The total estimated cost of the study is up to $20,000. The remainder of the
expense would be covered by a 2016 capital project funded by the capital
expenditure reserve.

"Pine Valley has had some significant changes in the last 12 years and this
study will inform the city on how to best maintain the current assets and
prioritize capital upgrades," said a staff report to council.

The study would address the potential for reconfiguring the course and adding a
driving range; the associated costs and economic impact of a potential
reconfiguration; and the status of the current irrigation system and whether
it's feasible to fix it or if it should be replaced.

This year, city budgeted $25,000 for Pine Valley improvements and spent $7,859
in 2014.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 8, 2012 Friday

Thirteen local arts organizations to receive over 0.5 million dollars

LENGTH: 194  words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio


    Thirteen local arts organizations will receive over 0.5 million dollars via
 the PNC Arts Alive initiative of the PNC Foundation, it was announced.  PNC
regional president for central Ohio Michael Gonsiorowski said that music,
theater, dance and the visual arts are vital to increasing the quality of life
and attractiveness of our community. Arts Alive-funded programming is providing
 more opportunities for residents and visitors to access the rich arts
offerings of central Ohio and is helping grow central Ohio's economy, it was
added.  For projects that seek to attract and engage diverse audiences, PNC
Foundation receives its principal funding from The PNC Financial Services
Group. The funding will support programming to take place in 2013. This is the
third round of grants in the three-year PNC Arts Alive initiative, a $1.5
million effort to expand the reach and economic impact of arts programs in
central Ohio.    In September 2010, PNC Arts Alive launched in central Ohio and
 has already granted $1 million to 24 organizations that are utilizing
innovative technology for performances and forging new relationships with other
 local arts groups.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                 The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pennsylvania

                            January 6, 2006, Friday

Legacy endures for Lee Hospital

BYLINE: By Randy Griffith

LENGTH: 885 words



Lee Hospital's tradition will continue as a growing slate of health-care
initiatives and services for Greater Johnstown.

That was the message Thursday as Lee Initiatives Inc. leaders announced the
restructuring and renaming of the hospital's former holding company, Lee
Regional Health System Inc.

They promised new jobs, expanded economic impact and a new office building or
major expansion in Johnstown's business district.

"Lee Initiatives will be a catalyst," board Chairman John Augustine said at the
press conference at the Holiday Inn-Downtown, 250 Market St. "We will improve
the quality of life."

Free from the pressure of operating a hospital, Lee Initiatives can take a
broader look, said Larry Olek, Lee Foundation executive director.

"We are the only people who can look at the overall good of the community --
when it comes to health care -- without a profit perspective," Olek said.

Originally established to support the former Lee Hospital, the nonprofit holding
company lost its central mission last year when Conemaugh Health System took
over UPMC Lee Regional. Then-Lee Regional Health System received $ 9.5 million
to settle its lawsuit against hospital owners UPMC Health System of Pittsburgh,
vowing to use the money to improve medical care here.

"We promised last year we would create something new and exciting," Augustine
said.

Executive Director Anita Faas said the settlement money was invested and will
serve as a permanent endowment.

About $ 500,000 a year will be returned from investment earnings to fund new
health-care services, Faas said.

In addition, Lee Initiatives' real-estate development arm, Johnstown Medical
Development Corp., plans to construct new office space.

That space might be added to its existing Seifert Medical Arts Building and
parking garage at 321 Main St.

Either two more floors would be tacked on to the three-story Seifert building,
or a new office tower would be erected nearby.

Faas said it is too early to put a price on the project, and said it will be at
least two years before construction begins.

"Doctors who have offices in Seifert must really love being there," she said. "A
lot of them have been there long term."

Investment earnings from the $ 9.5 million UPMC settlement will be distributed
as the Lee Legacy Fund. An appointed commission will review proposals from local
organizations and residents to identify needs, Augustine said.

Programs could include such things as new clinics or additional health services,
Augustine said

He did not rule out helping former rival Memorial Medical Center and its
Conemaugh Health System.

"If they would come up with a program, I'd consider that," Augustine said.

More grants will be available from the Lee Foundation, which holds a $ 3.5
million endowment from donations that supported Lee Hospital, said Olek.

Matching grants, estimated at $ 13,000 a year to start, will allow area
organizations to qualify for allocations from other foundations or the
government that require a local match, Olek said.

The foundation and its affiliated Lee Auxiliary will continue fund-raising
events such as the annual Snowflake Ball and golf outing. Proceeds will build
the endowment to allow a growing stream of grants.

This year's Snowflake Ball is set for Jan. 21 at Sunnehanna Country Club.

Several existing initiatives under the former Lee Regional umbrella remain
unchanged, with a broader focus, Faas said.

Johnstown Medical Development Corp., for instance, co-owns Laurel View Village
retirement home in Davidsville with Allegheny Christian Ministries.

Unchanged operations include subsidiaries under Lee's for-profit division,
Walnut Management Corp.

Already billed as the region's largest home medical-equipment supplier, Walnut
Medical Services will open new outlets in Johnstown and Lewistown, Mifflin
County, Director John Kaiser said.

Kaiser admits the hospital acquisition brought fears that business would be lost
to Conemaugh Home Medical Equipment, but the change had little effect.

"We have our own niche," Kaiser said.

Other for-profit operations include Lifeline personal emergency-response
service, Physician Answering Service and the 3-month-old WorkPlace Health
occupational medicine program.

WorkPlace Health was cited as an example of how Lee Initiatives will look for
unmet health-care needs. It works with employers to prevent workplace injuries
and get workers back on the job, Administrative Director James Mendillo said.

Whether it is commercial operation or philanthropic outreach, everything Lee
Initiatives does will focus on the medical needs of Greater Johnstown, leaders
said.

New programs will mean new jobs, although leaders said it is too early to
predict numbers.

"It is good news for this area," Walnut Management President John Reed said. "We
are genuinely excited."


-----

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: JO-HOSPITAL-20060106

JOURNAL-CODE: JO

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
          Copyright 2006 The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pennsylvania


                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 13, 2012 Thursday

Copeland attends forum

BYLINE: Rod Guajardo, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 429 words


Sept. 13--VIDALIA -- Mayor Hyram Copeland knows a thing or two about the
Mississippi River.

So when a meeting was organized for mayors from the 10 states and more than 100
cities that border the Mississippi River, Copeland said he jumped at the chance
to participate.

"They probably couldn't ask for anyone who has had more experience with the
river than we had," Copeland said. "We had the flood last year and a drought and
hurricane this year, so we've got some experiences to share."

The Mississippi River Cities and Towns Initiative is having its inaugural
meeting at a two-day event this week in St. Louis to discuss the long-term well
being of the river and the communities it borders.

The Northeast-Midwest Institute created the initiative from a $250,000 grant
through the Walton Family Foundation.

"The MRCTI will give a common voice to those who depend most upon the river, and
by virtue of doing so, will span political and economic interests," said
director Colin Wellenkamp in a press release. "That is, it will tap a natural
source of the longed-for integration of transportation, farming, industrial,
municipal and environmental interests to launch lasting solutions to river
management issues."

The event will feature more than 20 mayors -- including Copeland -- attempting
to captivate state and federal officials to work together.

"One of the goals is to

create a network with all of these agencies," Copeland said. "All of these
municipalities have faced economic impacts from the river, so we can all share
experiences and learn from each others' situations."

The gathering comes during one of the worst droughts in recent memory, with low
water on the Mississippi River continuing to affect river traffic and
recreation.

Copeland will moderate a meeting today titled, "Floods and droughts: mitigating,
insuring and developing in their path."

"It's an honor to be invited to this seminar and to be asked to moderate the
meeting," Copeland said. "We've got some issues going on in Vidalia that we can
discuss with mayors from up and down the river."

Also participating in that meeting will be Sandra Knight with the Federal
Emergency Management Agency, Chad Berginnis with State Floodplain Managers and
Jasper Grant with the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Other meetings vary from topics such as "Rural/urban development within the
Mississippi River" to "City/state partnerships for the river."

Print Article

___ (c)2012 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120913-YY-Copeland-attends-forum-0913-20120913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2012 The Natchez Democrat


                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Agriculture Chairwoman Stabenow Announces Support for Manistique to Buy New
Police Vehicle

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Chairwoman of the Senate Committee on Agriculture,
Nutrition and Forestry, today announced a Rural Development Grant for
Manistique. The grant, made available through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative, will be used to
purchase a new police vehicle to help the City serve and protect local
residents.

"We depend on our men and women in uniform to be there in times of crisis, and
they depend on us for the support they need to do their jobs," said Stabenow.
"This funding will help the City of Manistique perform their duties and protect
the public."

The City of Manistique will receive $20,000 to help replace its current vehicle,
which is nearing the end of its useful lifespan. Stabenow is Chairwoman of the
Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, which has jurisdiction
over rural development projects.

For further information please visit: http://www.stabenow.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               February 15, 2015

IMF Launches Trust Fund for African Disasters

BYLINE: Kenneth Agutamba

LENGTH: 814 words


African countries experiencing public health disasters will now, and in future,
benefit from a new initiative established by the International Monetary Fund
(IMF).

The Catastrophe Containment and Relief (CCR) Trust allows IMF to provide debt
relief in situations such as the Ebola outbreak in some West African countries
as well as to other nations on the continent experiencing different types of
catastrophic disasters.

The initiative was officially announced on Friday this week but the decision
behind it was reached following a meeting on February 4 by the IMF Executive
Board of directors which discussed how to better support low income countries
hit by health disasters.

It's also the Fund's response to a November 2014 meeting of the G-20 nations in
Brisbane which called on the Bretton Woods Institutions to boost support to
countries severely affected by the Ebola.

The meeting suggested a cocktail of support such as concessional loans, debt
relief and grants, and asked other international bodies to explore new, flexible
mechanisms to address the economic effects of future crises.

It's not clear how much money the IMF is setting aside for this initiative, but
the first beneficiaries, Ebola hit countries in West Africa, know how much
they'll get.

For instance, the CCR will provide grants for debt relief of $100 million for
the three countries affected by Ebola-Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea.

The debt relief to the three countries comes in addition to the $130 million of
assistance provided in September 2014, and a second round of new concessional
loans amounting to about $160 million will be considered soon by the Executive
Board.

Experts say that the grants can ease pressures on the affected countries'
balance of payment and create fiscal space to tackle relief and recovery
challenges.

This IMF new initiative replaces the Post-Catastrophe Debt Relief (PCDR) Trust
which was established on June 25, 2010 following the massive earthquake in
Haiti; CCR expands the circumstances under which the Fund can provide
exceptional assistance to include public health disasters.

"I welcome the establishment of the Catastrophe Containment Relief Trust. It
aims at enhancing our support to the countries in Africa hit by Ebola, as well
as other low income countries that may be affected by public health disasters in
the future," said IMF boss, Christine Lagarde.

The scope of the Trust is wide and not limited to only countries currently
battling Ebola.

Lagarde said CCR is designed to allow the IMF flexibility needed to adjust its
policies in the face of unexpected international developments, including
pandemics, to serve the needs of its most vulnerable members.

In August 2014, the World Bank announced that it was allocating $200m in
emergency assistance to West African countries battling to contain the Ebola
outbreak.

The money, it was reported would be distributed to the governments of Liberia,
Sierra Leone and Guinea as well as to the World Health Organization.

It's fair to say that CCR is a fruit of a meeting in October last year in
Washington, where leaders of the three Ebola-stricken West African nations met
the heads of the United Nations, the IMF and the World Bank to discuss what help
they need to fight Ebola.

During the meeting, Sierra Leone President Ernest Bai Koroma asked for support
saying, "Sierra Leone needs help from people at this table. This is not a
disease we brought in ourselves."

Koroma described Ebola as an 'evil virus' which was causing great destruction to
mining, agriculture, state security and poverty reduction initiatives and called
for concerted efforts to combat it.

African Development Bank Group President Donald Kaberuka who also attended the
Washington strategy meeting said then, that, "We can deal with it. We can
resolve this matter and the African Development Bank will play its part."

Kaberuka, a Rwandan economist and former Minister of Finance, emphasized the
need to address the economic impact to affected countries saying: "We must
provide macro-economic support" as we "deal with the epidemic to stop Ebola
spreading to other regions".

The AfDB has contributed more than $200 million towards efforts to contain Ebola
but Kaberuka cautioned that a balance had to be struck in order not to, "take
money from education, infrastructure and other resources. I know it is tough."

Since the deadly outbreak in West Africa, 1,995 people have died in Guinea,
3,826 in Liberia and 3,341 in Sierra Leon.

The East African community is jointly contributing 41 doctors and 578 other
healthcare workers to help Ebola stricken countries.

Rwanda has pledged seven doctors and seven other healthcare workers, Kenya 15
doctors and 300 other healthcare workers, while Uganda will contribute 14
doctors and 21 other healthcare workers. Tanzania pledged five doctors while
Burundi will contribute 250 healthcare workers.

Follow @KenAgutamba

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 July 16, 2012

Coaching for growth;
Program helps minority-owned suppliers diversify; process, ROI debated as
backers seek renewed funding

BYLINE: MEGHANA KESHAVAN

SECTION: Pg. 8 Vol. 28

LENGTH: 1610  words


Sterling Heights-based Standard Components Inc. went through a painful - but
crucial - business analysis and improvement program so it could successfully
diversify into new lines of business and operate its automotive business more
efficiently.

The company was one of 21 minority-owned auto suppliers that received intensive
coaching and consulting through Detroit's Urban Entrepreneur Partnership
program. The program aimed to help 150 minority-owned automotive suppliers in
the metro Detroit area diversify.

Results from the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation-backed initiative have been
mixed, however. While some companies attribute revenue growth to the UEP's
efforts, critics say return on investment data is inconclusive and that not
enough companies were helped.

Supporters say UEP helps companies get to the next level.

The business improvement process was rigorous, said James Wilkins, president and
CEO of Standard Components.

"They analyzed every aspect of our business - supply chain, marketing,
management, our financials - and they didn't spare us," Wilkins said. "It was an
important process, but painful. It felt like they were calling our baby ugly."

About 60 percent of the company's business is automotive, and 40 percent is in
aerospace, Wilkins said. Standard Components was already working on branching
out into the aerospace industry before getting involved with UEP - in 2009 it
was named a preferred supplier by Savannah, Ga.-based Gulf Stream Aerospace
Corp. And it has been bolstered by the auto industry's recent rebound in
addition to the UEP help.

"We were fortunate because we were already deemed a key supplier, so we didn't
get hurt too bad by the downturn," Wilkins said. "And after (the automakers)
came out of bankruptcy, there were fewer players in the sandbox, so to speak, so
we've done well."

The goal

UEP Detroit launched in 2009 and operates with a $3 million, three-year grant
from Detroit's New Economy Initiative. Its initial goal was to help minority
suppliers expand into markets like aerospace, medical devices and agricultural
equipment.

Ric Monkaba, a senior UEP consultant, said the recession created a sink-or-swim
environment for many minority suppliers, and many caved under financial
pressure.

"Every sector got hit hard with the downturn in automotive, but the feeling was
that the one sector that got hit worse than the rest was minority-owned," he
said.

The UEP was started in 2004 by the National Urban League, a civil rights
organization in New York City with roots dating back to 1906.

The Kauffman Foundation, a nonprofit focused on entrepreneurship and business
growth and based in Kansas City, Mo., took control in 2005.

In Michigan, roles were initially divided among the NEI, the Kauffman Foundation
and the Michigan Minority Supplier Development Council.

The MMSDC identified the 150 target suppliers, and the UEP analyzed each company
and provided feedback to companies that might not have had the resources to
independently employ outside consultants.

Daryl Williams, president and CEO of the UEP, said a priority has been to build
a replicable model for minority business growth that could help companies in
other cities.

UEP outposts in New Orleans, Florida, Missouri and Texas focus mainly on
small-business growth. The program in Detroit is thus far the only one to help
larger minority-run companies grow revenue.

Monkaba, a former General Motors Co. plant manager who oversaw more than 4,000
employees and a $500 million operating budget, consults out of UEP's
TechTown-based office with two other industry veterans. Coaches from Bloomfield
Hills business advisory firm Fulcrum Edge Inc. and the Michigan Aerospace
Manufacturers Association in Warren also helped guide company leadership.

The NEI grant ends in October, so as year three winds to a close, the program's
backers are looking to renew funding through 2015.

Williams said the UEP is working with other grant providers in Michigan to
extend funding and expand the program's services across the state.

It can point to several success stories, such as Standard Components. The
company reported revenue of $11.1 million in 2011 and expects $12.8 million in
2012.

Another success story is Newtech3 Inc., a Wixom-based low-volume manufacturer of
wire harnesses and circuit boards.

Jack Long, president of Newtech3, said the UEP created a plan based on the
company's performance and potential. It was advised to expand into agricultural
and miscellaneous manufacturing. The UEP helped streamline the company's
processes and make important introductions, he said.

"The UEP helped us tailor our bidding processes so we only approached new
markets whose needs fit our capacity."

The company projects $4 million in sales this year - up from $1.5 million in
2009.

"The UEP helped us take a more focused, narrow, planned approach to business,"
Long said. "A small business doesn't have to run by the seat of its pants - it
can run like a large business, and the UEP showed us you just have to scale it
to your size."

Mary Brett, president of National Industrial Supply Co., a Troy-based supplier,
said that without the UEP it would have been extremely difficult for her company
to complete the change needed to streamline its processes. The family-run
company sells custom industrial chains and wire ropes to automotive OEMs, and is
branching into the agricultural equipment.

"We realized that if we were going to survive this downturn and come out a
better company, we'd have to become better business owners and better managers."

The results

An impact report released in May said that between 2009 and 2011, 111 companies
entered the UEP Detroit 150 program. The report classified them in two
categories: clients and participants.

There were 21 clients and 90 participants.

Clients received complete coaching from the UEP, whereas participants applied to
the program but withdrew, failed to complete all the requirements or were not
qualified to become clients, the report said.

Of the 21 companies that received intensive coaching, 15 reported financial
results. The companies' average revenue increased from $60.9 million in 2010 to
$95.7 million in 2011. The average employment in these companies increased by 30
percent, from 193 people to 252, UEP said.

The report said that three UEP companies were awarded $87.2 million in new
contracts, and that their likelihood of receiving these contracts was increased
by UEP's involvement. Based on these numbers, the report said that the UEP
created 1,936 jobs and had an economic impact of $187 million.

But the report did not include numbers for the 96 other companies evaluated,
because UEP Detroit 150 had a high dropout rate. This caused the consultants to
shift gears and focus on the companies that were committed to the program.

"A lot of companies were only interested in diversifying when the auto industry
was suffering, but recently there's been an exodus back to the Detroit 3 because
they order in higher volumes than other industries might," Monkaba said. "It's
been a challenge to convince companies to stay in it for the long haul."

He said that there's also a bias against minority suppliers.

"Some minority suppliers were propped up by the automotive industry," he
said."So that's what our job became: to cull out the best of the best," he said.
"The companies we deal with are high-performing companies who happen to be
minority-owned."

Criticism comes

Louis Green, president of the Michigan Minority Supplier Development Council and
a former UEP Detroit board member, said that while the UEP is a well-intentioned
effort, he doesn't think it accomplished what it set out to do.

"Twenty-one companies out of 150 - those are not the results you want to see
over three years," he said. "The companies that were successful were great
companies already, so it's not clear to me what incremental value the UEP
brought to make them more successful."

UEP Detroit's website still lists the MMSDC as a partner along with the Kauffman
Foundation and the New Economy Initiative. But Green said he has not been a UEP
board member for more than a year and that several members of the initial
advisory board also have stepped away.

"I don't think there's a business case for a funding renewal," Green said in a
June interview. "If you think about how you can use $3 million to make an impact
on the business community in Michigan, I would hazard a guess that a lot of
competing initiatives might be able to make a more compelling case for funding."

Other industry observers say it's hard to separate what business growth is due
to the UEP business improvements and what is due to the overall rebound of the
automotive industry.

"It's difficult to entirely attribute revenue growth of these companies to this
program, but it was likely a positive factor," said Fred Hubacker, executive
managing director of turnaround firm Conway MacKenzie Inc. Hubacker said,
however, that an "inordinately high" number of companies - nearly 80 percent -
didn't make the grade.

To date, Williams said, the number of participants is still at 111, though the
UEP is on track to evaluate 150 by the end of the grant period.

Don Grimes, a senior researcher at the University of Michigan Institute for
Research on Labor, Employment and the Economy, called the impact report hard to
interpret: "$187 million in economic impact seems quite overblown." He added,
however, that the program itself seemed effective for the companies involved.

"In any case, the program's cost was very modest at $3 million," he said. "So
even if the impact was half of what they reported, I'd say the program was still
very worthwhile."

Gary Anglebrandt contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Macon County Times, Lafayette, Tenn.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Lafayette receives $50,000 Grant

BYLINE: Kelly Rich, Macon County Times, Lafayette, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


Aug. 31--On Wednesday, August 24, 2016 Jody Sliger with the State of Tennessee
Department of Economic and Community Development, and Virginia Solimine, Upper
Cumberland Development District Community Development Planner, came to Lafayette
and presented County Mayor Steve Jones and City Mayor Richard Driver with a
$50,000 check.

Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam and Economic and Community Development Commissioner
Randy Boyd announced that 29 communities will receive over $999,000 in Tourism
Enhancement Grants to assist communities with tourism infrastructure assets.

The grants assist counties and cities in improving local assets to increase the
economic impact of tourism. Among the grants awarded was the City of Lafayette
for $50,000.

Tennessee Department of Tourist Development Commissioner Kevin Triplett said,
"Tourism development is an important part of every community, but in some cases
we were finding a lack of infrastructure to fully take advantage of some tourism
opportunities. We appreciate our great partners at TNECD for coming to the table
with this initiative for communities to enhance their local tourism assets."

City Mayor Richard Driver and County Mayor Steve Jones worked together to get
the grant for the Winding Stairs Park. Driver stated, "This shows what happens
when the City and the County works together. The funds will be used for building
a log cabin, for a meeting place for the Friends of the Winding Stairs, the Boy,
Girl, and Cub Scouts can meet here also. This is something that can be used year
round."

Jones commented, "Honest Abe Log Homes will be building the structure. It will
be a 30' x 40' log building with a meeting room, bathroom, and a small
kitchenette."

Reach Kelly Rich at 615-666-2440.

___ (c)2016 the Macon County Times (Lafayette, Tenn.) Visit the Macon County
Times (Lafayette, Tenn.) at www.maconcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160831-1LY-Lafayette-receives-50000-Grant-0831-20160831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LY


              Copyright 2016 Macon County Times, Lafayette, Tenn.


                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Supercomputers plan secures EU funding boost

BYLINE: Chris Kelsey

SECTION: BUSINESS IN WALES;BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 545 words


Agovernment-funded initiative to develop supercomputing facilities in Wales has
received additional finance from the European Union.

High Performance Computing (HPC) Wales, with support from Bangor University, has
been awarded a grant by the European Commission under the EU's Horizon 2020
Research and Innovation programme to lead Europe's Network of HPC Competency
Centres for SMEs.

The network will promote access to computational facilities, pool expertise and
resources across Europe and share best practice in HPC industrial use, raising
awareness of the benefits of HPC and contributing to the implementation of the
European HPC Strategy.

The initiative, which begins on June 1, will bring together a diverse mix of
established national centres of excellence and regional HPC centres across
Europe, set up specifically to promote access to HPC for industry for economic
development and regeneration purposes.

Rick Hillum, CEO for HPC Wales, said: "This is an exciting opportunity to shape
and influence the future of the role of HPC in industry, in particular SMEs,
across Europe. Our success to date is a testament to the insight and vision of
our Welsh university partners and funding bodies in establishing Wales' unique
HPC service."

Karen Padmore, who led the bid and will lead the project, said: "Supercomputing
is fast becoming an indispensable technology for business growth, and we are
proud to be leading this significant European Network which will provide the
vital support SMEs need to access HPC services for future commercial success."

Augusto Burgueño Arjona, head of the European Commission's e-infrastructure
unit, said: "The availability of HPC resources, good relationships with academic
research and the support of large companies is fundamental for SME
competitiveness and responsiveness to market demands. "By leading this Network,
HPC Wales will facilitate the creation of this favourable environment for new
and existing SMEs, leading the way for Europe in maximising the economic impact
of e-infrastructure."

Supported by the Welsh Government and European Regional Development Fund, HPC
Wales has a strong track record of providing SMEs with access to HPC services.
Host to the UK's largest distributed supercomputing network, HPC Wales provides
academics and businesses with access to world-class supercomputing facilities
along with the training and support necessary to fully exploit it.

The company has already assisted more than 220 enterprises, established more
than 110 industry-academia collaborations and attracted close to £4m inward
investment into Wales.

Welsh Government Minister for Finance and Government Business Jane Hutt said:
"Horizon 2020 is the EU's largest research and innovation programme, worth
nearly (EURO)80bn across EU regions to produce world-class science, industrial
leadership and commercially successful partnerships, and offers excellent
opportunities for Wales to enhance its reputation in the world.

"I'm delighted that the EU has invested Horizon 2020 funds for HPC Wales to
lead, with Welsh universities and other European partners, a network of
expertise and innovation within the area of supercomputing, which in turn will
play an important role in supporting the growth of SMEs in Wales and across the
EU."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Supercomputers plan secures EU funding boost

BYLINE: Chris Kelsey

SECTION: BUSINESS IN WALES;BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 545 words


Agovernment-funded initiative to develop supercomputing facilities in Wales has
received additional finance from the European Union.

High Performance Computing (HPC) Wales, with support from Bangor University, has
been awarded a grant by the European Commission under the EU's Horizon 2020
Research and Innovation programme to lead Europe's Network of HPC Competency
Centres for SMEs.

The network will promote access to computational facilities, pool expertise and
resources across Europe and share best practice in HPC industrial use, raising
awareness of the benefits of HPC and contributing to the implementation of the
European HPC Strategy.

The initiative, which begins on June 1, will bring together a diverse mix of
established national centres of excellence and regional HPC centres across
Europe, set up specifically to promote access to HPC for industry for economic
development and regeneration purposes.

Rick Hillum, CEO for HPC Wales, said: "This is an exciting opportunity to shape
and influence the future of the role of HPC in industry, in particular SMEs,
across Europe. Our success to date is a testament to the insight and vision of
our Welsh university partners and funding bodies in establishing Wales' unique
HPC service."

Karen Padmore, who led the bid and will lead the project, said: "Supercomputing
is fast becoming an indispensable technology for business growth, and we are
proud to be leading this significant European Network which will provide the
vital support SMEs need to access HPC services for future commercial success."

Augusto Burgueño Arjona, head of the European Commission's e-infrastructure
unit, said: "The availability of HPC resources, good relationships with academic
research and the support of large companies is fundamental for SME
competitiveness and responsiveness to market demands. "By leading this Network,
HPC Wales will facilitate the creation of this favourable environment for new
and existing SMEs, leading the way for Europe in maximising the economic impact
of e-infrastructure."

Supported by the Welsh Government and European Regional Development Fund, HPC
Wales has a strong track record of providing SMEs with access to HPC services.
Host to the UK's largest distributed supercomputing network, HPC Wales provides
academics and businesses with access to world-class supercomputing facilities
along with the training and support necessary to fully exploit it.

The company has already assisted more than 220 enterprises, established more
than 110 industry-academia collaborations and attracted close to £4m inward
investment into Wales.

Welsh Government Minister for Finance and Government Business Jane Hutt said:
"Horizon 2020 is the EU's largest research and innovation programme, worth
nearly (EURO)80bn across EU regions to produce world-class science, industrial
leadership and commercially successful partnerships, and offers excellent
opportunities for Wales to enhance its reputation in the world.

"I'm delighted that the EU has invested Horizon 2020 funds for HPC Wales to
lead, with Welsh universities and other European partners, a network of
expertise and innovation within the area of supercomputing, which in turn will
play an important role in supporting the growth of SMEs in Wales and across the
EU."

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Supercomputers plan secures EU funding boost

BYLINE: Chris Kelsey

SECTION: BUSINESS IN WALES;BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 545 words


Agovernment-funded initiative to develop supercomputing facilities in Wales has
received additional finance from the European Union.

High Performance Computing (HPC) Wales, with support from Bangor University, has
been awarded a grant by the European Commission under the EU's Horizon 2020
Research and Innovation programme to lead Europe's Network of HPC Competency
Centres for SMEs.

The network will promote access to computational facilities, pool expertise and
resources across Europe and share best practice in HPC industrial use, raising
awareness of the benefits of HPC and contributing to the implementation of the
European HPC Strategy.

The initiative, which begins on June 1, will bring together a diverse mix of
established national centres of excellence and regional HPC centres across
Europe, set up specifically to promote access to HPC for industry for economic
development and regeneration purposes.

Rick Hillum, CEO for HPC Wales, said: "This is an exciting opportunity to shape
and influence the future of the role of HPC in industry, in particular SMEs,
across Europe. Our success to date is a testament to the insight and vision of
our Welsh university partners and funding bodies in establishing Wales' unique
HPC service."

Karen Padmore, who led the bid and will lead the project, said: "Supercomputing
is fast becoming an indispensable technology for business growth, and we are
proud to be leading this significant European Network which will provide the
vital support SMEs need to access HPC services for future commercial success."

Augusto Burgueño Arjona, head of the European Commission's e-infrastructure
unit, said: "The availability of HPC resources, good relationships with academic
research and the support of large companies is fundamental for SME
competitiveness and responsiveness to market demands. "By leading this Network,
HPC Wales will facilitate the creation of this favourable environment for new
and existing SMEs, leading the way for Europe in maximising the economic impact
of e-infrastructure."

Supported by the Welsh Government and European Regional Development Fund, HPC
Wales has a strong track record of providing SMEs with access to HPC services.
Host to the UK's largest distributed supercomputing network, HPC Wales provides
academics and businesses with access to world-class supercomputing facilities
along with the training and support necessary to fully exploit it.

The company has already assisted more than 220 enterprises, established more
than 110 industry-academia collaborations and attracted close to £4m inward
investment into Wales.

Welsh Government Minister for Finance and Government Business Jane Hutt said:
"Horizon 2020 is the EU's largest research and innovation programme, worth
nearly (EURO)80bn across EU regions to produce world-class science, industrial
leadership and commercially successful partnerships, and offers excellent
opportunities for Wales to enhance its reputation in the world.

"I'm delighted that the EU has invested Horizon 2020 funds for HPC Wales to
lead, with Welsh universities and other European partners, a network of
expertise and innovation within the area of supercomputing, which in turn will
play an important role in supporting the growth of SMEs in Wales and across the
EU."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Supercomputers plan secures EU funding boost

BYLINE: Chris Kelsey

SECTION: BUSINESS IN WALES;BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 545 words


Agovernment-funded initiative to develop supercomputing facilities in Wales has
received additional finance from the European Union.

High Performance Computing (HPC) Wales, with support from Bangor University, has
been awarded a grant by the European Commission under the EU's Horizon 2020
Research and Innovation programme to lead Europe's Network of HPC Competency
Centres for SMEs.

The network will promote access to computational facilities, pool expertise and
resources across Europe and share best practice in HPC industrial use, raising
awareness of the benefits of HPC and contributing to the implementation of the
European HPC Strategy.

The initiative, which begins on June 1, will bring together a diverse mix of
established national centres of excellence and regional HPC centres across
Europe, set up specifically to promote access to HPC for industry for economic
development and regeneration purposes.

Rick Hillum, CEO for HPC Wales, said: "This is an exciting opportunity to shape
and influence the future of the role of HPC in industry, in particular SMEs,
across Europe. Our success to date is a testament to the insight and vision of
our Welsh university partners and funding bodies in establishing Wales' unique
HPC service."

Karen Padmore, who led the bid and will lead the project, said: "Supercomputing
is fast becoming an indispensable technology for business growth, and we are
proud to be leading this significant European Network which will provide the
vital support SMEs need to access HPC services for future commercial success."

Augusto Burgueño Arjona, head of the European Commission's e-infrastructure
unit, said: "The availability of HPC resources, good relationships with academic
research and the support of large companies is fundamental for SME
competitiveness and responsiveness to market demands. "By leading this Network,
HPC Wales will facilitate the creation of this favourable environment for new
and existing SMEs, leading the way for Europe in maximising the economic impact
of e-infrastructure."

Supported by the Welsh Government and European Regional Development Fund, HPC
Wales has a strong track record of providing SMEs with access to HPC services.
Host to the UK's largest distributed supercomputing network, HPC Wales provides
academics and businesses with access to world-class supercomputing facilities
along with the training and support necessary to fully exploit it.

The company has already assisted more than 220 enterprises, established more
than 110 industry-academia collaborations and attracted close to £4m inward
investment into Wales.

Welsh Government Minister for Finance and Government Business Jane Hutt said:
"Horizon 2020 is the EU's largest research and innovation programme, worth
nearly (EURO)80bn across EU regions to produce world-class science, industrial
leadership and commercially successful partnerships, and offers excellent
opportunities for Wales to enhance its reputation in the world.

"I'm delighted that the EU has invested Horizon 2020 funds for HPC Wales to
lead, with Welsh universities and other European partners, a network of
expertise and innovation within the area of supercomputing, which in turn will
play an important role in supporting the growth of SMEs in Wales and across the
EU."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Wisconsin: Racine Receives $1 Million State Grant for Machinery Row
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 823  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The City of Racine has been awarded a $1 million grant from the state's Idle
Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, an initiative that helps help spur the
redevelopment of abandoned properties throughout Wisconsin.

The grant, awarded by the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC),
will be used to help fund a $65 million project that calls for transforming 20
acres of idle industrial property along the Root River into a mixed-used
development that will include commercial, retail and residential space.
The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The city and developer Financial District Properties Machinery Row LLC are
planning the redevelopment of two large industrial buildings in Racine's
Machinery Row district on Water Street--a project expected to revitalize the
city's riverfront and create more than 100 jobs in the first phase and
ultimately more than 500 jobs.

"This redevelopment has the potential to transform what is now a neglected area
into a place where people can live, work, shop and dine along the scenic
riverfront," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the state's lead
economic development organization. "This is one of the most significant economic
development projects in Racine's history, and WEDC is pleased to be able to
provide support for this ambitious initiative."

"We are excited that the state and WEDC have the same vision as we do for the
Machinery Row site," said Racine Mayor John Dickert. "The Idle Industrial Site
grant will allow the project to move forward quickly and provide environmental
remediation for the project. Thanks to the teamwork on this project we will
begin the rebuilding of our riverfront for all of Racine to enjoy."

"We are grateful to WEDC and Governor Walker for awarding the City of Racine
with these funds that are yet another step forward in our goal to create a
catalytic project that will provide the people of Racine a lasting economic
impact," said Jennifer Kakert, CFO of Financial District Properties Machinery
Row.

"These funds will significantly help with remediating costly environmental
contamination and cleanup," added Jim Bowman, the company's development
director. "Without this state assistance, the costs to address existing
environmental issues would prohibit our ability to attract the necessary capital
to complete this very complex redevelopment project."

WEDC's Idle Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, created in 2013, stimulates
investment and job creation in idle, abandoned and underutilized manufacturing
sites that cannot be solely redeveloped by the private sector due to their scale
and complexity.

The competitive program offers grants of up to $1 million to communities for the
implementation of redevelopment plans for sites of 10 acres or more that have
been idle, abandoned or underutilized for at least five years. The sites must
have had at least 25 years of prior commercial or industrial usage to qualify.

The funds can be used for demolition, environmental remediation, or
site-specific improvements defined in a redevelopment plan.

In this latest round of funding, the City of Oak Creek received $1 million for
the Drexel Town Square project and the City of Merrill received $417,250 to help
fund a $1.4 million redevelopment project along the Wisconsin River. WEDC
expects to award a total of $3.4 million to municipalities in this round of
funding, and more grant announcements will be made in coming weeks.

In addition to the grant, WEDC also is supporting the Machinery Row project by
authorizing the developer to receive up to $9 million in Historic Preservation
Tax Credits for the project. The actual amount of tax credits is contingent upon
how much the developer spends on rehabilitation work. The City of Racine is
providing $7 million in assistance for infrastructure needs on the site.

The Machinery Row project calls for redeveloping two buildings totaling 720,000
square feet on the former J.I. Case property at 900 and 820 Water Street that
are more than 100 years old. The 440,000-square-foot building at 900 Water
Street will be renovated into about 165 market-rate apartments with supportive
commercial enterprises; the other building will house about 280,000 square feet
of mixed use development. It also includes an urban grocery store with
sufficient space for a farmers market and a recreation facility.

The Root River riverfront at Machinery Row will become a 3-acre public park,
promenade and gathering space in a location that has not been fully accessible
to the public for more than a century. The area also will be connected to
existing and planned regional walking, biking and recreational trails.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Wisconsin: Racine Receives $1 Million State Grant for Machinery Row
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 823  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The City of Racine has been awarded a $1 million grant from the state's Idle
Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, an initiative that helps help spur the
redevelopment of abandoned properties throughout Wisconsin.

The grant, awarded by the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC),
will be used to help fund a $65 million project that calls for transforming 20
acres of idle industrial property along the Root River into a mixed-used
development that will include commercial, retail and residential space.
The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The city and developer Financial District Properties Machinery Row LLC are
planning the redevelopment of two large industrial buildings in Racine's
Machinery Row district on Water Street--a project expected to revitalize the
city's riverfront and create more than 100 jobs in the first phase and
ultimately more than 500 jobs.

"This redevelopment has the potential to transform what is now a neglected area
into a place where people can live, work, shop and dine along the scenic
riverfront," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the state's lead
economic development organization. "This is one of the most significant economic
development projects in Racine's history, and WEDC is pleased to be able to
provide support for this ambitious initiative."

"We are excited that the state and WEDC have the same vision as we do for the
Machinery Row site," said Racine Mayor John Dickert. "The Idle Industrial Site
grant will allow the project to move forward quickly and provide environmental
remediation for the project. Thanks to the teamwork on this project we will
begin the rebuilding of our riverfront for all of Racine to enjoy."

"We are grateful to WEDC and Governor Walker for awarding the City of Racine
with these funds that are yet another step forward in our goal to create a
catalytic project that will provide the people of Racine a lasting economic
impact," said Jennifer Kakert, CFO of Financial District Properties Machinery
Row.

"These funds will significantly help with remediating costly environmental
contamination and cleanup," added Jim Bowman, the company's development
director. "Without this state assistance, the costs to address existing
environmental issues would prohibit our ability to attract the necessary capital
to complete this very complex redevelopment project."

WEDC's Idle Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, created in 2013, stimulates
investment and job creation in idle, abandoned and underutilized manufacturing
sites that cannot be solely redeveloped by the private sector due to their scale
and complexity.

The competitive program offers grants of up to $1 million to communities for the
implementation of redevelopment plans for sites of 10 acres or more that have
been idle, abandoned or underutilized for at least five years. The sites must
have had at least 25 years of prior commercial or industrial usage to qualify.

The funds can be used for demolition, environmental remediation, or
site-specific improvements defined in a redevelopment plan.

In this latest round of funding, the City of Oak Creek received $1 million for
the Drexel Town Square project and the City of Merrill received $417,250 to help
fund a $1.4 million redevelopment project along the Wisconsin River. WEDC
expects to award a total of $3.4 million to municipalities in this round of
funding, and more grant announcements will be made in coming weeks.

In addition to the grant, WEDC also is supporting the Machinery Row project by
authorizing the developer to receive up to $9 million in Historic Preservation
Tax Credits for the project. The actual amount of tax credits is contingent upon
how much the developer spends on rehabilitation work. The City of Racine is
providing $7 million in assistance for infrastructure needs on the site.

The Machinery Row project calls for redeveloping two buildings totaling 720,000
square feet on the former J.I. Case property at 900 and 820 Water Street that
are more than 100 years old. The 440,000-square-foot building at 900 Water
Street will be renovated into about 165 market-rate apartments with supportive
commercial enterprises; the other building will house about 280,000 square feet
of mixed use development. It also includes an urban grocery store with
sufficient space for a farmers market and a recreation facility.

The Root River riverfront at Machinery Row will become a 3-acre public park,
promenade and gathering space in a location that has not been fully accessible
to the public for more than a century. The area also will be connected to
existing and planned regional walking, biking and recreational trails.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                             May 28, 2003 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

13 projects vying for money from softwood compensation program

BYLINE: Shayne Morrow, Alberni Valley Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 671  words


The city supports a baker's dozen applications for funding under the softwood
industry community economic adjustment initiative (SICEAI), and denies support
for one.

B.C. is scheduled to receive about $55 million in federal funding to soften the
economic impact of the countervailing duties on lumber exports to the United
States. How the SICEAI program will be affected by Tuesday's World Trade
Organization ruling in Canada's favour is now an open question.

Rejected was an application, for $28,000 for immigration consultant services.
The proponent has plans to attract investor-immigrants to Canada from South
America, but cannot guarantee that any potential clients would settle in the
Alberni Valley.

Among the 13 that city council moved to support is a request for $30,000 from
the Alberni Valley community arts council, to upgrade Rollin Art Centre as a
heritage tourist destination. The grant would be used to improve the native
species garden and build a studio where local artists can work and interact with
the public, said arts council president Colleen Hanley.

The Port Alberni Port Authority has applied for $175,800, which represents half
of the $351,600 cost of developing the next phase of Harbour Quay Marina. Port
CEO Denis White said the new complex will include retail space, laundry and
washroom facilities and a caretaker's residence.

The port has spent $4.5 million on the marina project so far, White said. That
includes dredging, construction, landscaping and paving. The new complex will
continue in the existing Harbour Quay design, and will eventually employ four
full-time workers. There are no plans to add to the present 165 berths as yet,
White said.

Council approved two applications from Hupacasath First Nation: $500,000 for
development of the Victoria Quay tourist centre, plus $500,000 for the China
Creek hydro project.

Hupacasath spokesperson Tawney Lem said the architect has been chosen for the
Victoria Quay project (total budget: $3.5 million), which will serve as a
centrepiece for aboriginal/heritage tourism in the Alberni Valley, and will
employ up to 10 workers.

The Port Alberni Women's Resource Society also appeared with a double-barrelled
request, the first for $41,347, towards a private-sector work experience centre.
Society president Ann Graboski said the plan is to create a mini-golf course
which highlights local tourist attractions at each hole. The resource centre has
also applied for $77,829 in funding to hire a full-time community connections
worker (for up to three years) to train and coordinate volunteer workers in the
Alberni Valley. Council approved both applications.

Councillors also voted to support a $525,000 request from the Uptown Merchants
Association, to cover 50 per cent of the cost of streetscape improvements in the
Argyle-Mar Street/First-Fifth Street business district.

Rim-Bra Brake Systems CEO Marc Hunter, featured in Monday's edition of the AV
Times, is seeking funding (no specific sum) to move ahead with his revolutionary
heavy-duty brake technology, now under testing with BC Transit.

Council will support that application, plus a $15,000 request from Alberni
Outlook 2020, to cover 50 per cent of the cost of hiring an administrator.
Alberni Outlook is currently developing a 20-year economic strategy for the
Alberni Valley.

One request was less local, but received council support based on its potential
economic impact. The Vancouver Island Association of Wood Processors has applied
for $18,000 to cover part of the cost of creating a log supply cooperative for
small processors. The cooperative would be better able to buy in volume on the
log auction market than individual processors.

Also approved are three city initiatives: $50,000 towards the design for the
Ship Creek Road to Redford Street waterfront bypass route, $25,000 towards a
feasibility study for a small log mill at the old Plywood site, plus $86,000 for
improvements at McLean Mill. Those would include upgraded food service and
development of a logging demonstration area.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                               September 1, 2006

Keeping control of the academy

SECTION: LEADING ARTICLE; Opinion; Pg. 12 No. 1758

LENGTH: 681  words


It is hard to say which development will arouse most suspicion and potential
hostility among academics: employer-led higher education (pages 8-9) or the
involvement of economic assessors in the allocation of research grants (page 1).
Both will provide ammunition for those who believe that higher education is
being reduced to the role of a service industry for the economy, rather than
opening students' minds and pushing forward the boundaries of knowledge. If
applied research squeezes out blue-skies inquiry and universities become
glorified training centres, of course the sceptics will be right. But is it
possible that both initiatives are pragmatic moves that may help to preserve the
traditional virtues of higher education at a time of much tighter financial
scrutiny?

The debate has echoes of Charles Clarke's incursion, as Education Secretary,
into the realms of "medieval seekers after truth". He argued that the Government
could be expected to fund courses and research without apparent economic
relevance only if universities played their part in helping society and the
economy adapt to rapid change. Every subject would have its place, as long as
the system could show a return on substantial public funding. Sadly, Mr Clarke
moved on before it could be established where the balance lay between the two.
But the latest initiatives demonstrate that, however characteristically
idiosyncratic the delivery, Mr Clarke was expressing a view held more widely in
Westminster. The Treasury has confirmed as much by playing an unusually
prominent role in the debate on research funding over the past two years. Well
before the Chancellor's surprise inclusion of an announcement on the research
assessment exercise in his Budget speech, it had become obvious that much
greater economic accountability would be demanded of universities in future. One
of the conditions attached to the promise of greatly increased research funding
was regular monitoring of economic impact. The research councils' proposal to
include economic assessors in the allocation process should be seen partly as a
response to the new situation in which the councils find themselves. The
question is how central a role the assessors will play and how to ensure that
their appointment is not the start of a slippery slope in which academic merit
ceases to be the main criterion for research.

Employer-led higher education may be from the same stable but it should be
examined on its merits. Plenty of teaching, research and knowledge transfer is
commissioned by employers already. Nursing is one obvious example, but there are
countless others. Many universities could not survive without such links and do
not feel themselves compromised by them. If they are offered public money to
develop their activities, they are hardly likely to refuse. As the UK gets to
grips with the demographic difficulties already facing other European higher
education systems (page 11) the relationship is bound to become closer still.
Employer-led courses alone will not be a panacea, but new markets will have to
be found somewhere if weaker institutions are not to face inexorable decline and
eventual closure.

Rather than make what Mr Clarke considered utopian responses to his attempts at
raising the larger question of how universities justify their state funding, the
leaders of higher education must think seriously about where they draw the line
between solvency and academic independence. Every university can demonstrate
economic and/or social benefits from the most unlikely areas of research. As
next year's public spending review approaches, they will need to do so ever more
loudly in order to enlist public support when the going gets tough. It would be
futile to ignore the political imperatives that lead to proposals such as the
application of economic criteria to the selection of research projects and the
emphasis on employer involvement in courses. The conditions for both must be
drawn as tightly as possible if universities are not to dilute the qualities for
which they have been valued over the centuries.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Wisconsin: State Grant to Help Fund New Wellness Commons in Milwaukee

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $413,750
grant to the City of Milwaukee to help finance the new Innovations & Wellness
Commons, a redevelopment project spearheaded by the Walnut Way Conservation
Corp.

The grant was announced today at a groundbreaking attended by Lieutenant
Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett, and dozens of community
and business leaders at the future home of the Commons on West North Avenue in
the Lindsay Heights neighborhood.

The Innovations & Wellness Commons is a two-phased redevelopment project created
by Walnut Way and its partners that will serve as a hub for economic
development, healthy food options, wellness services and training programs for
Lindsay Heights and surrounding neighborhoods.

"The Innovations & Wellness Commons will not only be a valuable resource for
area residents by providing them with healthy food options, but it also has the
potential to be a real catalyst for future economic development in the
neighborhood," Lieutenant Governor Kleefisch said. "This project also is another
key component of our administration's Transform Milwaukee Initiative, which has
already produced $275 million in state investments in the heart of Milwaukee."

"This is a collaborative effort building on the imagination of Walnut Way, the
resources of WEDC, involvement from community-minded partners, and the
commitment of city government to move this project forward," Mayor Barrett said.
"This neighborhood has a bright future, and the Innovation & Wellness Commons is
a wonderful addition."

"The Innovations & Wellness Commons demonstrates a significant community
investment and commitment in commercial development," said Sharon Adams,
executive director of the Walnut Way Conservation Corp. "The landscape for what
is possible is now broadened by our shared efforts."

The $2.2 million project is being financed in part by Forward Community
Investments, a statewide community development financial institution that
invests in organizations and initiatives working to promote social, racial and
economic equity in communities across Wisconsin. Other funding was provided by
the Zilber Family Foundation, the Local Initiative Support Corporation, the City
of Milwaukee and others.

The first phase of the Commons will focus on creating a healthy food oasis for
the community that will include a commercial kitchen and small retail store
operated by Outpost Natural Foods; a retail operation featuring vegetarian
dishes operated by The Juice Kitchen; a 4,500-square-foot commercial kitchen
operated by the Milwaukee Center for Independence that will produce meals for
clients and will provide training in food service; and an administrative office
for the nearby Fondy Food Center.

Phase one, which calls for renovating an existing vacant building into a new
6,000-square-foot Commons, is 100 percent filled, and all tenants have committed
to signing five-year leases. Construction is now under way and expected to be
completed by October.

The second phase of the project calls for construction of a new
9,000-square-foot building on an adjacent lot that will house tenants who will
provide complementary health and wellness services.

Officials say the project will not only help revitalize the Lindsay Heights
neighborhood but also will serve as a model for other neighborhoods.

"This is a significant community development project that will revitalize the
commercial corridor, enhance employment and training opportunities, and
strengthen the economic and cultural fabric of our neighborhood," Adams said.
"The Commons will celebrate the neighborhood's rich history and serve as the
catalyst for the rebirth of the local economy."

The state funding is part of WEDC's Community Development Investment Grant
Program, which supports community development and redevelopment
efforts--primarily in downtown areas--throughout the state. Since its inception
in 2013, the program has provided more than $5.8 million in grants to 39
communities.

Milwaukee is one of seven communities awarded a grant out of 32 applications
received from throughout the state in this round of funding. Communities were
selected based on the ability to demonstrate the economic impact of the proposed
project, including public and private partnership development, financial need,
and use of sustainable downtown development practices.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Wisconsin: State Grant to Help Fund New Wellness Commons in Milwaukee

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $413,750
grant to the City of Milwaukee to help finance the new Innovations & Wellness
Commons, a redevelopment project spearheaded by the Walnut Way Conservation
Corp.

The grant was announced today at a groundbreaking attended by Lieutenant
Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett, and dozens of community
and business leaders at the future home of the Commons on West North Avenue in
the Lindsay Heights neighborhood.

The Innovations & Wellness Commons is a two-phased redevelopment project created
by Walnut Way and its partners that will serve as a hub for economic
development, healthy food options, wellness services and training programs for
Lindsay Heights and surrounding neighborhoods.

"The Innovations & Wellness Commons will not only be a valuable resource for
area residents by providing them with healthy food options, but it also has the
potential to be a real catalyst for future economic development in the
neighborhood," Lieutenant Governor Kleefisch said. "This project also is another
key component of our administration's Transform Milwaukee Initiative, which has
already produced $275 million in state investments in the heart of Milwaukee."

"This is a collaborative effort building on the imagination of Walnut Way, the
resources of WEDC, involvement from community-minded partners, and the
commitment of city government to move this project forward," Mayor Barrett said.
"This neighborhood has a bright future, and the Innovation & Wellness Commons is
a wonderful addition."

"The Innovations & Wellness Commons demonstrates a significant community
investment and commitment in commercial development," said Sharon Adams,
executive director of the Walnut Way Conservation Corp. "The landscape for what
is possible is now broadened by our shared efforts."

The $2.2 million project is being financed in part by Forward Community
Investments, a statewide community development financial institution that
invests in organizations and initiatives working to promote social, racial and
economic equity in communities across Wisconsin. Other funding was provided by
the Zilber Family Foundation, the Local Initiative Support Corporation, the City
of Milwaukee and others.

The first phase of the Commons will focus on creating a healthy food oasis for
the community that will include a commercial kitchen and small retail store
operated by Outpost Natural Foods; a retail operation featuring vegetarian
dishes operated by The Juice Kitchen; a 4,500-square-foot commercial kitchen
operated by the Milwaukee Center for Independence that will produce meals for
clients and will provide training in food service; and an administrative office
for the nearby Fondy Food Center.

Phase one, which calls for renovating an existing vacant building into a new
6,000-square-foot Commons, is 100 percent filled, and all tenants have committed
to signing five-year leases. Construction is now under way and expected to be
completed by October.

The second phase of the project calls for construction of a new
9,000-square-foot building on an adjacent lot that will house tenants who will
provide complementary health and wellness services.

Officials say the project will not only help revitalize the Lindsay Heights
neighborhood but also will serve as a model for other neighborhoods.

"This is a significant community development project that will revitalize the
commercial corridor, enhance employment and training opportunities, and
strengthen the economic and cultural fabric of our neighborhood," Adams said.
"The Commons will celebrate the neighborhood's rich history and serve as the
catalyst for the rebirth of the local economy."

The state funding is part of WEDC's Community Development Investment Grant
Program, which supports community development and redevelopment
efforts--primarily in downtown areas--throughout the state. Since its inception
in 2013, the program has provided more than $5.8 million in grants to 39
communities.

Milwaukee is one of seven communities awarded a grant out of 32 applications
received from throughout the state in this round of funding. Communities were
selected based on the ability to demonstrate the economic impact of the proposed
project, including public and private partnership development, financial need,
and use of sustainable downtown development practices.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 9, 2014 Sunday

Washington: The Ford Family Foundation awards $5 million grant to advance the
OHSU Knight Cancer Institute's outreach to rural Oregonians

LENGTH: 709  words

DATELINE: Washington


Oregon Health & Science University, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Ford Family Foundation has made a significant grant -- $5 million -- to the
Knight Cancer Institute at Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU) to expand
delivery of prevention and care expertise to rural Oregonians. The grant will
also contribute to OHSU's goal of raising $500 million in two years as part of
the $1 billion Knight Cancer Challenge campaign.

The Ford Family Foundation grant will provide $2.5 million in support for each
of two initiatives to serve rural communities throughout Oregon. The first is
the creation of a statewide cancer prevention and outreach network that will
provide community health care organizations with access to OHSU Knight Cancer
Institute experts in cancer prevention, education, diagnostics, treatment and
survivorship, as well as offer support in directing patients to appropriate
clinical trials.

Given this network is the first of its kind in Oregon, The Ford Family
Foundation grant will cover start-up costs to develop and implement the program
- including gathering information about communities' unique health care needs -
which will help make the project affordably scalable.

The second initiative will assist patients who must travel to OHSU for care, and
need affordable, temporary accommodations conveniently located near OHSU clinics
and hospitals. The grant will help pay for costs associated with construction of
guest housing for out-of-town patients and their families, including
family-friendly suites. The guest housing facility is part of a planned
expansion of OHSU's South Waterfront campus, and will be built with
philanthropic support.

"We are pleased to support the OHSU Knight Cancer Institute in its efforts to
extend cancer prevention education, better cancer detection and treatment
opportunities to rural Oregonians," said Karla Chambers, chair of The Ford
Family Foundation Board of Directors. "This ambitious project is sure to have
many positive health, social and economic impacts throughout Oregon, and we are
proud to be a part of it."

"At the foundation, we are highly focused on enhancing life in rural
communities. The needs of rural Oregonians can sometimes be overlooked, but the
Knight Cancer Institute is ensuring that those who are diagnosed with cancer
have access to the most effective treatments possible - no matter where they
live," said Anne Kubisch, president of The Ford Family Foundation.

The grant from The Ford Family Foundation comes as the OHSU Knight Cancer
Institute is working to expand many of its statewide efforts. The institute
recently launched the Community Partnership Program, which is designed to aid
communities throughout Oregon with funding and expertise as well as other
resources to help them assess their specific cancer-related needs and start or
expand programs to specifically address those needs.

"The Ford Family Foundation has a valued legacy of improving the vitality of
Oregon's rural communities, and this generous grant is a testament to their
confidence in us to further leverage that already deep investment in our state,"
said Tomasz M. Beer, M.D., F.A.C.P., deputy director of the OHSU Knight Cancer
Institute. "The network will significantly expand rural Oregonians' access to
our experts as well as state-of-the-art personalized treatment, clinical
research and prevention efforts. We will now be better positioned to partner
with many communities on projects that enhance cancer care across the full
continuum, from prevention to survivorship."

The $5 million grant from The Ford Family Foundation is among the significant
contributions local institutions have made to the Knight Cancer Challenge. Nike
Co-founder Phil Knight and his wife, Penny, launched the $1 billion Knight
Cancer Challenge in September 2013 when they announced that they would donate
$500 million to help the OHSU Knight Cancer Institute revolutionize the early
detection of cancer if an equal amount could be raised by February 2016.
Counting this grant from The Ford Family Foundation, more than $440 million has
been contributed to date.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 9, 2014 Sunday

Washington: The Ford Family Foundation awards $5 million grant to advance the
OHSU Knight Cancer Institute's outreach to rural Oregonians

LENGTH: 709  words

DATELINE: Washington


Oregon Health & Science University, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The Ford Family Foundation has made a significant grant -- $5 million -- to the
Knight Cancer Institute at Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU) to expand
delivery of prevention and care expertise to rural Oregonians. The grant will
also contribute to OHSU's goal of raising $500 million in two years as part of
the $1 billion Knight Cancer Challenge campaign.

The Ford Family Foundation grant will provide $2.5 million in support for each
of two initiatives to serve rural communities throughout Oregon. The first is
the creation of a statewide cancer prevention and outreach network that will
provide community health care organizations with access to OHSU Knight Cancer
Institute experts in cancer prevention, education, diagnostics, treatment and
survivorship, as well as offer support in directing patients to appropriate
clinical trials.

Given this network is the first of its kind in Oregon, The Ford Family
Foundation grant will cover start-up costs to develop and implement the program
- including gathering information about communities' unique health care needs -
which will help make the project affordably scalable.

The second initiative will assist patients who must travel to OHSU for care, and
need affordable, temporary accommodations conveniently located near OHSU clinics
and hospitals. The grant will help pay for costs associated with construction of
guest housing for out-of-town patients and their families, including
family-friendly suites. The guest housing facility is part of a planned
expansion of OHSU's South Waterfront campus, and will be built with
philanthropic support.

"We are pleased to support the OHSU Knight Cancer Institute in its efforts to
extend cancer prevention education, better cancer detection and treatment
opportunities to rural Oregonians," said Karla Chambers, chair of The Ford
Family Foundation Board of Directors. "This ambitious project is sure to have
many positive health, social and economic impacts throughout Oregon, and we are
proud to be a part of it."

"At the foundation, we are highly focused on enhancing life in rural
communities. The needs of rural Oregonians can sometimes be overlooked, but the
Knight Cancer Institute is ensuring that those who are diagnosed with cancer
have access to the most effective treatments possible - no matter where they
live," said Anne Kubisch, president of The Ford Family Foundation.

The grant from The Ford Family Foundation comes as the OHSU Knight Cancer
Institute is working to expand many of its statewide efforts. The institute
recently launched the Community Partnership Program, which is designed to aid
communities throughout Oregon with funding and expertise as well as other
resources to help them assess their specific cancer-related needs and start or
expand programs to specifically address those needs.

"The Ford Family Foundation has a valued legacy of improving the vitality of
Oregon's rural communities, and this generous grant is a testament to their
confidence in us to further leverage that already deep investment in our state,"
said Tomasz M. Beer, M.D., F.A.C.P., deputy director of the OHSU Knight Cancer
Institute. "The network will significantly expand rural Oregonians' access to
our experts as well as state-of-the-art personalized treatment, clinical
research and prevention efforts. We will now be better positioned to partner
with many communities on projects that enhance cancer care across the full
continuum, from prevention to survivorship."

The $5 million grant from The Ford Family Foundation is among the significant
contributions local institutions have made to the Knight Cancer Challenge. Nike
Co-founder Phil Knight and his wife, Penny, launched the $1 billion Knight
Cancer Challenge in September 2013 when they announced that they would donate
$500 million to help the OHSU Knight Cancer Institute revolutionize the early
detection of cancer if an equal amount could be raised by February 2016.
Counting this grant from The Ford Family Foundation, more than $440 million has
been contributed to date.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Central Lake Police Department to Buy New
Patrol Vehicle

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Central
Lake Police Department in Antrim County. The funding comes through the USDA's
Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative Grant program, which funds critical
infrastructure within rural communities across the country. The $14,250 grant
will be used to help the community purchase a new patrol vehicle to replace two
old vehicles.

"Police officers have to cover many miles to protect our families, homes and
communities," said Stabenow. "This new police car for Central Lake will help
make sure there is always someone there to quickly respond in an emergency."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Central Lake Police Department to Buy New
Patrol Vehicle

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Central
Lake Police Department in Antrim County. The funding comes through the USDA's
Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative Grant program, which funds critical
infrastructure within rural communities across the country. The $14,250 grant
will be used to help the community purchase a new patrol vehicle to replace two
old vehicles.

"Police officers have to cover many miles to protect our families, homes and
communities," said Stabenow. "This new police car for Central Lake will help
make sure there is always someone there to quickly respond in an emergency."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

United States: Revitalization of McDaniel Homes

LENGTH: 331  words


Project Start Date:January 2012
Project End Date:June 2013
Phase:Planning
Estimated Project Cost:$22,300,000.00
Description:
AHA procured McDaniel Glenn Revitalization, LLC, which is a joint
venture partnership of Columbia Residential, RHA and SUMMECH,
CDC, to revitalize McDaniel Glenn into a dynamic mixed-use,
mixed-income, multi-generational community.  The revitalized
community will replace 588 functionally obsolete and severely
distressed multifamily units with 155 senior rental units, 813 multifamily
mixed income rental units, and 283 affordable and market rate for sale
homes.  Promoting a healthy and sustainable community, the master
plan includes the revitalization of recreational green space at Rosa
Burney Park and the Dunbar Recreational Center in partnership with the
City of Atlanta Parks and Recreation and the Annie E. Casey
Foundation.


The revitalization of McDaniel Glenn was made possible with a $20
million HUD HOPE VI grant, which was leveraged by AHA and its
private sector development partner to secure $67 million in private debt,
tax credit equity and other development funds.  In addition, to support
the revitalization initiative, the City of Atlanta has contributed $11 million

in infrastructure funds to complete all of the street, streetscape,
storm/sewer separation (consistent with the consent decree), water
distribution and erosion control improvements in the public right-of-way.
The McDaniel Glenn HOPE VI revitalization program has served as a
catalyst for community and economic development generating
approximately $64 million in area investment including the revitalization
of Rosa Burney Park, Dunbar Recreational Center, and Dunbar Early
Learning Resource Center.  When completed, the estimated total area
economic impact of this initiative will be over $209 million.
As of May 2010, 155 elderly only rental units, 16 offsite for sale units,
657 multi-family units all have been completed.

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 27, 2013 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

MADE IN PENNSYLVANIA;
SEVEN UNIVERSITY PRESIDENTS EXPLAIN HOW THEY ARE COOPERATING TO REVITALIZE
MANUFACTURING IN THE KEYSTONE STATE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 779 words


As leaders of Pennsylvania research universities, we represent institutions that
are large and small, private and public, urban and rural, Ivy and land-grant.
Yet, despite our many differences, we are united in serving the public. We're
grateful for the support taxpayers have shown our institutions during
challenging economic times, and we're committed to working for our common
future.

To that end, we are pursuing an unprecedented collaboration: seven universities
with a single vision for reinvigorating our manufacturing industry through
science, engineering and innovation. Our goal is to support entrepreneurial
efforts that will make Pennsylvania a manufacturing powerhouse and, in doing so,
create high-wage jobs.

Our nation is outpacing the rest of the world's advanced economies with the
creation of 500,000 new manufacturing jobs in the last three years, and there
have been significant federal and state investments in manufacturing research.
But as new technologies transform industries and jobs, there is the potential to
achieve much more right here in Pennsylvania. Our state has the resources,
workforce, geographic location and educational opportunities to fuel a
manufacturing revolution.

Each year, our seven universities leverage funds raised for programs that
contribute more than $31 billion in economic impact for the commonwealth and
support more than 100,000 jobs. Much of this economic impact is based on
research activities.

Building upon this track record of research productivity, we're working with the
commonwealth to establish a statewide consortium for engineering and
manufacturing research. This new statewide investment will strengthen the
government-university-industry partnerships that advance Pennsylvania-based
innovation and research in engineering. By housing such a program at our
universities, we support the research necessary to grow emerging businesses and
strengthen existing industries across Pennsylvania.

Already, our universities are partnering on several high-profile, national
initiatives that include the National Additive Manufacturing Innovation
Institute in Western Pennsylvania and the University City Science Center in
Philadelphia.

The manufacturing institute is one of up to 15 manufacturing institutes the
Obama administration announced in March 2012 as part of the National Network for
Manufacturing Innovation. These institutes are designed to link federal and
state governments, industry and higher education to invest in new manufacturing
technologies, such as additive manufacturing (sometimes called 3D printing) with
broad applications, creating regional innovation hubs. The Western Pennsylvania
institute's research and product development will occur at corporations and
universities throughout the region.

Founded in 1963, the University City Science Center is the oldest and largest
urban research park in the United States. It provides both the physical space
and the key resources needed to help commercialize new technologies and nurture
new companies throughout Greater Philadelphia. The center's 31 nonprofit
shareholders include many distinguished colleges, universities, hospitals and
research institutions located in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware.

We're also collaborating with hundreds of local and regional economic
development organizations and industry partners. Additional investments in
engineering research will expand innovation in manufacturing, lead to the
creation of new companies and develop the base for new industrial jobs in the
state.

The Deloitte-U.S. Council on Competitiveness 2013 Global Manufacturing
Competitiveness Index identifies talent-driven innovation as the most important
factor in competitiveness. Universities are a hotbed of talent. We can use it to
serve Pennsylvania while better preparing our students -- some 222,000 of them
-- to meet the rising needs for skilled trades, research and development,
entrepreneurship and success in the workplace.

The fact is, we cannot revitalize manufacturing with old thinking, tinkering
around the edges, working in silos and retooling timeworn strategies.
Advancements in science and engineering are the bridge to the future and the
conduit to creating high-wage manufacturing jobs. Research opens the door to the
kind of innovation and collaborative thinking that will best prepare our future
workforce.

We look forward to realizing the potential of our great state, so that "Made in
Pennsylvania" will be a model for our nation's manufacturing renewal. We invite
partners to collaborate with our institutions as we pursue the goal to increase
research for manufacturing in Pennsylvania. Learn more at www.paengn.org.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: This article was submitted on behalf of Rodney A. Erickson, president of
Penn State University; John A. Fry, president of Drexel University; Alice P.
Gast, president of Lehigh University; Amy Gutmann, president of the University
of Pennsylvania; Mark A. Nordenberg, chancellor of the University of Pittsburgh;
Subra Suresh, president of Carnegie Mellon University; and Neil D. Theobald,
president of Temple University.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: No Caption

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Glatfelter receives $8M from state to convert boilers from coal to natural gas

BYLINE: By CANDY WOODALL and GREG GROSS The York Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 339 words


Glatfelter is receiving $8 million in state grants to convert its paper mill
boilers in Spring Grove from coal to natural gas.

The York-based company is receiving the $5 million Economic Growth Initiative
and $3 million Alternative and Clean Energy grants.

Gov. Tom Corbett made the announcement Wednesday and toured Glatfelter's mill in
Spring Grove.

"We're investing for years to come. I'd like to see them about for another 100
years," Corbett said.

He said the grants for the 150-year-old company would help both the state's
economy and the York County economy.

The governor's office estimates the conversion project will yield $290 million
in annual economic impact for the state and more than $250 million for York
County.

Glatfelter is also investing $55 million of its own money into the project,
company President and CEO Dante C. Parrini said in a news release.

"The natural-gas conversion project is important to our company, our people and
our community," he said.

The reasons: The conversion will reduce boiler air emissions significantly and
eliminate more than 5,000 heavy truck trips annually through the Spring Grove
area, according to a press release.

Upon completion, Glatfelter will be one of the largest industrial natural gas
users in the area, the release said.

The conversion will also sustain mill operations, protect jobs and families,
attain greater energy efficiency and reduce the company's carbon footprint,
Parrini said.

Glatfelter, which employs 950 workers in York County, will invest more than $100
million during the next several years to modernize the mill, the release said.

The conversion project will require a natural-gas connector line from a
transmission source to the mill. The connector could create new opportunities
for other industrial, commercial, nonprofit and government users in the area,
according to a news release.

Glatfelter has begun a study of route options for the connector, the release
said.

Reach Candy Woodall at cwoodall@yorkdispatch.com   Reach Greg Gross at
ggross@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Virginia: Governor Announces Virginia Company Finds New International Customers
through State Export Promotion Grant

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe announced today that Filtroil, a Richmond-based
provider of industrial oil filtration products and monitoring equipment, signed
multiple distributor agreements with customers during a recent Virginia
sponsored trade mission to Hannover Messe 2016, the world's largest fair for
industrial technology, in Hannover, Germany. Virginia received a State Trade
Export Program (STEP) grant from the U.S. Small Business Administration to
facilitate the acquisition of international partners and customers for Virginia
companies. Virginia's STEP grant was made possible through the funding of the
Governor's Virginia International Trade Alliance (VITAL) initiative.





 "The goal of VITAL is to help Virginia companies' efforts to grow and diversify
their customer base, and as a result of this initiative, Filtroil had the
opportunity to go to a global marketplace to expand their clientele," said
Governor McAuliffe. "International trade is a key part of my plan to create jobs
and build a new Virginia economy that is less reliant on the federal government,
which will result in strong, sustainable long-term growth for Virginia's private
sector."



 In late April, the Virginia Economic Development Partnership (VEDP) led a trade
mission with six Virginia companies, including Filtroil, to Hannover to market
their products and services. Key technologies - from research and development,
industrial automation, IT, industrial supply, production technologies and
services to energy and mobility technologies - were exhibited at the event.



 "Helping Virginia businesses sell their goods and services abroad is one of our
most effective business expansion strategies, and Filtroil's success
demonstrates the key role that Virginia's international trade programs play in
helping companies expand into global markets," said Virginia Secretary of
Commerce and Trade Maurice Jones. "VITAL was created to accelerate Virginia
companies' engagement with the global economy, resulting in stronger, more
resilient businesses and more jobs for Virginians. We congratulate Filtroil on
this milestone and look forward to seeing more success stories as we continue
these initiatives."



 Filtroil signed new distributor agreements in three new markets: India, Bolivia
and Denmark.  The company left Hannover Messe with fifty potential leads,
exceeding expectations threefold.



 "We had 22 appointments before I even got on the plane to depart for Germany,"
said Filtroil President Jeremy Leahman. "Our booth was busy from the first day -
three qualified distributors signed in the first two days. The time and money
you would have to spend to get all that accomplished would have been over
$50,000."



 The Commonwealth of Virginia exported more than $36 billion in manufactured
goods and services in 2014.  Exports of Virginia's products and services to the
world are vital to the growth of the Commonwealth, with an economic impact of
more than $18.7 billion dollars in labor income, $2 billion dollars in tax
revenue and the creation of nearly 321,000 jobs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Virginia: Governor Announces Virginia Company Finds New International Customers
through State Export Promotion Grant

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe announced today that Filtroil, a Richmond-based
provider of industrial oil filtration products and monitoring equipment, signed
multiple distributor agreements with customers during a recent Virginia
sponsored trade mission to Hannover Messe 2016, the world's largest fair for
industrial technology, in Hannover, Germany. Virginia received a State Trade
Export Program (STEP) grant from the U.S. Small Business Administration to
facilitate the acquisition of international partners and customers for Virginia
companies. Virginia's STEP grant was made possible through the funding of the
Governor's Virginia International Trade Alliance (VITAL) initiative.





 "The goal of VITAL is to help Virginia companies' efforts to grow and diversify
their customer base, and as a result of this initiative, Filtroil had the
opportunity to go to a global marketplace to expand their clientele," said
Governor McAuliffe. "International trade is a key part of my plan to create jobs
and build a new Virginia economy that is less reliant on the federal government,
which will result in strong, sustainable long-term growth for Virginia's private
sector."



 In late April, the Virginia Economic Development Partnership (VEDP) led a trade
mission with six Virginia companies, including Filtroil, to Hannover to market
their products and services. Key technologies - from research and development,
industrial automation, IT, industrial supply, production technologies and
services to energy and mobility technologies - were exhibited at the event.



 "Helping Virginia businesses sell their goods and services abroad is one of our
most effective business expansion strategies, and Filtroil's success
demonstrates the key role that Virginia's international trade programs play in
helping companies expand into global markets," said Virginia Secretary of
Commerce and Trade Maurice Jones. "VITAL was created to accelerate Virginia
companies' engagement with the global economy, resulting in stronger, more
resilient businesses and more jobs for Virginians. We congratulate Filtroil on
this milestone and look forward to seeing more success stories as we continue
these initiatives."



 Filtroil signed new distributor agreements in three new markets: India, Bolivia
and Denmark.  The company left Hannover Messe with fifty potential leads,
exceeding expectations threefold.



 "We had 22 appointments before I even got on the plane to depart for Germany,"
said Filtroil President Jeremy Leahman. "Our booth was busy from the first day -
three qualified distributors signed in the first two days. The time and money
you would have to spend to get all that accomplished would have been over
$50,000."



 The Commonwealth of Virginia exported more than $36 billion in manufactured
goods and services in 2014.  Exports of Virginia's products and services to the
world are vital to the growth of the Commonwealth, with an economic impact of
more than $18.7 billion dollars in labor income, $2 billion dollars in tax
revenue and the creation of nearly 321,000 jobs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

Virginia: Governor Announces Virginia Company Finds New International Customers
through State Export Promotion Grant

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: New York



 Richmond: Office of the Governor Terry McAuliffe, The state of Virginia has
issued the following news release:



 Governor Terry McAuliffe announced today that Filtroil, a Richmond-based
provider of industrial oil filtration products and monitoring equipment, signed
multiple distributor agreements with customers during a recent Virginia
sponsored trade mission to Hannover Messe 2016, the world's largest fair for
industrial technology, in Hannover, Germany. Virginia received a State Trade
Export Program (STEP) grant from the U.S. Small Business Administration to
facilitate the acquisition of international partners and customers for Virginia
companies. Virginia's STEP grant was made possible through the funding of the
Governor's Virginia International Trade Alliance (VITAL) initiative.





 "The goal of VITAL is to help Virginia companies' efforts to grow and diversify
their customer base, and as a result of this initiative, Filtroil had the
opportunity to go to a global marketplace to expand their clientele," said
Governor McAuliffe. "International trade is a key part of my plan to create jobs
and build a new Virginia economy that is less reliant on the federal government,
which will result in strong, sustainable long-term growth for Virginia's private
sector."



 In late April, the Virginia Economic Development Partnership (VEDP) led a trade
mission with six Virginia companies, including Filtroil, to Hannover to market
their products and services. Key technologies - from research and development,
industrial automation, IT, industrial supply, production technologies and
services to energy and mobility technologies - were exhibited at the event.



 "Helping Virginia businesses sell their goods and services abroad is one of our
most effective business expansion strategies, and Filtroil's success
demonstrates the key role that Virginia's international trade programs play in
helping companies expand into global markets," said Virginia Secretary of
Commerce and Trade Maurice Jones. "VITAL was created to accelerate Virginia
companies' engagement with the global economy, resulting in stronger, more
resilient businesses and more jobs for Virginians. We congratulate Filtroil on
this milestone and look forward to seeing more success stories as we continue
these initiatives."



 Filtroil signed new distributor agreements in three new markets: India, Bolivia
and Denmark.  The company left Hannover Messe with fifty potential leads,
exceeding expectations threefold.



 "We had 22 appointments before I even got on the plane to depart for Germany,"
said Filtroil President Jeremy Leahman. "Our booth was busy from the first day -
three qualified distributors signed in the first two days. The time and money
you would have to spend to get all that accomplished would have been over
$50,000."



 The Commonwealth of Virginia exported more than $36 billion in manufactured
goods and services in 2014.  Exports of Virginia's products and services to the
world are vital to the growth of the Commonwealth, with an economic impact of
more than $18.7 billion dollars in labor income, $2 billion dollars in tax
revenue and the creation of nearly 321,000 jobs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              May 26, 2008 Monday

New trust takes over to regenerate Kyle of Sutherland

BYLINE: Sue Restan

SECTION: NEWS; PEOPLE; Clubs/Groups; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 333 words


A NEW trust is to be launched this week to take forward plans for the
regeneration of central Sutherland.

The Kyle of Sutherland Action Trust will take over from the Kyle of Sutherland
Initiative at a meeting to be held at the Invershin Hotel, between Lairg and
Bonar Bridge, tomorrow.

The first part of the meeting, which will start at 7.30pm, will be the
initiative's closing annual meeting at which the directors will resign.

This will be followed by the launch of the new trust and voting for the new
directors.

It is expected that the trust will build on the economic impact study of central
Sutherland prepared for Caithness and Sutherland Enterprise in January 2007.

The report highlighted the continuing need for investing in the community to
ensure the regeneration of the remote area, which covers about 680 square miles,
has a population of about 2,500 and faces population loss, low incomes and high
unemployment.

Initiative chairman David Walker said: "The spirit of the community and the
clear recommendations within the report provide the momentum to build on.

"Creating sustainable business economically and environmentally is vital.

"The last year has seen substantial effort in dialogue with the politicians
ensuring the new trust has support to move the community's ideas forward."

It is hoped that community groups, local businesses and support networks will
come up with new ideas and projects to build on those already identified.

The trust will then work with them to access advice, training and grant funds
and create viable enterprises.

Bonar Bridge Community Council chairman Russell Smith said: "We've identified
the problems and it's now the community's job to implement the solutions.

"The trust is the right organisation to make this happen, through partnership
with the councillors, MSPs and all the support agencies and groups active in the
area."

The meeting is open to anyone living or working in the area and all
organisations working and supporting the community and businesses.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2008 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            October 29, 2006 Sunday

City seeks $2M grant for streetscape

BYLINE: By Tony Dobrowolski, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 371 words


PITTSFIELD -- The city is seeking more funding for its downtown streetscape
improvement project.

The City Council on Tuesday voted unanimously to authorize the city's
application for a $2 million Public Works and Economic Development (PWED) grant
to the state Executive Office of Transportation.

If approved, the funding will be used for the streetscape project's second
phase, the redesign and construction of the roadway and sidewalks on North
Street between Park Square and Columbus Avenue and Eagle Street.

The plans call for that section of North Street to be narrowed and resurfaced.
The sidewalk also will be surfaced, while new planting areas, streetlights,
bench and trash receptacles will be added.

The streetscape improvement project is part of the Comprehensive Downtown
Streetscape and Circulation Improvement initiative whose constructions costs are
expected to exceed $11 million.

More than $1 million already has been spent on the entire initiative, including
$1.85 million in Federal Highway Administration funds that the city received for
the first phase of comprehensive streetscape improvements in an area between
West Housatonic Street, Park Square and Union Street. Other expenditures include
$100,000 for a streetscape master plan and $163,418 for a completed downtown
circulation study led by the Berkshire Regional Planning Commission.

Work on the three-phase project is expected to begin in 2007 and be completed in
2008.

The improvement of roads and walkways through Pittsfield's downtown corridor is
being done to stimulate cultural, entertainment and housing developments in the
city's center, officials have said.

Streetscape improvements also are designed to give the downtown area a more
welcome urban feel, by slowing traffic and improving pedestrian safety, and are
expected to complement the new investment in Pittsfield's downtown corridor
between East Housatonic and Wahconah streets.

Pittsfield's downtown business district directly and indirectly has created 256
jobs this year, resulting in $5.2 million in labor income and an economic impact
of $12.9 million, according to statistics compiled by city officials.

Tony Dobrowolski can be reached at tdobrowolski@berkshireeagle.com or at (413)
496-6224.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday

Easypaisa secures grant to expand services

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 15 -- Easypaisa, a joint initiative of Telenor Pakistan and
Tameer Micro Finance Bank has secured a $6.5 million grant from the Bill and
Melinda Gates Foundation to increase adoption of its mobile financial services
among Pakistan's poorest households and to strengthen its distribution network
in poor and rural communities. Roar Bjaerum, Vice President of Financial
Services at Telenor Pakistan said accessible mobile financial services could
help catalyse Pakistan's socio-economic efforts. Bjaerum spoke about Easypaisa
services and the socio-economic impact and future of mobile financial services
in Pakistan. staff report Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Eliminating red tape: it's a marathon, not a sprint;
COMMENT

BYLINE: Mark Fenton-Jones

SECTION: ENTERPRISE; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 520 words


The federal government's attack on the red-tape burden is the first step in a
long journey.

While the budget rested on its economic management to appeal to small-business
owners through a mix of broad and specific tax-driven initiatives aimed at
improving the profit side of a business's ledger, reductions in costs related to
red tape were more piecemeal and their ultimate effectiveness is more difficult
to gauge.

The initiatives that the government claims will reduce red tape include $29.6
million to complete the Vanguard project through to 2008-09. The project, which
includes representatives from the three tiers of government, should allow small
business to sign and have verified, government forms that are lodged through
www.business.gov.au.

Federal Small Business Minister Fran Bailey says the project is ahead of
anything being done by other Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development countries.

On the minus side, the Council of Small Business Organisations of Australia
(COSBOA) was disappointed at the lack of business skills programs and compliance
education for small-business owners and managers. While acknowledging that big
efficiencies can be gained through using the internet and information
technology, the council warns that a small business is often the last to pick up
on these new technologies.

"We congratulate the government on www.business.gov.au but remind it that the
site is still quite complex for the majority of small business owners," COSBOA
chief executive Tony Steven says.

A further $1.1 million will be spent on enhancing the business cost calculator
over the next two years to "better assess the compliance costs on business".
When it was launched earlier this year, Prime Minister John Howard expected that
ministers who brought forward new policy would use the tool to calculate their
economic impact.

Bailey says it is too soon to say if ministers are doing so.

The Grant Thornton International Business Owners Survey, out today, ranks
Australia 14th out of 30 countries - behind Sweden but ahead of India - when it
comes to concerns about regulation and the constraints that red tape put on
business expansion. More than 37 per cent of Australian businesses ranked it as
a problem.

In a MYOB small business survey last September, 31 per cent of respondents said
lodging business activity statements was the worst red-tape area, followed by
allocating GST to daily transactions (19 per cent). The budget gave no relief in
these areas.

COSBOA says the initiatives are small when compared with the red-tape problem as
a whole. "The government will need to address the complexity of dealing with
government agencies at all levels over the coming years plus the indirect
effects of red tape felt through suppliers and customers."

The president of the Taxation Institute of Australia, Andrew Mill, says that the
budget is only a first step to cutting compliance costs.

"These changes need to be coupled with a reconsideration of the way that tax
laws are drafted and examined by parliament," he says.

"We need tax law to be accessible, easier to understand and easier to comply
with."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 9, 2010 Wednesday

A lean, green standard: Oklahoma conference to focus on sustainable practices

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 627  words


Businesses should view sustainable programs as avenues to save money, says Susan
Urbach.

"They should look at being green and how it can save them money," said the
director of the University of Central Oklahoma's Small Business Development
Center in Oklahoma City.

Urbach will be among the speakers at the ninth annual Oklahoma Sustainability
Conference scheduled Friday and Saturday at the University of Central Oklahoma
in Edmond. Her presentation, "Tools for Small Business: Greening Your Business
Plan," is scheduled from 11:40 a.m. to 12:25 p.m. Friday.

"Being green should save you money," she said. "Some things might cost you more
money, other things might be neutral, but overall being green should save you
money. "

Businesses have to develop a mind-set to develop sustainable practices and be
good stewards of resources, Urbach said.

Sustainable practices can be included in marketing a business.

"Sustainability can enhance your company's image," she said.

The conference will also have a session on a program developed by the Oklahoma
Tourism and Recreation Department and the Oklahoma Department of Environmental
Quality to help Oklahoma businesses with sustainable practices. Sustainable
travel certification is offered through ECO, or Encouraging Conservation in
Oklahoma.

The session, "Tourism ECO Certification/Economic Impact on Oklahoma," is
scheduled from 9:55 a.m. to 10:40 a.m. Friday.

"I will focus on the importance of partnerships with communities, other
industries and services providers," said Jessica Blackstock, sustainable
initiative coordinator for the Oklahoma Tourism and Recreation Department.

She also plans to discuss the economic impact of tourism and the ECO program. So
far two facilities - the Cranebrake Resort in Wagoner and the National Center
for Employee Development in Norman - have gained ECO sustainable tourism
certifications.

"Throughout the past few years living more environmentally friendly has become
easier," said Eric Pollard, Oklahoma Sustainability Network conference
coordinator. "More companies are offering energy-efficient products; the
government is offering incentives such as Cash for Clunkers and appliances and
the personal decision to save money and energy through these measures have
far-reaching positive impacts on communities and the environment. "

Conference sessions on Friday are divided into two tracks. The Sustainable
Business Track includes five sessions, including the presentations by Urbach and
Blackstock. A Green Building Track will have six sessions.

The Green Building Track will include a session on the Oklahoma Sustainability
Network's Green Building Codes Project. The OSN received a $493,000 stimulus
grant for the project.

The session on green building codes will be led by Jim Roth, a former
commissioner with the Oklahoma Corporation Commission and an attorney with
Phillips Murrah, where his practice focuses on environmental issues. A task
force including Roth, Kelly Coffman, Sarah Spencer-Workman and Craig Immel will
discuss grant projects including developing greener building codes at the
municipal level and educating and training the work force.

Sessions on Saturday will focus on personal and organizational action.

A Homeowner's Workshop will provide individuals economical and environmentally
friendly advice and tips to improve their homes. Local businesses will address
topics including organic and native landscaping, weatherization and geothermal
systems.

Admission is $60 for both days or $20 for Saturday. For information, visit
www.OkSustainability.org.

"Everyone has the power to do something and the conference is a way for people
to get the knowledge and skills to build more sustainable homes, businesses and
communities, starting with your family," Pollard said.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              June 6, 2016 Monday

MICCO: Monetary Spaces and hierarchies in Europe. Impact of Complementary
Currencies

LENGTH: 426  words


Project reference:  704759
Duration: From 2016-09-01 to  2018-08-31, Grant Agreement signed
Total cost: EUR 177 598,8
EU contribution: EUR 177 598,8
Objective: This research seeks to measure and analyse the social and economic
impact of selected Community Currencies in Europe with the use of a
self-assessment Total Quality Management model called Common Assessment
Framework.

Complementary Currencies (CC) are a type of money designed to circulate
alongside the Central Banks money to address objectives that the conventional
money system does not. CC are tied to a specific demarcated community (i.e.
locality, mutual-credit networks, sectoral vouchers). The Common Assessment
Framework (CAF) engages the organisation and its beneficiaries and performs a
study of its structure and operation at a particular point in time and place.The
study will further organizational theory for sustainability and community
building, contributing to the Europe 2020 strategy. It builds upon previous
efforts funded by the European Union, namely Digipay4growth  and CCIA, by
studying the social and economic impact of these projects in order to further
theorise CC from a systems and complexity theory perspective. The research will
link micro-impact indicators at an organizational level, such as employment
generation and access to financial services, with macro indicators at the
national level, such as the enhanced GDP that includes well-being and life
satisfaction, according to the Beyond GDP initiative of the European Commission.
The research on CCs as an anti-crisis mechanism is topical at a time when the
European Union member states and especially Greece are striving to cope with the
financial crisis and its impact on national economies and societies. Several
countries have experienced GDP declines and rising unemployment rates, while in
Greece the indicators are even worse than during the Great Depression. In that
line, the priorities of Europe 2020 include community currencies because of
their effectiveness towards social innovation, new modes of sustainable economy,
employment and enterprise creation, and local regeneration.
Project completion date : 2018-08-31 12:00:00
Major organization : ERASMUS UNIVERSITEIT ROTTERDAM

Address : BURGEMEESTER OUDLAAN 50


3062 PA ROTTERDAM
Netherlands

Country :Netherlands
Url : www.eur.nl/english/

Financier : EUROPEAN UNION (EU),

Financier address : European Union (EU)
Rue de la Loi 200/Wetstraat 200,
B-1049 Bruxelles/Brussels,

Belgium


Tel: 32-2-2999696, 2993085


Fax: 32-2-2961749
Url: ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             April 21, 2006 Friday

NFL may grant Southland two teams

BYLINE: By Beth Barrett, Rick Orlov and Gary Scott Staff Writers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 651 words


The National Football League has quietly floated the idea of bringing two
professional football teams to a rebuilt Coliseum.

The proposal baffled proponents of a ballot measure to bring a pro team to the
Rose Bowl and left one sports marketing expert nearly speechless.

"I don't even know how to begin to skin that," said David Carter, professor of
sports business at USC. "They would go from having uncertain demands in this
market for one team to the possibility of over expansion and having too much
supply."

A source told this newspaper group that NFL officials asked members of the
Coliseum Commission to consider expanding from 25 to 35 the number of major
events that can be allowed at the stadium each year. The change would be needed
to accommodate a second home-team schedule.

Soaring construction costs appear to be at the heart of the proposal.

"When you spend a lot of money on a stadium, you want the right to bring a
second team in if that makes sense," the source said. "It would have a huge
economic impact. It would be a better economic deal."

Opponents of the Pasadena ballot initiative say the proposal is another sign the
league is serious about locating in downtown Los Angeles.

"It just shows how silly it is for Pasadenans to be wasting their time on this,"
said Richard McDonald, a Pasadena attorney working to scuttle the initiative.

Pasadena Councilman Chris Holden, who is leading the effort to revive the Rose
Bowl bid, said he was unaware of the proposal. Like Carter, he questioned
whether there is an appetite in Los Angeles for two home teams.

Holden called the proposal "hypothetical" and said he did not "want to
speculate" on what it might mean for his own efforts.

The proposal is expected to run into resistance from downtown museum operators,
since a second team would double the days when traffic congestion and limited
parking are a problem in Exposition Park.

"It's just in the talking stage," said one source, adding that the concept was
voiced by NFL representatives as part of the lease negotiations over the past
couple weeks.

After the first team is established, the source said, a second team could be
considered over the next five to 10 years. The NFL owners also have been
concerned that they would not have a balanced schedule if they add only one
team. A second Los Angeles team solves that dilemma.

NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy said the league also is looking at the possibility
of a second team in Anaheim if that city is selected by the owners for a
Southern California franchise.

Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa acknowledged that he has heard about the
idea but said it has not been formally brought to him for consideration.

"We have to focus on getting one team, and on our terms," Villaraigosa said. "I
want a football team. I think the people of the city want a football team. But,
we have made clear we are not prepared to give away the store to get one."

City Councilman Bernard Parks, who has been leading the local effort to bring
football back to the Coliseum, said he did not believe it was an issue that will
detract from the ongoing negotiations to win the right for one team.

"So far, the idea of \ second team is just something that's been bouncing around
back and forth for the past six months," Parks said. "I don't know how serious
it is. I am looking to get one team."

Parks and a team from the Coliseum Commission are scheduled to make a
presentation May 2 to NFL owners on why Los Angeles should be selected over
Anaheim or Pasadena for professional football. The owners are scheduled to make
a decision on May 21 when they meet in Denver.

NFL executives also asked Holden and his team to make a presentation May 2. He
will be joined by sports broker John Moag, who led the city's bid for a team
before the Pasadena City Council abandoned talks last June.

Beth Barrett and Rick Orlov reported from Los Angeles. Gary Scott reported from
Pasadena.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Texas: Compelling Courthouses

LENGTH: 1121  words

DATELINE: Austin


Office of the Historical Commission, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:

Region
Texas courthouses are among the state's most widely recognized, used, and valued
assets. Their lofty gothic spires, classical copper domes, and stately
silhouettes dominate the skylines of many counties, luring travelers to leave
the highway and explore historic downtown districts.

The Texas Historical Commission's (THC) Texas Historic Courthouse Preservation
Program (THCPP) is protecting these iconic structures in communities throughout
the state. In the process, Texas is providing a cost-effective example to the
nation on how to refocus community pride, utilize existing assets, and maximize
the return on historic civic buildings in county seats.

The THCPP provides the incentive for counties to invest matching funds to ensure
their courthouses will always be inspiring places to work, conduct government
business, visit, or simply enjoy. Program participants experience numerous
benefits, including building functionality and creating a tourist attraction and
tangible link to the past.

Since the inception of the program in 1999, $251 million has been awarded to 91
counties for the preservation of their courthouses. Including the FY 2013
appropriation of approximately $4 million, construction activity related to the
program has or will have generated 10,381 jobs, more than $21 million in local
taxes, and more than $22 million in state taxes.

To date, 63 county courthouses have been fully funded with the assistance of
this program. Eighteen counties have received emergency and planning grants and
are awaiting major construction funds to complete their projects.

Courthouse restoration projects have had lasting economic impacts in rural
Texas, including Marshall's Harrison County Courthouse.
The economic impact has been especially significant in Texas' rural communities,
where courthouses often anchor a historic downtown district, and the associated
heritage travelers, who spend almost $400 more per trip than average travelers,
bring money to the community.

For many cities, simultaneous participation in the THC's various preservation
initiatives--such as the Texas Main Street Program and Texas Heritage Trails
Program--provides a successful outcome when combined with the restoration of its
county courthouse.

Other organizations such as the Texas Downtown Association (TDA) also offer
considerable assistance. TDA Director Catherine Sak believes a county's
investment in its courthouse demonstrates that the courthouse square plays an
important role in the community while instilling confidence in developers who
invest in properties following a courthouse restoration.

"A restored county courthouse and square creates an opportunity for the
establishment of new businesses and events in the downtown," Sak says, noting
that TDA's recent award recipients were Amarillo and Granbury, following the
full restorations of both county courthouses through the THCPP.

Unfortunately, Texas' historic courthouses are threatened, and the stories they
tell may soon be forgotten unless counties intervene--in some cases immediately.
This is often a monumental task for a county to assume on its own.

Structural deficiencies at the Hunt County Courthouse in Greenville
Water intrusion is one of the most common and pervasive threats to county
courthouses. As time passes, even the solid construction of buildings meant to
last centuries eventually falters without dedicated, consistent maintenance.
Foundations leak, soils settle, and masonry deteriorates, as do roofs, windows,
and doors.

In Round VIII of THCPP grants (2013) Dimmit, Upshur, and Van Zandt counties
applied for funding to address water problems that threatened their daily
business and vital records. While emergency grants were available to Dimmit and
Upshur, Van Zandt County suffered due to limited THCPP funding, instead having
to use its own limited resources to pay for waterproofing its courthouse's
foundation.

In addition, many factors contribute to the threat of fire at historic Texas
courthouses. Significant threats include outdated electrical systems, lack of
lightning protection, and inadequate fire suppression and smoke detection
systems.

"When old records are lost or destroyed, so is our history," says Mark Wolfe,
executive director of the THC. "County records are an important repository of
the daily workings of our counties and the state. These records hold not only
vital information, but are some of the earliest known histories of Texas."

Perhaps the worst threats to historic Texas courthouses come from disinterest
and misinformation--the false belief that it is easier and cheaper to "build
new" and sacrifice a century or more of history and community to a construction
landfill. According to Wolfe, it is neither cheaper nor sustainable to raze a
historic courthouse and build a new facility with at best a 50-year life, when a
historic courthouse can be restored and updated for the 21st century at a
fraction of the cost and offer another century of service to the community.

"A city's involvement in urban revitalization through preservation of its
historic town center--particularly when partnered with a county's restoration of
its historic county courthouse--provides the vital link for a prosperous
downtown," Gilbert E. "Pete" Peterson, III, THC chair says. "All across Texas,
we've seen it happen in counties that have joined the program to restore their
beloved courthouses. They have made truly remarkable transformations."

The most recent funding for Round VIII of the THCPP was included in the
appropriations bill of the 83rd Legislature in 2013, approving the sale of $4.2
million in bonds, the smallest amount appropriated for the program since its
inception. Subsequently, a total of 24 applications were received requesting
more than $7 million in state assistance. The THC submitted an exceptional item
request to the 84th regular session of the Texas Legislature for $40 million in
funding for the program.

The THCPP can be the catalyst that encourages additional public and private
investment in historic downtowns. Vacant buildings often exist in the central
commercial district when a courthouse project begins, but vacancies dwindle by
the project's completion.

"The preservation of Texas' historic courthouses is an investment that offers
immediate returns, yet continues to pay generous dividends to the citizens of
tomorrow," says Sharon Fleming, director of the THCPP. "There are few places
that can strengthen and transform an entire community, but a restored cherished
courthouse truly will."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                  May 28, 1997

Grant puts Napier into fast lane on traffic research

BYLINE: By Carlos Alba, Education Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 278 words


A SERIES of projects designed to avoid gridlock in Edinburgh are set to be
exported to other UK cities following the award of a £700,000 research grant for
Napier University, to study the impact of a number of council-led initiatives to
reduce pollution in the capital.

Napier's was one of 18 projects given a total of £7.5m in the first annual
Research Development Grant programme by the Scottish Higher Education Funding
Council.

The awards are a response to the Government's Foresight Programme, which aims to
forge links between industry and science.

Other schemes which benefited included a study of genetic engineering in cereal
crops by the Scottish Whisky Research Institute, and a study of Alzheimer's
sufferers at Edinburgh University.

Napier University's Transport Research Institute, established last year, will
use the grant to fund two new professorial appointments, to create a central
information hub, and to increase collaboration with the City of Edinburgh
Council.

Director Howard Kirby said it would be the only research centre to look at the
social and economic impact of traffic management policy.

The council has already banned vehicles from the north side of Princes Street
and introduced "green lanes" for buses and taxis only. It is also recommending
that a section of the Royal Mile, between George IV Bridge and Cockburn Street,
should become pedestrianised.

Other schemes in the pipeline include the creation of Britain's first car co
-operative and a car free community.

Mr Kirby said: "We will be looking at developing research that is of interest to
Edinburgh City Council and other end users."

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1997 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

Boosting graduation rates focus of effort in Anaconda

BYLINE: George Plaven, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 547 words


Sept. 26--ANACONDA -- Anaconda schools are banding with community leaders in an
effort to promote high school graduation among all students in the district.

The initiative comes in conjunction with Graduation Matters, a statewide program
launched earlier this year by Superintendent of Public Instruction Denise Juneau
challenging public schools to boost graduation rates and better prepare students
for work or college.

Locally, the district received a $10,000 grant from the Montana Office of Public
Instruction to implement the program this school year. Curriculum coordinator
Angela McLean said the money will go toward classroom resources and training for
teachers to advise students down different career paths.

Anaconda School District 10 has 1,109 students enrolled and a graduation rate of
79 percent in 2011, according to McLean -- below the state graduation rate of
82.1 percent.

Trustees already approved a new four-track graduation program last year that
tailors coursework into college preparation, advanced college preparation,
vocational studies and basic graduation sequences. The overarching goal is for
students to leave with their diploma in hand, McLean said.

"The single most important tool we can give our students is a high school
diploma," she said. "In the ever-competitive world, it will give them the edge
they need to be successful in life."

Meanwhile, the Anaconda Rotary Club has agreed to serve as a liaison to promote
the program and help students develop relationships with potential employers in
the community.

A resolution is already before the county commission to support Graduation
Matters, which commissioners are expected to take action at their meeting Oct.
2.

All students, kindergarten through 12th grade, are also expected to attend a
rally Oct. 10 at the Kennedy Common where they will take the Graduation Matters
pledge to graduate.

Ron Russell, rotary member and longtime high school math tutor, said he hopes
the pledge will give students a simple mission statement and purpose for coming
to school.

"The economic impact of getting our kids to graduate is huge," Russell said.
"High school graduates earn more money for the community, pay more taxes and are
better citizens. Our objective is to make this such a culture that all kids stay
in school."

OPI was awarded $450,000 over three years from the Dennis and Phyllis Washington
Foundation to fund Graduation Matters. It has so far given $150,000 in total
grants to support individual communities, including Anaconda.

The program has been an easy sell around town, Russell said. As it matures, he
predicts businesses could take on an expanded role in mentoring and shadowing
students based on their interests.

The community has so far been supportive, McLean said, and she hopes the
momentum will continue to grow.

"Everything we do is designed to impact student learning," McLean said. "This is
the one initiative that we are all working collectively on to ensure all our
other initiatives have the most significant impact."

George Plaven may be reached at 496-5597, or via email at george.plaven
@lee.net. Follow him at Twitter.com/@George_Plaven

___ (c)2012 The Montana Standard (Butte, Mont.) Visit The Montana Standard
(Butte, Mont.) at www.mtstandard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120926-BU-Boosting-graduation-rates-focus-of-effort-in-Anaconda-0926-20120926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2012 The Montana Standard


                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

Republicans want feds to review Shumlin's health care reform spending

BYLINE: By Morgan True, VTDigger

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 682 words


MONTPELIER &GT;&GT; Vermont Republican leaders are drafting a letter asking
federal investigators to examine Gov. Peter Shumlin's use of federal money for
health care reforms.

The House and Senate minority leaders want the Inspector General of the federal
Health and Human Services Department (HHS) to review how federal money was spent
on the Vermont Health Connect exchange and the development of the governor's
single payer program, as well as other reform initiatives.

House Minority Leader Rep. Don Turner, R-Milton, said Tuesday that he is not
alleging any wrongdoing but wants to know how millions in federal dollars were
spent. He said he is frequently asked by constituents where those millions went,
and he wants to have an answer for them.

"All I'm trying to do is ensure this money was used as it was supposed to be,"
Turner said. "I think it's incumbent on us to hold this administration
accountable."

Turner said he has run out of options for obtaining that information from
sources in Vermont, claiming that the administration is stonewalling the
legislative Joint Fiscal Office (JFO). Turner has asked the JFO to provide an
accounting of the federal money spent on health care reform initiatives.

"We understand that there is some movement by the auditor's office to look into
this stuff, but he's shown little interest in the past of a full review of these
funds," Turner said.

State Auditor Doug Hoffer's office announced this year that it would conduct a
performance audit of Vermont Health Connect. Hoffer is coordinating his audit
with the HHS Inspector General.

Vermont has spent more than $100 million of predominantly federal money on the
state health insurance exchange. The state also received a $45 million State
Innovation Model (SIM) grant to work on ways to change how doctors and hospitals
deliver medical services and how they are paid for those services.

The Shumlin administration spent roughly $1.6 million in developing the
now-deferred single payer proposal. Turner acknowledged that he's unsure if any
federal money was spent on that proposal.

Lawrence Miller, Shumlin's chief of Health Care Reform, said only state money
has been spent on those efforts to this point, but the administration is
exploring whether it can draw down federal money to cover those costs as part of
the upcoming budget adjustment process.

HHS conducts regular audits of its grants to states, Miller said, and the Agency
of Human Services also files grant reports to the feds, which Turner could
obtain. He said he's not aware of instances in which the administration refused
to provide JFO information it requested.

"We've got a long history of being cooperative with JFO," he said.

Senate Majority Leader Sen. Joe Benning, R-Caledonia, meanwhile, is focused on
the contract of economist Jonathan Gruber, who Shumlin hired to model the
economic impacts of a single payer program.

"My game plan is, all this is to see that any money, be it state or federal,
that has been spent in a situation where we don't know who the programmers or
research assistants are, how many they are, if they are, and what work they did
to get a check, if they received a check," Benning said.

Gruber's contract was revised down to a maximum value of $280,000. Benning
defended his focus on Gruber, saying the state can't afford to waste any money
given its poor revenue outlook and an anticipated $100 million budget deficit in
the coming year.

Payments and invoices on that contract lack much of the detail typically
included in such documents. Benning said Hoffer should launch a full performance
audit of the contract.

Part of the reason for reaching out to the HHS Inspector General is that Hoffer
has not agreed to a performance audit of Gruber's contract, Benning said.

Hoffer requested additional information from the Agency of Administration
relating to those payments and invoices. Hoffer said Tuesday that Administration
Secretary Jeb Spaulding told him the state has requested more information from
Gruber, and will provide that when it is received.

The Republican letter has not been finalized, Turner said.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: House Minority Leader Don Turner (at podium) and Senate Minority Leader
Joe Benning (left). (VTDigger file photo)
MIT economics professor Jonathan Gruber is a consultant on Vermont s examination
of a publicly financed health care system. (Courtesy photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 1, 2010 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Norman foundation awards grants to nonprofits

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 620 words

DATELINE: NORMAN


NORMAN - The Sarkeys Foundation recently awarded grants totaling $747,000 to 30
nonprofits in Oklahoma.

Eighty charitable organizations with tax-exempt status submitted proposals.

"This year was a highly competitive process as we had a record number of
requests and a lower amount to distribute because of the economic impact on our
investments," said Kim Henry, foundation executive director. "We are proud of
these nonprofits that continue to do important work across our state and are
pleased we're able to provide critical financial support during these
challenging times."

The grants include Boys and Girls Club, Chelsea, $15,000 for support of the
summer program; BritVil Community Food Pantry, Oklahoma City, $9,950 to provide
milk for each family served; Celebrations Preschool, Oklahoma City, $15,000 to
buy new computers and software; Communities Foundation of Oklahoma, $10,000 to
support the Oklahoma Salute to the Vietnam Veteran; Domestic Violence
Intervention Services, Tulsa, $40,000 for its comprehensive therapeutic
children's program; and Gabriel's House, Duncan, $10,010 for computers for the
after-school program.

Also, Health Alliance for the Uninsured, Oklahoma City, $25,000 to buy medicine
for the Central Pharmacy; Health for Friends, Norman, $50,000 to expand health
care services; Hope Center, Edmond, $5,000 to buy computers; Infant Crisis
Services, Oklahoma City, $30,000 for food, formula, and diapers; Iron Gate,
Tulsa, $41,500 for the Healthy Food Initiative program; Legal Aid Services of
Oklahoma, $25,000 to provide legal staffing for a courthouse help desk for
victims of domestic violence; and Life Change Ballroom, Oklahoma City, $9,250
for scholarships for the summer program.

Also, New Hope Camp, Tulsa, $16,000 for the residential summer camp for children
whose parents are or have been incarcerated; Northwest Family Services, Alva,
$44,608 for the outreach and early intervention program in Waynoka and Freedom;
Oklahoma Center for Nonprofits, $25,000 for education and training programs;
Parents Assistance Center, Oklahoma City, $10,000 for its children's counseling
program; Possibilities, Oklahoma City, $15,000 to support the Possibilities
Innovation Program; Sayre Public School Foundation, $5,000 to buy books for
classroom libraries; and Senior Law Resource Center, Oklahoma City, $20,000 to
support a program to prevent and address financial exploitation of the elderly
and other vulnerable adults.

Also, Shawnee Rescue Mission, $175,000 to fund a resource facility; The Junior
League of Norman, $25,000 for new playground equipment for the Baby Steps
program; The Prairie House Foundation, Duncan, $4,831 to buy a computer and
software; Town and Country School, Tulsa, $4,385 to buy computers for five
classrooms; Travelers Aid Society of Oklahoma City, $13,200 for a phone system
and multifunction copier; and William W. Barnes Children's Advocacy Center,
Claremore, $28,235 to buy an iRecord video and audio system.

Also, YMCA of Greater Oklahoma City, $15,000 for the military welcome center at
Will Rogers airport; Young Women's Christian Association of Tulsa, $20,000 to
help bridge the budget gap in day care costs for 67 children; Youth at Heart,
Tulsa, $15,000 for the summer Teen Initiative Program; and Youth Services of
Tulsa, $26,000 for the Transitional Living Program for homeless youths.

Since its founding in 1962, the Sarkeys Foundation, headquartered in Norman, has
awarded more than $70 million in grants for education, social services, arts and
culture, health care and medical research and environmental projects.

For more information about the Sarkeys Foundation and the process to apply for
grants, call 364-3703 or go online to www.sarkeys.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

Dessie Farrell: Here's why players deserve a rise in funding

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 840 words


The principle behind Government funding for inter-county players hasn t changed
since it was first agreed in 2007. The State provides financial support for
amateur athletes in a variety of codes and tax exemptions for retired Irish
professional sports people. What the players successfully lobbied for was, quite
simply, parity of esteem for hurlers and footballers, a status commensurate with
those recognised in other circles.

The State, in certain circumstances, provides tax exemptions for artists,
composers, writers... even for historical publications; in essence for people
who enhance our lives and contribute to our society in an extraordinary way.

To bolster the players  original principled argument, an independent economic
impact study was published by Indecon in 2010 showing that the total annual
spending generated by inter-county GAA fixtures was then  484.5m, translating
into real value to the Irish economy of  193.3m.

Putting it even more starkly, every inter-county player generates on average
100,000 of real value annually for the Irish economy.

In return, last year s championship panellists received a grant ranging between
295 and  667 per player.

It is correct to assert that many inter-county players are  outstanding
individuals  who contribute hugely to their communities and their societies, but
to oppose grant support for them is to differentiate those players from the
beneficiaries of State funding detailed above.

The Freedom of Information report detailed an outline plan to develop a social
contract between Government and players to support important public initiatives.
This work is not being suggested in lieu of funding, it is being done so
because, quite frankly, it is the right thing to do.

County players are inundated with requests from public bodies and charities to
support social initiatives, all of which value the profile and appeal of the
local hero and county squad. Just ask Special Olympics Ireland, Childhood Cancer
Foundation, Headstrong, Pieta House, Aware, Unicef, Jigsaw, YesEquality, Red
Cross, deterMND, Jump Autism Support and Movember to name just a few.

Supporting public initiatives will help formalise the relationship between
players and Government, it is mutually beneficial. And why on earth is it a
negative to suggest that the State should harness GAA visits abroad to promote
the country and the unique cultural value of our indigenous games?

Players had no issue whatsoever with the FOI revelations though figures were
naturally redacted as negotiations are still ongoing and about to recommence
with the new administration.

Also, detailed proposals have been drafted but are not included in that
correspondence.

Players make absolutely no secret that they will lobby intensely for a new
agreement with increased funding and it is players who will be sitting at the
negotiating table.

When the recession struck, the funding scheme for GAA players was
disproportionately affected, and that situation is now being addressed. Cuts
were accepted but the principle of the scheme was protected throughout despite
the 75% reduction in its value.

At the moment, we are acutely aware that many players are struggling with the
demands of the inter-county game today, physically, emotionally and financially.

The original scheme to provide State funding acknowledged that, as GAA players
were amateurs performing at elite levels, their commitment was likely to incur a
financial cost.

That position remains unchanged. And it s important to note, all Government
funding goes directly to county players.

There are many people earning a living on the back of inter-county football and
hurling, some are vocal in opposing player grants. They are, of course, entitled
to their opinion, but players  attitudes have changed, they have an acute
understanding of how they are harnessed commercially.

Despite opposition to the grants scheme, players have always been supported by a
less vocal majority which helped carry the original argument in 2007. And, as
one player remarked this week, where on earth do the opponents of the scheme
think the grant money will be spent but in the very communities where the
players reside?

The GPA does not stand in judgment of county players; they are respected and
supported unconditionally by the players  body which will carry their torch to
Leinster House once again.

And the Association stands, steadfastly, over the principle that county players
contribute enormously to the social and cultural fabric of this country.

This summer, the lives of countless Irish people will be consumed by the
fortunes of their county teams, by the epic drama unfolding on county grounds,
by the heroism and athletic prowess of their county players. They help fill
stadiums, trains, restaurants, garages, bars and hotels, they fill newspaper
pages, history books, radio programmes and television screens. they fill, and
break, our hearts.

One thing is for sure, there isn t an inter-county player today who believes
plans to re-establish Government grants is doing them a disservice.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Coalition launches push to drive students to higher ed, boost college savings

BYLINE: Nick McCrea BDN Staff

LENGTH: 416 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Some Maine business and education leaders have joined forces in
hopes of boosting the number of Mainers going to college and avoid hefty debt
that might keep them from finishing.


"Today, we want to draw statewide attention to the economic impact an
undereducated workforce and growing student debt are having on our state and
stress the importance of starting to save for college or any form of
postsecondary education early," said Ben Gilman, senior government relations
specialist at the chamber of commerce.


About 64 percent of Maine's college graduates leave school with debt. That debt
averages out to $31,000 per student, the seventh-highest rate of debt in the
nation, according to the Institute of College Access and Success.


During a Friday event in Portland, FAME, the Maine State Chamber of Commerce,
and local education and political leaders announced an initiative aimed at
ensuring every Maine family is saving for their children's higher education by
2030. They're calling it Invest in ME 2030.


High levels of debt can serve as a significant barrier to obtaining a degree
and, ultimately, entering the workforce. One way of overcoming that is to ensure
families start saving for college early on.


"If you look at college statistics, children with savings are six times more
likely to go to college," Wagner said. That's true even if the savings is small.


To hit the 2030 goal, the coalition announced several initiatives:


-- A new scholarship sweepstakes program that will offer $1,000 awards to 16
Mainers, one for each county. Those interested in receiving the scholarship will
enter the sweepstakes, and the winner will be randomly selected. For more
information, visit NetGenForMe.com.


-- The launch of TheLoanForMe.com, which is meant to be the "ultimate student
loan resource for Maine," to help guide families and students to borrow wisely,
find scholarships and keep their debt down.


-- Bolstering and promoting the NextGen savings account, a Section 529 college
savings program administered by FAME. That savings account can start out at
birth with a $500 education grant from the Harold Alfond Foundation.


-- In addition, for families with an eligible NextGen account that contribute
$600 annually, FAME will match up to $300 in each calendar year. Wagner said few
Maine families are taking advantage of these savings opportunities, so FAME
hopes to do a better job of promoting these programs and making them accessible.


Follow Nick McCrea on Twitter at @nmccrea213.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Coalition launches push to drive students to higher ed, boost college savings

BYLINE: Nick McCrea BDN Staff

LENGTH: 416 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Some Maine business and education leaders have joined forces in
hopes of boosting the number of Mainers going to college and avoid hefty debt
that might keep them from finishing.


"Today, we want to draw statewide attention to the economic impact an
undereducated workforce and growing student debt are having on our state and
stress the importance of starting to save for college or any form of
postsecondary education early," said Ben Gilman, senior government relations
specialist at the chamber of commerce.


About 64 percent of Maine's college graduates leave school with debt. That debt
averages out to $31,000 per student, the seventh-highest rate of debt in the
nation, according to the Institute of College Access and Success.


During a Friday event in Portland, FAME, the Maine State Chamber of Commerce,
and local education and political leaders announced an initiative aimed at
ensuring every Maine family is saving for their children's higher education by
2030. They're calling it Invest in ME 2030.


High levels of debt can serve as a significant barrier to obtaining a degree
and, ultimately, entering the workforce. One way of overcoming that is to ensure
families start saving for college early on.


"If you look at college statistics, children with savings are six times more
likely to go to college," Wagner said. That's true even if the savings is small.


To hit the 2030 goal, the coalition announced several initiatives:


-- A new scholarship sweepstakes program that will offer $1,000 awards to 16
Mainers, one for each county. Those interested in receiving the scholarship will
enter the sweepstakes, and the winner will be randomly selected. For more
information, visit NetGenForMe.com.


-- The launch of TheLoanForMe.com, which is meant to be the "ultimate student
loan resource for Maine," to help guide families and students to borrow wisely,
find scholarships and keep their debt down.


-- Bolstering and promoting the NextGen savings account, a Section 529 college
savings program administered by FAME. That savings account can start out at
birth with a $500 education grant from the Harold Alfond Foundation.


-- In addition, for families with an eligible NextGen account that contribute
$600 annually, FAME will match up to $300 in each calendar year. Wagner said few
Maine families are taking advantage of these savings opportunities, so FAME
hopes to do a better job of promoting these programs and making them accessible.


Follow Nick McCrea on Twitter at @nmccrea213.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                August 10, 2009

Electric cars: Will they sell?;
Buyer interest, battery supply key concerns

BYLINE: CHAD HALCOM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0001

LENGTH: 1178 words


There's no shortage of ambition in the plan.

The federal Electric Drive Vehicle Battery and Component Manufacturing
initiative aims to help an energy industry to build from the ground up, forge
supply chains with Detroit's automakers and put a support system in place around
vehicle fleets, all in time to have 1 million electric vehicles on the road by
2015.

But a key question remains: If Detroit builds it, will customers come?

Michigan businesses received $1.35 billion, more than half of the total $2.4
billion in grants announced last week by President Barack Obama and Vice
President Joe Biden. (See box, Page 30.) But rolling out a fleet of greener
vehicles is the not the last hurdle to clear, business leaders and industry
analysts said.

"The bigger challenge for us will be generating consumer interest," said Keith
Cooley, CEO of Detroit-based NextEnergy. "Something still has to jump-start the
market for that kind of rollout. Either it is going to be that gas goes back up
to $4, or even $5, or we are going to have to think at that stage about market
incentives for the buyer."

The battery initiative as a whole could generate up to 40,000 Michigan jobs in
the emerging vehicle battery and power systems industry and create at least $5.3
billion in economic impact, according to estimates from the Michigan Economic
Development Corp.

But much of that success rides on getting consumers to buy battery-electric and
plug-in hybrid electric vehicle models, starting with the first offerings from
the Detroit 3 next year.

Prabhakar Patil, CEO of Compact Power Inc. in Troy, said the more pressing
concern in his view is implementing a full supply chain for lithium-ion battery
production in the U.S. and lowering its total cost.

Although battery systems become incrementally cheaper each year, the first model
years of electrified vehicles are expected to cost $11,000 or so more than
conventional automobiles, according to both Cooley and McKinsey & Co. The
Chevrolet Volt, the first mass-market plug-in hybrid, is expected to cost more
than $40,000, even with incentives, when the vehicle reaches the market late
next year.

A U.S. subsidiary company of Seoul, South Korea-based LG Chem Ltd., Compact
Power received $151.4 million in grants last week toward its plan to launch a
battery cell and electrode manufacturing plant in Michigan.

The company is reviewing potential sites in Pontiac, Holland and St. Clair, and
the total investment is estimated at $300 million. Compact Power has been tapped
to produce lithium-ion battery packs for General Motors Co. on the Volt.

About 150 employees will be hired in advance to staff the plant, which is
expected to create about 400 jobs when fully operational.

The White House expects the Detroit 3 automakers to receive more than $300
million to manufacture advanced hybrid and electric vehicles, batteries and
electric drive components -- with $130.5 million in grants for GM, $92.7 million
to Ford Motor Co. and $70 million to Chrysler Group L.L.C.

Ric Fulop, vice president of business development at Romulus-based A123 Systems
Inc., which is to receive $249.1 million in grants, and Maria Thompson,
president of A123's Government Solutions Group, both declined to comment this
week, citing a mandated quiet period before significant disclosures to the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

A123 filed an amended prospectus with the SEC on July 30 and is seeking
regulatory approval to proceed with an IPO.

Smaller scale lithium-ion and lithium polymer battery production has been
growing for years in Asia, as makers of laptop and mobile phone batteries
gathered near the global consumer electronics industry that emerged there in the
1980s.

Doug Parks, senior vice president of new market development for the Michigan
Economic Development Corp., said the automotive industry began courting Asian
companies in recent years as energy prices climbed, but the state wanted to
develop a local niche in the as-yet-undeveloped large-scale battery industry.

In addition to LG Chem, a joint venture of Korean battery-maker Kokam
Engineering Co. Ltd. and Dow Chemical Co., received a $161 million grant.

The battery companies are expected to generate 6,800 jobs within 18 months and
could generate between 20,000-40,000 jobs by 2020, according to a Michigan State
University expert retained by MEDC.

Parks said the companies are estimated to generate $3.89 of state economic
impact for every dollar directly invested -- meaning at least $5.3 billion
statewide.

Jennifer Moore, corporate news manager at Ford, said battery-electric and
plug-in hybrid vehicles have yet to reach the U.S. market in any great numbers.

The company expects to roll out a Transit Connect battery-electric vehicle next
year, followed by a battery-electric version of the Focus in 2011 and an as-yet
unnamed plug-in hybrid in 2012.

Johnson Controls-SAFT Advanced Power Solutions L.L.C., which received a $299.2
million award, is the only supplier named so far to supply batteries to the 2012
plug-in hybrid, but the automaker is also in talks about electric systems with
England-based Smith Electric Vehicles, another grant recipient, about the
Transit Connect vehicle, Moore said.

Some $62.7 million was approved for Ford to develop and manufacture an electric
drive transaxle in Sterling Heights, while another $30 million will go toward
developing a demonstration vehicle fleet and collaboration with various utility
companies on new standards to power battery-electric vehicles.

"The process will be not only developing the vehicles but also the appropriate
infrastructure and development of standards for all users everywhere," she said.
"That involves working with utilities, and it's a different and more fragmented
industry than (oil and gas)."

Ann Marie Sastry, CEO of Sakti3, an Ann Arbor battery-maker not on the grant
list, said consumers will also learn to adapt to the new-car market and its
infrastructure.

"What you're going to see is that people use battery-electric vehicles
differently than they use gas vehicles," she said. "Just as new disruptive
technologies have changed other fields. You don't need a cell phone that's the
size of your boot that you only have to recharge once a month, nor do you need a
car that's the size of the bus so you don't have to recharge it."

Jon Sluis, member of the Energy Group at Southfield-based Plante & Moran
P.L.L.C., said convincing the consumer is probably one of the greater challenges
of the new electric-vehicle market, but it is an attainable goal. Industry
assistance from NextEnergy and the MEDC grant awards to the battery-makers
improve the industry's chances of success, he said.

"I think it will happen. But if it doesn't happen, the technology that's been
developed will have plenty of applications within alternative energy. That's
going to be important to have this capacity when 30 of the 50 states have a
renewable energy portfolio standard to meet in the next decade, and some of
those systems will need lithium-ion battery production."

Copyright 2009 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Regional Economic Council gears up for Round 5

BYLINE: Kim Smith Dedam, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 749 words


Jan. 26--LAKE PLACID -- Business and civic leaders are regrouping for Round 5 of
Regional Economic Development Council competition.

At the North Country Council's meeting here on Friday, Lt. Gov. Kathy Hochul
commended the group's members for their ability to work well together.

She also congratulated the council for winning top funding awards for three of
the past four years.

The monies, Hochul said, totaled $338 million in that time and have supported
291 projects throughout the North Country.

"And you're very competitive. I love that about you," she said.

BIG-PICTURE STRATEGY

In addition to the strategic challenge for priority projects this year, Gov.
Andrew Cuomo has proposed a $500 million matching grant program for broadband,
along with $1.5 billion in development grant monies that would go to three of
the seven upstate councils. Each winning program in the latter would win $500
million.

Legislature approval is required for both of those initiatives.

Should that happen, strategic planning would involve creating three bid
documents this year.

The Upstate New York Economic Revitalization Competition would look for a "big
picture" strategy that drills down into the existing priority list and
coordinates public, private, school and nonprofit resources, council Co-Chairman
Garry Douglas explained at the session, held at High Peaks Resort.

"It has to be based on our strategic plan already," Co-Chairman Tony Collins
added.

LAND BANK

The North Country Council will begin hosting local forums in the next two months
to gather business and civic input throughout the region.

Sen. Betty Little (R-Queensbury), who attended the meeting Friday, said they
discussed the $500 million broadband initiative earlier in the day.

The strategic program from the Adirondack and northernmost communities would
look to incite telecommunications companies to expand in the region, she said.

"I have legislation looking at creating a land bank that could be used for
utilities infrastructure where state land could be involved," she said.

Challenges with new infrastructure, cables and telecommunications lines are more
complicated as they reach areas of state land.

State regulation does not allow use of state forestland for any type of
development without an amendment to the State Constitution.

PAUL SMITH'S PARTNERS

During the public comment session, Paul Smith's College President Dr. Cathy Dove
addressed the group, reiterating their commitment to be a resource for economic
development.

"Paul Smith's College is absolutely committed to actively improving the economic
well-being of the North Country," she said.

She said her prior job in New York City was focused on tying the importance of
colleges and universities to economic development.

And Paul Smith's College, at last survey, she said, makes a $75 million economic
impact in the region.

"We believe in small-business development and entrepreneurship," she said.

Douglas said the council would be looking for her input in planning for upstate
development funds.

FORT DRUM REVIEW

Carl McLaughlin, executive director of the Fort Drum Liaison Organization,
described what the U.S. Army is looking at in terms of cutting staff and army
installations across the United States.

On March 20, army officials will be in Fort Drum to review the base and its
operations. Fort Drum lost 1,500 soldiers and civilian personnel last year. And
it is among bases being considered for closure.

"The army is in downsizing mode," McLaughlin said.

Sequestration in Congress has hamstrung budget planning, he said, as lawmakers
in Washington, D.C., have not yet solved budget cuts proposed in 2011.

But moving forward, the army is looking to cut 70,000 personnel "unless Congress
does something else," McLaughlin said.

"That's what the army is up against."

Fort Drum is unique, however.

"We are the only all-weather installation," the liaison said. "We are the only
installation without (base) hospitals or schools."

In his Executive Budget, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has proposed spending $1.5 million
for the army's Compatible Use Buffer Program, which preserves land around the
base for training and habitat conservation.

The North Country Economic Council will meet next on March 20 in Watertown to
coincide with the scheduled visit of army personnel.

Email Kim Smith Dedam at: kdedam@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @KimDedam

___ (c)2015 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150126-ZI-Regional-Economic-Council-gears-up-for-Round-5-0126-20150126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2015 The Press-Republican


                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday

Regional Economic Council gears up for Round 5

BYLINE: Kim Smith Dedam, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 748 words


Jan. 25--LAKE PLACID -- Business and civic leaders are regrouping for Round 5 of
Regional Economic Development Council competition.

At the North Country Council's meeting here on Friday, Lt. Gov. Kathy Hochul
commended the group's members for their ability to work well together.

She also congratulated the council for winning top funding awards for three of
the past four years.

The monies, Hochul said, totaled $338 million in that time and have supported
291 projects throughout the North Country.

"And you're very competitive. I love that about you," she said.

BIG-PICTURE STRATEGY

In addition to the strategic challenge for priority projects this year, Gov.
Andrew Cuomo has proposed a $500 million matching grant program for broadband,
along with $1.5 billion in development grant monies that would go to three of
the seven upstate councils. Each winning program in the latter would win $500
million.

Legislature approval is required for both of those initiatives.

Should that happen, strategic planning would involve creating three bid
documents this year.

The Upstate New York Economic Revitalization Competition would look for a "big
picture" strategy that drills down into the existing priority list and
coordinates public, private, school and nonprofit resources, council Co-Chairman
Garry Douglas explained at the session, held at High Peaks Resort.

"It has to be based on our strategic plan already," Co-Chairman Tony Collins
added.

LAND BANK

The North Country Council will begin hosting local forums in the next two months
to gather business and civic input throughout the region.

Sen. Betty Little (R-Queensbury), who attended the meeting Friday, said they
discussed the $500 million broadband initiative earlier in the day.

The strategic program from the Adirondack and northernmost communities would
look to incite telecommunications companies to expand in the region, she said.

"I have legislation looking at creating a land bank that could be used for
utilities infrastructure where state land could be involved," she said.

Challenges with new infrastructure, cables and telecommunications lines are more
complicated as they reach areas of state land.

State regulation does not allow use of state forestland for any type of
development without an amendment to the State Constitution.

PAUL SMITH'S PARTNERS

During the public comment session, Paul Smith's College President Dr. Cathy Dove
addressed the group, reiterating their commitment to be a resource for economic
development.

"Paul Smith's College is absolutely committed to actively improving the economic
well-being of the North Country," she said.

She said her prior job in New York City was focused on tying the importance of
colleges and universities to economic development.

And Paul Smith's College, at last survey, she said, makes a $75 million economic
impact in the region.

"We believe in small-business development and entrepreneurship," she said.

Douglas said the council would be looking for her input in planning for upstate
development funds.

FORT DRUM REVIEW

Carl McLaughlin, executive director of the Fort Drum Liaison Organization,
described what the U.S. Army is looking at in terms of cutting staff and army
installations across the United States.

On March 20, army officials will be in Fort Drum to review the base and its
operations. Fort Drum lost 1,500 soldiers and civilian personnel last year. And
it is among bases being considered for closure.

"The army is in downsizing mode," McLaughlin said.

Sequestration in Congress has hamstrung budget planning, he said, as lawmakers
in Washington, D.C., have not yet solved budget cuts proposed in 2011.

But moving forward, the army is looking to cut 70,000 personnel "unless Congress
does something else," McLaughlin said.

"That's what the army is up against."

Fort Drum is unique, however.

"We are the only all-weather installation," the liaison said. "We are the only
installation without (base) hospitals or schools."

In his Executive Budget, Gov. Andrew Cuomo has proposed spending $1.5 million
for the army's Compatible Use Buffer Program, which preserves land around the
base for training and habitat conservation.

The North Country Economic Council will meet next on March 20 in Watertown to
coincide with the scheduled visit of army personnel.

Email Kim Smith Dedam at:

kdedam@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @KimDedam

___ (c)2015 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150125-ZI-Regional-Economic-Council-gears-up-for-Round-5-0125-20150125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2015 The Press-Republican


                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 27, 2010 Sunday

UNIVERSITY OF TAMPA PRESS GIVES, GETS AWARDS

BYLINE: COLETTE BANCROFT, JOHN FLEMING, LENNIE BENNETT, Times book editor; Times
performing arts critic; Times visual arts critic

SECTION: LATITUDES; CRITICS CIRCLE; Pg. 2L

LENGTH: 757 words


Colette Bancroft

Times book editor

It has been a sterling few weeks for one of our local literary treasures, the
University of Tampa Press. The small but prestigious press, based at the
University of Tampa and directed by professor and poet Richard Matthews, has
announced the winner of its 2010 Tampa Review Prize for Poetry. Dennis
Hinrichsen of Lansing, Mich., won for his manuscript Rip-tooth.

Hinrichsen, who has published six other books of poetry, teaches at Lansing
Community College and has received a grant from the National Endowment for the
Arts. His award from the UT Press includes a $2,000 cash prize and the
simultaneous publication of hardback and paperback editions of Rip-tooth in
early 2011.

The 2008 winner of the Tampa Review Prize for Poetry, Benjamin S. Grossberg, and
the UT Press recently won a national Lambda Literary Award for Poetry for
Grossberg's book Sweet Core Orchard, published by the press last year. Sponsored
by the Lambda Literary Foundation, the awards are given annually for literature
about gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people. Grossberg teaches at the
University of Hartford in Connecticut.

For information about the UT Press' literary journal, the Tampa Review, and
guidelines for its poetry prize and Danahy Prize for Fiction, go to
www.ut.edu/tampareview.

* * *

John Fleming

Times performing arts critic

Tarpon Springs awarded NEA grant

When it comes to government arts funding, the National Endowment for the Arts
carries a lot of prestige, so it's a notable achievement that the city of Tarpon
Springs has been awarded $35,000 from the NEA for its Greek Arts Initiative. It
shows that the city's traditional Greek culture is something that stands out in
the suburban sprawl of the Tampa Bay area.

Directed by folklorist Tina Bucuvalas, the initiative will be highlighted by the
Gulf Maritime Festival on March 5, 2011, featuring the Tarpon Springs
waterfront, with an emphasis on the sponge-diving industry. The festival also
will have music, dance and food associated with maritime cultures.

Other aspects of the initiative include Greek folklife workshops, performances
by artists from Kalymnos, Greece, and "Night in the Islands'' presentations with
outdoor dining and music on the Sponge Docks.

The Greek band Ellada, consisting of bouzouki player George Soffos, keyboard
player Dino Theofilos and vocalist Elias Poulos, will give a free concert on the
Sponge Docks from 6 to 11 p.m. July 10. For information, go to
www.tarponarts.org.

* * *

Lennie Bennett

Times visual arts critic

When it comes to the arts, think regional

Recently, John Fleming and I were invited to participate in a panel discussion
for leaders of arts organizations in St. Petersburg. The group is organized by
the city and meets regularly. This month's get-together was at the Morean Arts
Center. John and I (along with a local broadcaster and the editor of an
alternative newspaper) were asked mostly for advice about getting news out
there, but talk also turned to the economic impact of the arts and their
importance in attracting visitors to St. Petersburg.

I was born in St. Petersburg and live here. My office is here. But I consider
myself a regionalist; I am committed to covering arts news equally throughout
west-central Florida.

We drive all over the place all the time to shop, eat, ride roller coasters and
watch sporting events. We should be just as willing to do so for an art show
that piques our interest.

It's also pragmatic to think of us as part of a region rather than individual
cities. If a visitor to Tampa is encouraged to stay an extra night to visit the
Dali Museum in St. Petersburg, that's more money for both cities. If we can
convince a tourist in Clearwater to stay longer and take a day trip to the
Ringling in Sarasota . . . You see my point.

This whole idea of regionalism gets a lot of ink. It's the driving force behind
the push for both high-speed and light rail. And it's looking like a bitter pill
in discussions of a new baseball stadium.

A former city official once said to me, "I don't care about the arts in Tampa. I
just care about St. Petersburg."

I countered that he was being shortsighted.

Loyalty to a place is admirable. And one of the greatest loyalties is trying to
do what's best for that place in the long run. Regionalism doesn't mean that the
unique personalities of each community should be obliterated or even downplayed.
They should continue to be celebrated. But for the big things, we need to think
collectively. That's how the arts and everything else will grow and thrive.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          February 16, 2017, Thursday

Regional colleges drive economies

BYLINE: By

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 854 words


Local universities and colleges generate $24 for every state dollar

This past summer, the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission announced
the results of a study outlining the economic impacts of all public four-year
and two-year higher education institutions in West Virginia.

The study confirmed what many already knew. West Virginia's public colleges and
universities drive the economy in the areas where they are located.

Both this study and a similar report released in 2008 estimate the state's
institutions of higher education have an impact on the state's economy ranging
from $2.5 to $7.9 billion and generate 24,000 to 40,600 jobs directly and
indirectly.

The reports further highlight the outstanding return on investment of state
appropriations; generating an economic impact up to $24 for every dollar the
state allocates.

These numbers are impressive and showcase the immense impact all of our public
colleges and universities have on the state and local economies.

The West Virginia Association of Regional Colleges and Universities represents
Bluefield State College, Concord University, Fairmont State University,
Glenville State College, West Liberty University and West Virginia State
University.

Our members are local, public four-year colleges and universities, and they are
the economic and social backbone of the communities where they are located.

Our students, professors, and staff live and spend their money in these
communities. Our schools contract with and buy products from local businesses
and service providers. And these schools provide programming that benefits the
community through education and services, as well as athletic and cultural
opportunities.

Beyond providing a quality, comprehensive education to students, these schools
are uniquely engaged with their communities. Our schools keep small communities
thriving and provide employment opportunities to West Virginians.

Consider:

Glenville State College is the only college in West Virginia to allow qualified
students access to federal financial aid when taking college credit classes
before high school graduation. This valuable program allows financially strapped
students an early start to a college diploma.

Fairmont State's School of Education offers professional development for more
than 40 area public schools and has a Community Service Learning partnership
with the United Way and other local social service agencies.

West Liberty's business "Launchpad helps entrepreneurs and small businesses grow
through a variety of assistance programs, and the school's "Community University
engages area adults age 50-plus through stimulating learning opportunities.

Faculty and students from Bluefield State College's School of Nursing invested
more than 1,500 hours of community service in helping residents impacted by last
year's flooding, and the college assists local secondary schools with a wide
range and ongoing set of projects.

These examples are just the tip of the iceberg.

Concord University's more than 60 grant programs impact the daily lives of West
Virginians through statewide foster/adoptive care, geography literacy
initiatives, business entrepreneurial opportunities and other educational,
research, and outreach services.

As a regional research institution, West Virginia State University has brought
more than $16 million in research and development grants to the university,
benefiting the state and region. As a land-grant institution, WVSU Extension
Service serves 38 West Virginia counties daily.

These institutions meet local need with educational programs, workforce training
and community support, while providing excellent educational outcomes. They
attract alumnae, donor and community financial support the state does not have
to provide. And they strive every day to improve quality and efficiency.

Over the past three years, state funding to our members has been reduced 20
percent. Our members are concerned about the potential for additional cuts, or
the elimination of state funding altogether, to our schools.

While we recognize the state is facing a significant budget deficit, further
reductions in state funding to these schools will not only impede their ability
to provide a robust educational experience, but will erode the tax base in the
communities they serve.

Regional institutions, like those represented by the state Association of
Regional Colleges and Universities, bring considerable value to West Virginia.

We look forward to working with Gov. Jim Justice and the Legislature to improve
efficiencies wherever we can while identifying solutions that maintain or
increase funding levels to public colleges and universities.

Our institutions of higher education are far more than bricks and mortar
consisting of offices and classrooms for students and administrators. They are
the engines that drive solid economic activity in their regions, and they
provide an outstanding educated workforce that will solidify the foundation for
a brighter, more prosperous West Virginia.

Hallie Mason is legislative representative for the West Virginia Association of
Regional Colleges and Universities.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Charleston Newspapers


                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                       April 28, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Threshold Group Creates Goals-Based Impact Investment Research Services for
Investors Seeking to Produce Multiplier Effect in Local Communities

LENGTH: 655  words


April 28 -- Threshold Group has established Impact Investment Research Services,
created by an internal team focused on localized investment opportunities with
the greatest potential for social, environmental, and economic impact.

"Our impact investment services fulfill a significant gap in the marketplace for
foundations, families and individuals wanting to invest close to home and in
what matters to them," explains Ed Lazar, president of Threshold Group. "Our
solutions enable clients to invest with confidence while advancing innovation
and economic impact within their communities."

Client portfolios managed by the firm include more than $1 billion in assets
designated for impact investing.

"Analytical standards remain paramount for portfolio construction. Our client
driven, goals-based approach expands the scope of investment options to include
regional exposures," says Ron Albahary, chief investment officer. "The common
denominator is the analytical rigor that our investment analysts apply to assess
emerging categories of investments, including those for clients seeking social
and environmental outcomes."

Impact scoring system

One reason for Threshold Group's proprietary evaluation structure, including
"Impact Scoring," is that most impact investments are not yet followed by
traditional investment analysts. The opportunities are typically in investment
funds and other commingled vehicles, including venture capital and private
equity.

Threshold Group's diligent Impact Scoring methodology has already been applied
to investment funds that cover a broad range of social and environmental impact
themes, from financial inclusion to sustainable agriculture. An added benefit to
the regional economy is that the resulting capital commitments have the
potential to attract even more institutional participants, thereby strengthening
the business ecosystem.

Investors typically begin by identifying impact themes that are intended to
encompass opportunities for financial and non-financial returns, for example:

* Impact theme: Equitable communities

* Job creation and training

* Affordable housing

* Education and innovation

* Impact theme: Sustainable environments

* Biodiversity and habitat

* Tribal environmental stewardship

* Environmental quality, including reduction of air pollution and CO2 emissions

* Sustainable energy

Categories of impact criteria applied by Threshold Group research analysts
include:

* Measurable and scalable impact, e.g., a consistent framework to assess
investments based on goals, and positive and negative impacts (both
qualitatively and quantitatively).

* Environmental impact, e.g., relevant metrics to track impact performance for
CO2 emission reduction.

* Social impact, e.g., addresses a single, focused social theme (education,
microfinance, healthcare).

* Regional economic impact, e.g., an investment likely to attract additional
capital to the place (state or region).

Portland economic development example

For two years, Meyer Memorial Trust (MMT), Portland, Ore., has been redirecting
a portion of its grant-making through the Invest Oregon initiative, an
impact-related investment strategy to benefit regional economic development in
Oregon and Southwest Washington state. MMT selected Threshold Group to conduct
research on investment fund managers as initial recipients.

"Our priority is to direct a portion of investments to benefit entrepreneurs and
small businesses, so they can have fair access to capital, to scale their
businesses," notes Sayer Jones, MMT's Director of Finance and Mission Related
Investing. "That is a challenge beyond traditional institutional investing, so
this is groundbreaking territory."

Preliminary results are heartening. The initial investments through Invest
Oregon have boosted portfolio companies that have created more than 1,000 jobs
since their inception.

Threshold Group may be reached at 888-252-3889 and thresholdgroup.com.

Source: Threshold Group

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Wisconsin: Racine Receives $1 Million State Grant for Machinery Row
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 823  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The City of Racine has been awarded a $1 million grant from the state's Idle
Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, an initiative that helps help spur the
redevelopment of abandoned properties throughout Wisconsin.

The grant, awarded by the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC),
will be used to help fund a $65 million project that calls for transforming 20
acres of idle industrial property along the Root River into a mixed-used
development that will include commercial, retail and residential space.
The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The city and developer Financial District Properties Machinery Row LLC are
planning the redevelopment of two large industrial buildings in Racine's
Machinery Row district on Water Street--a project expected to revitalize the
city's riverfront and create more than 100 jobs in the first phase and
ultimately more than 500 jobs.

"This redevelopment has the potential to transform what is now a neglected area
into a place where people can live, work, shop and dine along the scenic
riverfront," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the state's lead
economic development organization. "This is one of the most significant economic
development projects in Racine's history, and WEDC is pleased to be able to
provide support for this ambitious initiative."

"We are excited that the state and WEDC have the same vision as we do for the
Machinery Row site," said Racine Mayor John Dickert. "The Idle Industrial Site
grant will allow the project to move forward quickly and provide environmental
remediation for the project. Thanks to the teamwork on this project we will
begin the rebuilding of our riverfront for all of Racine to enjoy."

"We are grateful to WEDC and Governor Walker for awarding the City of Racine
with these funds that are yet another step forward in our goal to create a
catalytic project that will provide the people of Racine a lasting economic
impact," said Jennifer Kakert, CFO of Financial District Properties Machinery
Row.

"These funds will significantly help with remediating costly environmental
contamination and cleanup," added Jim Bowman, the company's development
director. "Without this state assistance, the costs to address existing
environmental issues would prohibit our ability to attract the necessary capital
to complete this very complex redevelopment project."

WEDC's Idle Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, created in 2013, stimulates
investment and job creation in idle, abandoned and underutilized manufacturing
sites that cannot be solely redeveloped by the private sector due to their scale
and complexity.

The competitive program offers grants of up to $1 million to communities for the
implementation of redevelopment plans for sites of 10 acres or more that have
been idle, abandoned or underutilized for at least five years. The sites must
have had at least 25 years of prior commercial or industrial usage to qualify.

The funds can be used for demolition, environmental remediation, or
site-specific improvements defined in a redevelopment plan.

In this latest round of funding, the City of Oak Creek received $1 million for
the Drexel Town Square project and the City of Merrill received $417,250 to help
fund a $1.4 million redevelopment project along the Wisconsin River. WEDC
expects to award a total of $3.4 million to municipalities in this round of
funding, and more grant announcements will be made in coming weeks.

In addition to the grant, WEDC also is supporting the Machinery Row project by
authorizing the developer to receive up to $9 million in Historic Preservation
Tax Credits for the project. The actual amount of tax credits is contingent upon
how much the developer spends on rehabilitation work. The City of Racine is
providing $7 million in assistance for infrastructure needs on the site.

The Machinery Row project calls for redeveloping two buildings totaling 720,000
square feet on the former J.I. Case property at 900 and 820 Water Street that
are more than 100 years old. The 440,000-square-foot building at 900 Water
Street will be renovated into about 165 market-rate apartments with supportive
commercial enterprises; the other building will house about 280,000 square feet
of mixed use development. It also includes an urban grocery store with
sufficient space for a farmers market and a recreation facility.

The Root River riverfront at Machinery Row will become a 3-acre public park,
promenade and gathering space in a location that has not been fully accessible
to the public for more than a century. The area also will be connected to
existing and planned regional walking, biking and recreational trails.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Wisconsin: Racine Receives $1 Million State Grant for Machinery Row
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 823  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The City of Racine has been awarded a $1 million grant from the state's Idle
Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, an initiative that helps help spur the
redevelopment of abandoned properties throughout Wisconsin.

The grant, awarded by the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC),
will be used to help fund a $65 million project that calls for transforming 20
acres of idle industrial property along the Root River into a mixed-used
development that will include commercial, retail and residential space.
The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The city and developer Financial District Properties Machinery Row LLC are
planning the redevelopment of two large industrial buildings in Racine's
Machinery Row district on Water Street--a project expected to revitalize the
city's riverfront and create more than 100 jobs in the first phase and
ultimately more than 500 jobs.

"This redevelopment has the potential to transform what is now a neglected area
into a place where people can live, work, shop and dine along the scenic
riverfront," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the state's lead
economic development organization. "This is one of the most significant economic
development projects in Racine's history, and WEDC is pleased to be able to
provide support for this ambitious initiative."

"We are excited that the state and WEDC have the same vision as we do for the
Machinery Row site," said Racine Mayor John Dickert. "The Idle Industrial Site
grant will allow the project to move forward quickly and provide environmental
remediation for the project. Thanks to the teamwork on this project we will
begin the rebuilding of our riverfront for all of Racine to enjoy."

"We are grateful to WEDC and Governor Walker for awarding the City of Racine
with these funds that are yet another step forward in our goal to create a
catalytic project that will provide the people of Racine a lasting economic
impact," said Jennifer Kakert, CFO of Financial District Properties Machinery
Row.

"These funds will significantly help with remediating costly environmental
contamination and cleanup," added Jim Bowman, the company's development
director. "Without this state assistance, the costs to address existing
environmental issues would prohibit our ability to attract the necessary capital
to complete this very complex redevelopment project."

WEDC's Idle Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, created in 2013, stimulates
investment and job creation in idle, abandoned and underutilized manufacturing
sites that cannot be solely redeveloped by the private sector due to their scale
and complexity.

The competitive program offers grants of up to $1 million to communities for the
implementation of redevelopment plans for sites of 10 acres or more that have
been idle, abandoned or underutilized for at least five years. The sites must
have had at least 25 years of prior commercial or industrial usage to qualify.

The funds can be used for demolition, environmental remediation, or
site-specific improvements defined in a redevelopment plan.

In this latest round of funding, the City of Oak Creek received $1 million for
the Drexel Town Square project and the City of Merrill received $417,250 to help
fund a $1.4 million redevelopment project along the Wisconsin River. WEDC
expects to award a total of $3.4 million to municipalities in this round of
funding, and more grant announcements will be made in coming weeks.

In addition to the grant, WEDC also is supporting the Machinery Row project by
authorizing the developer to receive up to $9 million in Historic Preservation
Tax Credits for the project. The actual amount of tax credits is contingent upon
how much the developer spends on rehabilitation work. The City of Racine is
providing $7 million in assistance for infrastructure needs on the site.

The Machinery Row project calls for redeveloping two buildings totaling 720,000
square feet on the former J.I. Case property at 900 and 820 Water Street that
are more than 100 years old. The 440,000-square-foot building at 900 Water
Street will be renovated into about 165 market-rate apartments with supportive
commercial enterprises; the other building will house about 280,000 square feet
of mixed use development. It also includes an urban grocery store with
sufficient space for a farmers market and a recreation facility.

The Root River riverfront at Machinery Row will become a 3-acre public park,
promenade and gathering space in a location that has not been fully accessible
to the public for more than a century. The area also will be connected to
existing and planned regional walking, biking and recreational trails.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2011 Friday

Habitat for Humanity opens new office, store

BYLINE: Mara Knaub, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


Oct. 21--Community members and local dignitaries celebrated on Thursday the
grand opening of a new Habitat for Humanity administrative office and home
improvement center with the traditional ribbon cutting and something a little
tastier: tacos.

USDA Rural Development state director Alan Stephens presented Frank Carrillo,
executive director of Habitat for Humanity of Yuma, with a certificate
representing $1.135 million in funding for new facilities.

The funds were used to purchase 2.4 acres and a 20,000-square-foot building to
house Habitat's administrative offices, recycling programs and a ReStore home
improvement center at 3242 E. 43rd St.

"We are beginning a new chapter. We have a new place to call our own, a place to
grow and develop," Carrillo said.

The funding for the new facilities came through a $100,000 Community Facilities
grant, a $60,000 Economic Impact Initiative grant and a $975,000 low-interest
loan.

"Having both the grants and the long-term, low-interest loan terms help make
this project cost effective for Habitat," Stephens said.

He added that the Rural Development program is for communities with less than
20,000 people "and this is in the county so it qualifies."

"The ReStore should also be an asset for folks in the community," he noted.

The store offers new and used materials that have been donated by community
members and contractors. Items for sale include furniture, appliances, hardware,
doors, cabinets and windows.

"With today's economy, people are always looking for all sorts of little things,
a knob for a door but they don't want to buy 10. If they don't need a full sheet
of plywood, maybe they only need a quarter, they can come see us," Carrillo
said.

Paul Melcher, Habitat's board president, pointed out that the old location, a
rental property on 24th Street, was not conducive to having a store. "This is so
much better."

Melcher said the revenues from the store will allow the organization to "step
up" its efforts to build more homes.

Carrillo agreed that the additional revenues will be used to "help Americans
realize their dream of owning a home. Habitat provides affordable and decent
housing for those with difficulty in obtaining housing with no interest loans."

During the ceremony, Deputy Mayor Raul Mendoza thanked the volunteers that work
with Habitat for Humanity.

"We all depend on volunteers, from those who swing a hammer to those who save
aluminum cans and drop them in the Snoopy houses (Habitat's recycling bins).
Volunteers build stronger communities," Mendoza said.

Wellton Mayor James L. Deermer issued a challenge to all communities in Yuma
County "to donate property for homes like we did."

Leonard Gradillas, USDA community facilities program director, said he pledged
to help Habitat on one condition.

"I told Frank (Carrillo) that when they have the ribbon-cutting ceremony, they
must have carne asada. I fulfilled my pledge and I see he fulfilled his pledge
because I can smell it over there."

Mara Knaub can be reached at mknaub@yumasun.com or 539-6856.

___ (c)2011 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111021-YZ-Habitat-for-Humanity-opens-new-office-store-1021-20111021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2011 The Sun


                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Wisconsin: State Grant to Help Fund New Wellness Commons in Milwaukee

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $413,750
grant to the City of Milwaukee to help finance the new Innovations & Wellness
Commons, a redevelopment project spearheaded by the Walnut Way Conservation
Corp.

The grant was announced today at a groundbreaking attended by Lieutenant
Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett, and dozens of community
and business leaders at the future home of the Commons on West North Avenue in
the Lindsay Heights neighborhood.

The Innovations & Wellness Commons is a two-phased redevelopment project created
by Walnut Way and its partners that will serve as a hub for economic
development, healthy food options, wellness services and training programs for
Lindsay Heights and surrounding neighborhoods.

"The Innovations & Wellness Commons will not only be a valuable resource for
area residents by providing them with healthy food options, but it also has the
potential to be a real catalyst for future economic development in the
neighborhood," Lieutenant Governor Kleefisch said. "This project also is another
key component of our administration's Transform Milwaukee Initiative, which has
already produced $275 million in state investments in the heart of Milwaukee."

"This is a collaborative effort building on the imagination of Walnut Way, the
resources of WEDC, involvement from community-minded partners, and the
commitment of city government to move this project forward," Mayor Barrett said.
"This neighborhood has a bright future, and the Innovation & Wellness Commons is
a wonderful addition."

"The Innovations & Wellness Commons demonstrates a significant community
investment and commitment in commercial development," said Sharon Adams,
executive director of the Walnut Way Conservation Corp. "The landscape for what
is possible is now broadened by our shared efforts."

The $2.2 million project is being financed in part by Forward Community
Investments, a statewide community development financial institution that
invests in organizations and initiatives working to promote social, racial and
economic equity in communities across Wisconsin. Other funding was provided by
the Zilber Family Foundation, the Local Initiative Support Corporation, the City
of Milwaukee and others.

The first phase of the Commons will focus on creating a healthy food oasis for
the community that will include a commercial kitchen and small retail store
operated by Outpost Natural Foods; a retail operation featuring vegetarian
dishes operated by The Juice Kitchen; a 4,500-square-foot commercial kitchen
operated by the Milwaukee Center for Independence that will produce meals for
clients and will provide training in food service; and an administrative office
for the nearby Fondy Food Center.

Phase one, which calls for renovating an existing vacant building into a new
6,000-square-foot Commons, is 100 percent filled, and all tenants have committed
to signing five-year leases. Construction is now under way and expected to be
completed by October.

The second phase of the project calls for construction of a new
9,000-square-foot building on an adjacent lot that will house tenants who will
provide complementary health and wellness services.

Officials say the project will not only help revitalize the Lindsay Heights
neighborhood but also will serve as a model for other neighborhoods.

"This is a significant community development project that will revitalize the
commercial corridor, enhance employment and training opportunities, and
strengthen the economic and cultural fabric of our neighborhood," Adams said.
"The Commons will celebrate the neighborhood's rich history and serve as the
catalyst for the rebirth of the local economy."

The state funding is part of WEDC's Community Development Investment Grant
Program, which supports community development and redevelopment
efforts--primarily in downtown areas--throughout the state. Since its inception
in 2013, the program has provided more than $5.8 million in grants to 39
communities.

Milwaukee is one of seven communities awarded a grant out of 32 applications
received from throughout the state in this round of funding. Communities were
selected based on the ability to demonstrate the economic impact of the proposed
project, including public and private partnership development, financial need,
and use of sustainable downtown development practices.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Wisconsin: State Grant to Help Fund New Wellness Commons in Milwaukee

LENGTH: 759  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC) has awarded a $413,750
grant to the City of Milwaukee to help finance the new Innovations & Wellness
Commons, a redevelopment project spearheaded by the Walnut Way Conservation
Corp.

The grant was announced today at a groundbreaking attended by Lieutenant
Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett, and dozens of community
and business leaders at the future home of the Commons on West North Avenue in
the Lindsay Heights neighborhood.

The Innovations & Wellness Commons is a two-phased redevelopment project created
by Walnut Way and its partners that will serve as a hub for economic
development, healthy food options, wellness services and training programs for
Lindsay Heights and surrounding neighborhoods.

"The Innovations & Wellness Commons will not only be a valuable resource for
area residents by providing them with healthy food options, but it also has the
potential to be a real catalyst for future economic development in the
neighborhood," Lieutenant Governor Kleefisch said. "This project also is another
key component of our administration's Transform Milwaukee Initiative, which has
already produced $275 million in state investments in the heart of Milwaukee."

"This is a collaborative effort building on the imagination of Walnut Way, the
resources of WEDC, involvement from community-minded partners, and the
commitment of city government to move this project forward," Mayor Barrett said.
"This neighborhood has a bright future, and the Innovation & Wellness Commons is
a wonderful addition."

"The Innovations & Wellness Commons demonstrates a significant community
investment and commitment in commercial development," said Sharon Adams,
executive director of the Walnut Way Conservation Corp. "The landscape for what
is possible is now broadened by our shared efforts."

The $2.2 million project is being financed in part by Forward Community
Investments, a statewide community development financial institution that
invests in organizations and initiatives working to promote social, racial and
economic equity in communities across Wisconsin. Other funding was provided by
the Zilber Family Foundation, the Local Initiative Support Corporation, the City
of Milwaukee and others.

The first phase of the Commons will focus on creating a healthy food oasis for
the community that will include a commercial kitchen and small retail store
operated by Outpost Natural Foods; a retail operation featuring vegetarian
dishes operated by The Juice Kitchen; a 4,500-square-foot commercial kitchen
operated by the Milwaukee Center for Independence that will produce meals for
clients and will provide training in food service; and an administrative office
for the nearby Fondy Food Center.

Phase one, which calls for renovating an existing vacant building into a new
6,000-square-foot Commons, is 100 percent filled, and all tenants have committed
to signing five-year leases. Construction is now under way and expected to be
completed by October.

The second phase of the project calls for construction of a new
9,000-square-foot building on an adjacent lot that will house tenants who will
provide complementary health and wellness services.

Officials say the project will not only help revitalize the Lindsay Heights
neighborhood but also will serve as a model for other neighborhoods.

"This is a significant community development project that will revitalize the
commercial corridor, enhance employment and training opportunities, and
strengthen the economic and cultural fabric of our neighborhood," Adams said.
"The Commons will celebrate the neighborhood's rich history and serve as the
catalyst for the rebirth of the local economy."

The state funding is part of WEDC's Community Development Investment Grant
Program, which supports community development and redevelopment
efforts--primarily in downtown areas--throughout the state. Since its inception
in 2013, the program has provided more than $5.8 million in grants to 39
communities.

Milwaukee is one of seven communities awarded a grant out of 32 applications
received from throughout the state in this round of funding. Communities were
selected based on the ability to demonstrate the economic impact of the proposed
project, including public and private partnership development, financial need,
and use of sustainable downtown development practices.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

United States: Revitalization of Harris Homes

LENGTH: 406  words


Project Start Date:October 2009
Project End Date:October 2013
Estimated Project Cost:$25,710,000.00
Description:
AHA procured Harris Redevelopment, LLC, which is a joint venture partnership of
Integral Properties and Real Estate Strategies to
revitalize Harris Homes into a dynamic mixed-use, mixed-income,
multi-generational community.  The revitalization vision is based on a
strategic partnership with Morehouse College, Spelman College and Morehouse
School of Medicine that integrates the newly developed
community with that of the Atlanta University Center schools.  Upon completion,
the revitalized community will replace 760 functionally obsolete and severely
distressed multifamily units with 290 senior only
rental units, 393 multifamily mixed income rental units, 50 offsite and
339 onsite affordable and market rate for sale units, and a 100 room
hotel.  To help promote a healthy and sustainable community, the
master plan includes recreational green space and an on-site water feature
maintained by the City of Atlanta Park and Recreation department.


The revitalization of Harris Homes was made possible with a $39 million
HUD HOPE VI grant, which was leveraged by AHA and its private
sector development partner to secure $54 million in private debt, tax
credit equity and other development funds.  AHA provided an additional
$11 million in funding for site remediation and acquisitions in the
surrounding neighborhood.  In addition, to support the revitalization
initiative, the City of Atlanta has contributed $21 million in infrastructure
funds to complete all of the street, streetscape, storm/sewer separation
(consistent with the consent decree) water distribution and erosion
control improvements in the public right-of-way.
The Harris Homes HOPE VI revitalization program has served as a
catalyst for community and economic development, generating
approximately $102 million in area investments, including APS
investments in a new high performing elementary school, a state of the
art Performing Arts Center, and a YMCA early childhood development
center.  When completed, the estimated total area economic impact of
this revitalization initiative will be over $278 million.
As of May 2010, 290 senior only rental units, 216 multi-family units of
which 26 are special need only units have been completed on site, 177
multi-family units are currently under construction.

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Nevada: Five Midwest States Receive Additional Incentives to Establish Honey Bee
Habitats

LENGTH: 827  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), today announced $8 million in
Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) incentives for Michigan, Minnesota, North
Dakota, South Dakota and Wisconsin farmers and ranchers who establish new
habitats for declining honey bee populations. More than half of the commercially
managed honey bees are in these five states during the summer. Today's
announcement comes in addition to $3 million USDA designated to the Midwest
states to support bee populations earlier this year through the Natural
Resources Conservation Service Environmental Quality Incentives Program.

"American agricultural production relies on having a healthy honey bee
population," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "In recent years, factors
such as diseases, parasites, pesticides or habitat loss have contributed to a
significant decline in the honey bee population. This $8 million is part of the
Administration's ongoing strategy to reverse these trends and establish more
plant habitat on Conservation Reserve Program lands to restore the bee
population."

The new CRP pollinator initiative is designed to further enhance current CRP
land, allowing it to provide better access to nutritious pollinator forage. The
program allows for managing or replacing existing vegetation, known as 'covers',
with lower cost, high nutrition seed mixes that can support distinct blooming
cycles of plants that benefit pollinators. Honey bees, the pollinator workhorse
of U.S. fruit and vegetable agriculture, will have more blooms from which to
collect nectar and pollen to sustain and promote colony growth and honey
production throughout the growing season. By assisting honey bees, the
pollinator initiative helps USDA continue to secure the food supply. More than
$15 billion worth of agricultural production, including over 130 fruits and
vegetables, depend on the health and well-being of honey bees.

Now is a critical time for efforts to support honey bee populations. The honey
bee population in the United States has been declining for decades. The number
of managed U.S. honey bee colonies dropped from 6 million in 1947, to just 2.5
million today.

This week, President Obama issued a memorandum directing U.S. government
agencies to take additional steps to protect and restore domestic populations of
pollinators, including honey bees. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy will co-chair
a new Pollinator Health Task Force to focus federal efforts to conduct research
and take action to help pollinators recover from population losses. This
includes a public education campaign to teach people ways that they can help
pollinators in their own homes or businesses.

USDA is already actively pursuing solutions to the multiple problems affecting
honey bee health. The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) maintains four
laboratories across the country conducting research into all aspects of bee
genetics, breeding, biology and physiology, with special focus on bee nutrition,
control of pathogens and parasites, the effects of pesticide exposure and the
interactions between each of these factors. The National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) supports bee research efforts through grants and research to
Land Grant Universities. The Animal Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)
conducts national honey bee pest and disease surveys and provides border
inspections to prevent new invasive bee pests from entering the U.S. The Farm
Service Agency (FSA) and NRCS work on improved forage and habitat for bees
through programs such as the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) and EQIP.
Additionally, the Economic Research Service (ERS) is currently examining the
direct economic costs of the pollinator problem and the associated indirect
economic impacts, and the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS)
conducts limited surveys of honey production, number of colonies, price, and
value of production which provide some data essential for research by the other
agencies.

The CRP pollinator initiative, administered by the USDA Farm Service Agency
(FSA), takes advantage of the new pollinator seed mixes developed by the USDA
Natural Resources Conservation Service. FSA also recently announced the restart
of continuous enrollments in CRP, including its Pollinator Habitat Initiative to
enroll 100,000 acres of longer lasting meadows of high-quality native
wildflowers that support honey bees, pollinators and other wildlife populations.

For more information about new the pollinator initiative in the five Midwestern
states, the continuous enrollment in the Conservation Reserve Program, and the
pollinator habitat initiative, agricultural producers are encouraged to contact
their local FSA office or go online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Provides $8 Million to Help Boost Declining Honey Bee Population

LENGTH: 827  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), today announced $8 million in
Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) incentives for Michigan, Minnesota, North
Dakota, South Dakota and Wisconsin farmers and ranchers who establish new
habitats for declining honey bee populations. More than half of the commercially
managed honey bees are in these five states during the summer. Today's
announcement comes in addition to $3 million USDA designated to the Midwest
states to support bee populations earlier this year through the Natural
Resources Conservation Service Environmental Quality Incentives Program.

"American agricultural production relies on having a healthy honey bee
population," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. "In recent years, factors
such as diseases, parasites, pesticides or habitat loss have contributed to a
significant decline in the honey bee population. This $8 million is part of the
Administration's ongoing strategy to reverse these trends and establish more
plant habitat on Conservation Reserve Program lands to restore the bee
population."

The new CRP pollinator initiative is designed to further enhance current CRP
land, allowing it to provide better access to nutritious pollinator forage. The
program allows for managing or replacing existing vegetation, known as 'covers',
with lower cost, high nutrition seed mixes that can support distinct blooming
cycles of plants that benefit pollinators. Honey bees, the pollinator workhorse
of U.S. fruit and vegetable agriculture, will have more blooms from which to
collect nectar and pollen to sustain and promote colony growth and honey
production throughout the growing season. By assisting honey bees, the
pollinator initiative helps USDA continue to secure the food supply. More than
$15 billion worth of agricultural production, including over 130 fruits and
vegetables, depend on the health and well-being of honey bees.

Now is a critical time for efforts to support honey bee populations. The honey
bee population in the United States has been declining for decades. The number
of managed U.S. honey bee colonies dropped from 6 million in 1947, to just 2.5
million today.

This week, President Obama issued a memorandum directing U.S. government
agencies to take additional steps to protect and restore domestic populations of
pollinators, including honey bees. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Gina McCarthy will co-chair
a new Pollinator Health Task Force to focus federal efforts to conduct research
and take action to help pollinators recover from population losses. This
includes a public education campaign to teach people ways that they can help
pollinators in their own homes or businesses.

USDA is already actively pursuing solutions to the multiple problems affecting
honey bee health. The Agricultural Research Service (ARS) maintains four
laboratories across the country conducting research into all aspects of bee
genetics, breeding, biology and physiology, with special focus on bee nutrition,
control of pathogens and parasites, the effects of pesticide exposure and the
interactions between each of these factors. The National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) supports bee research efforts through grants and research to
Land Grant Universities. The Animal Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)
conducts national honey bee pest and disease surveys and provides border
inspections to prevent new invasive bee pests from entering the U.S. The Farm
Service Agency (FSA) and NRCS work on improved forage and habitat for bees
through programs such as the Conservation Reserve Program (CRP) and EQIP.
Additionally, the Economic Research Service (ERS) is currently examining the
direct economic costs of the pollinator problem and the associated indirect
economic impacts, and the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS)
conducts limited surveys of honey production, number of colonies, price, and
value of production which provide some data essential for research by the other
agencies.

The CRP pollinator initiative, administered by the USDA Farm Service Agency
(FSA), takes advantage of the new pollinator seed mixes developed by the USDA
Natural Resources Conservation Service. FSA also recently announced the restart
of continuous enrollments in CRP, including its Pollinator Habitat Initiative to
enroll 100,000 acres of longer lasting meadows of high-quality native
wildflowers that support honey bees, pollinators and other wildlife populations.

For more information about new the pollinator initiative in the five Midwestern
states, the continuous enrollment in the Conservation Reserve Program, and the
pollinator habitat initiative, agricultural producers are encouraged to contact
their local FSA office or go online at www.fsa.usda.gov.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 10, 2017 Friday

Pittenger wants more flexibility on USDA grants

BYLINE: The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 350 words


March 10--WASHINGTON., D.C -- Rep. Robert Pittenger went before a U.S. House
subcommittee Thursday to ask for more eligibility flexibility regarding USDA
Rural Development grant and loan programs.

"I believe it is common sense that we create the necessary flexibility when
making these important determinations, and not prevent critical funding from
reaching those in need due to arbitrary population metrics," Pittenger, a
Republican who represents the 9th District, told the Subcommittee on
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related
Agencies.

All of Robeson County is in Pittenger's district.

The congressman explained that Robeson County is the poorest of all of North
Carolina's 100 counties, the most ethnically diverse, and the largest by
geography.

"These factors combined should alter how we determine grants, so we do not
preclude cities like Lumberton, the county seat of Robeson County, which is a
prime candidate for USDA Rural Development grants," Pittenger said. "As it
stands, Lumberton recently crossed the 20,000 population threshold, effectively
disqualifying the town from eligibility of programs like the Community
Facilities Direct Loan & Grant Program or Economic Impact Initiative Grants."

The county has been afflicted by slow economic growth, he said. It has been
identified by the USDA's Economic Research Service as a "persistent-poverty"
county in which at least 20 percent of the county's population has lived under
the federal poverty level for more than 30 years.

Pittenger ended his remarks to the subcommittee by saying, "I look forward to
working together with you to help find a solution to this national issue."

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

7:53 am

Updated: 11:12 am. |

Grand jury indicts Lumberton woman in fatal vehicle crash

6:48 am

Updated: 8:45 am. |

County leaders spend first day of retreat receiving department briefings

6:26 am

Updated: 8:30 am. |

St. Pauls board learns of $150,000 accounting error

___ (c)2017 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170310-QK-Pittenger-wants-more-flexibility-on-USDA-grants
-0310-20170310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2017 The Robesonian


                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $55 Million in Funding at The New York State
Tourism and Craft Beverage Summit

LENGTH: 2064  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Office of the Governor of New York has issued the following news
release:



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today hosted the New York State Tourism and Craft
Beverage Summit, where leaders in the tourism and craft beverage industries met
with state officials to explore new industry opportunities. At the summit, the
state's largest investment in tourism to date was unveiled - an unprecedented
$55 million dedicated to promoting New York's world-class attractions, drawing
more visitors, creating jobs and further growing the industry throughout the
Empire State.Initiatives announced at the event include new welcome centers in
every region of the state that will feature Taste NY markets and offer
locally-grown produce, and an additional $2 million in funding to promote
special events specifically related to agritourism and the craft beverage
industry. These announcements build on the administration's historic investments
in tourism and highlight the successful series of Tourism and Wine, Beer and
Spirits summits held in Albany since 2013.





 "Our investments in the tourism industry have paid dividends in every region
and with this unprecedented $55 million, we are keeping the momentum moving
forward," Governor Cuomo said. "With new welcome centers that will serve as
gateways to New York's unparalleled natural beauty, and with this new funding,
we are creating an interactive tourism experience that will keep visitors coming
back year after year. This summit builds on our administration's commitment to
tourism and helped to foster innovative ways to leverage our natural assets,
attract more visitors and garner economic activity across this great state."



 "As chair of the Regional Economic Development Councils, I have traveled to
every corner of the state and have seen first-hand the economic benefits of
investing in the tourism industry, which has now become our fourth largest
employment sector," said Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul. "Coupled with that
success is the seemingly exponential growth in the number of wineries,
breweries, distilleries and cideries, which not only bring jobs and tax revenue,
but also serve as major tourism drivers. By bringing together tourism,
agritourism and craft beverage leaders, we will streamline success and allow
these industries to continue to flourish in New York State."



 "Since taking office, Governor Cuomo has never wavered in his commitment to
investing in tourism, and the results have been tremendous," Empire State
Development President, CEO & Commissioner Howard Zemsky said. "Each year, we are
seeing more visitors traveling to New York State generating 894,000 jobs and
more than $63 billion in direct spending in our communities."



 "I'm proud of the impact Taste NY has had on not only promoting our growing
food and beverage industry and their innovative producers, but also boosting the
State's tourism economy," State Agriculture Commissioner Richard A. Ball said.
"As more consumers turn to local products for fresh, healthy and unique
varieties, they're looking to explore the State's farms, food and craft beverage
businesses behind these new favorites, sparking a renewed interest in
agritourism."



 "New York's resurgence in craft manufacturing took off following the Governor's
first Wine, Beer and Spirits Summit and continues to grow and thrive today,"
State Liquor Authority Chairman Vincent Bradley said. "By modernizing the law,
implementing regulatory reform and business friendly policies, New York craft
manufacturers continue to draw tourists and provide a positive economic impact
throughout the state."



 The event brought together hundreds of tourism and craft beverage experts to
discuss new approaches and strategies to increase visitation across the state's
11 vacation regions. Several topical breakout sessions were held in the
afternoon on vital tourism industry market segments. Based on the input of key
stakeholders, the Cuomo administration unveiled several new statewide
initiatives to build upon the success of previous summit projects. These new
ventures will build on the Governor's commitment to promote New York State as
the tourism capital of the world.As chair of the Regional Economic Development
Councils, I have traveled to every corner of the state and have seen first-hand
the economic benefits of investing in the tourism industry.Lieutenant Governor
Kathy Hochul



 WELCOME CENTERS: The new welcome centers will feature a Taste NY Market
offering locally-made and produced food and beverages and three interactive I
LOVE NEW YORK kiosks for visitors to learn about the region's history and
destinations. Travelers can create an itinerary based around regional
attractions and receive a copy by e-mail. New and improved welcome centers will
be opened in all regions throughout the state:



     Western New York - I-190 Grand Island

     Finger Lakes - Geneva Visitors and Events Center

     Central New York - Auburn Visitors Centerý

     Southern Tier - Broome Gateway Center

     Mohawk Valley - Lock 13, Canajoharie

     North Country - Thousand Islands International Tourism Council Visitor
Center

     Capital Region - I-90 westbound exits 11-12, Schodack; Northbound I-87
exits 17-18, Glens Falls

     Hudson Valley - I-84 Exits 16-17, Stormville

     New York City - Javits Center

     Long Island - Long Island Expressway between exits 51 and 52





 I LOVE NY @TRIBECA: A new I LOVE NY @Tribeca short film competition will invite
film students from across the state to submit ideas for a tourism-based video
themed around New York 's vacation regions. One idea for each of the eleven
tourism regions will be chosen to be produced. A panel of celebrity judges,
including Steve Buscemi, will award the best of the final videos.ý The program
has the support of Tribeca Film Festival co-founders Robert De Niro and Jane
Rosenthal. Winners of the competition will be announced during the 2017 Tribeca
Film Festival.



 HERITAGE TOURISM: New York State will celebrate two landmark anniversaries in
2017: 100 years of women's suffrage in New York, and the 200th anniversary of
the Erie Canal. These events will be commemorated with a pair of integrated Path
Through History promotions. Visitors will be led to attractions and events
commemorating the work of suffragettes who helped New York become the first
eastern state to grant women the right to vote, and the importance the Erie
Canal played in building New York's industry and trade.



 ENHANCED I LOVE NEW YORK APP: The official I LOVE NEW YORK app has already
proven to be very popular as the #1 destination marketing organization app in
the App Store. The app will be expanded with a new audio tour feature where
users will be able to download narrated walking and driving tours featuring top
New York State attractions. The tours will feature a live map, walking and
driving directions, and immersive multimedia content. Visitors will be
encouraged to snap photos at each stop on the tour through integration with the
phone or tablet camera, and to share them through social media and email.



 ACCESSIBLE TOURISM: New York State wants to be sure that anyone, regardless of
physical limitations, disabilities or age, can enjoy its world-class attractions
and events. By launching a new initiative to welcome these travelers, New York
State can reach out to this $17.3 billion market. Plans include expanded
accessibility information that will be available to travelers on the official I
LOVE NEW YORK app and website, and providing technical assistance training to
Tourism Promotion Agents and destinations.



 MARKET NY: Funding for the Market NY program will increase to $15 million with
$2 million allocated specifically on agritourism and the craft beverage
industry. The new round of tourism grants will be dedicated to promoting
destinations, attractions and special events focused on craft beverages and
agritourism. The grants will include funding for advertising, media production
costs, industry-related press tours and marketing materials, along with website
design, development and updates.



 INCREASED TASTE NY EXPOSURE: Taste NY's presence at the 2013 PGA Championship
at Rochester's Oak Hill Country Club led to increased tourism at farm-based
craft beverage operators. To capitalize on this, $500,000 will be allocated for
a new special events agritourism marketing initiative. Using these funds, Taste
NY will have a presence at key events and festivals, targeting audiences who are
receptive to visiting craft breweries, wineries and other agritourism
destinations across New York State.



 Senator Patty Ritchie, Chair of the Senate Committee on Agriculture said, "When
it comes to the craft beverage industry, good-tasting, locally produced wines,
beers, spirits and cider are just the tip of the iceberg. This rapidly growing
industry encourages the growth of New York's agriculture and tourism industries,
as well as creates jobs and boosts local economies statewide. I have been
pleased to advocate for funding to support craft beverage producers and would
like to thank the Governor and Commissioner Ball for recognizing how much
potential the industry has for growth in the future."



 Senator Rich Funke, Chair of the Senate Committee on Tourism said, "The tourism
and craft beverage industries are booming here at home in the Finger Lakes
Region and all across New York State. As, it's always great to hear from the
experts in the field who are working to attract visitors, jobs, and investment
to our state every day. My thanks to Governor Cuomo for hosting today's summit."




 Senator Betty Little said, "The tourism and craft beverage industries have been
experiencing tremendous growth across the state, which is creating new jobs
while strengthening local economies and our communities. I thank Governor Cuomo
for his continued support for growing and promoting these industries,
particularly in Upstate New York."



 Assemblyman Bill Magee, Chair of the Assembly Committee on Agriculture said, "I
have witnessed the blending of agriculture and tourism in my district. The
success of the craft food and beverage movement has brought renewed interest in
farming, and farmers are opening their doors to the public. Agritourism is
rejuvenating upstate farmlands and businesses and has become a major contributor
to our upstate economy."



 Assemblywoman Margaret Markey, Chair of the Assembly Committee on Tourism,
Parks, Arts and Sports Development, said, "It is great news that Governor Cuomo
continues to expand funding for initiatives to promote tourism and New York
State agricultural and food products. Year after year, we have attracted new
visitors to enjoy the wonders of our state and watched it pay off in new jobs
and local and regional economic growth."



 About Tourism in New York State

 Governor Cuomo's steadfast support for boosting tourism has resulted in
industry-wide growth, including visitors, jobs and revenue. Today's announcement
is a $5 million increase from 2015 and represents one of the nation's largest
state investments in tourism. New York State has benefitted tremendously from
these investments, with total economic impact increasing by more than 25 percent
since 2010.For the second straight year, the tourism industry's total economic
impact eclipsed $100 billion, growing to a record $102 billion in 2015. Last
year alone, New York welcomed 234 million visitors who brought more than $63
billion in direct spending. Governor Cuomo's $150 million investment has
returned an additional $9 billion increase in direct visitor spending to $63
billion.



 The craft beverage industry has experienced unprecedented growth under the
guidance and direction of Governor Cuomo, who has approved several measures and
implemented significant reforms to promote and expand the industry. New York
State is now home to more than 900 wineries, breweries, distilleries and
cideries. The number of farm wineries in New York has increased by more than 60
percent, from 195 in 2010 to 316 today. Additionally, the number of
microbreweries has grown by 285 percent, from 40 in 2010 to 154, while the
number of farm distilleries grew from just 10 in 2010 to 98 today. Farm-based
craft beverage producers have grown by 178 percent since 2011, from 205 to 570
manufacturers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Region's cultural industry good for economy, study shows

BYLINE: Colin Dabkowski; News Arts Critic

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 615 words


When it comes to convincing skeptical politicians, private foundations and
citizens that culture is a serious economic driver, Western New York arts
advocates have a new weapon in their arsenal.

The Buffalo-based Arts Services Initiative today announced the completion of a
new study measuring the economic oomph of the region's not-for-profit cultural
industry. The report, conducted by Rochester's Center for Governmental Research,
concluded that the local cultural industry produces the equivalent of 2,900
full-time jobs, $87.4 million in labor income and $4.3 million in local and
state tax revenues. It was funded by a $25,000 grant from the New York Community
Trust and included 105 organizations in Erie, Niagara, Chautauqua, Cattaraugus
and Allegany counties.

The report, said ASI Executive Director Tod A. Kniazuk, equips the cultural
sector with sober-minded, up-to-date data about its effect on the regional
economy. The last major report on the economic impact of arts and culture,
conducted by the advocacy group Americans for the Arts, dates from 2007.

"Periodically, it's important to quantify the impact, quantify the return on
investment," Kniazuk said. "Obviously the minute you release something like
this, it starts to get stale. It's sort of like when you drive a car off the
lot, it immediately depreciates. We were very aware of that and wanted to give
people the freshest data we possibly could, knowing that this data will be used
for a few years now."

Notably, the study did not tally the impact of touring productions or musical
acts such as those that come to Shea's Performing Arts Center or the University
at Buffalo Center for the Arts, or the region's many concert venues.

For Kniazuk, aside from the general acknowledgment of the role arts and culture
plays in the region's economic renaissance, the report contained a couple of
unexpected pieces of good news.

On average, people attending cultural events spent $17.77 beyond the ticket
price. And, significantly, 19 percent of audiences for events at the 105
organizations included in the report came from outside of Western New York."One
of the biggest surprises for me is how good the audience spending is," Kniazuk
said. "When you look especially on the out-of-town audience spending"- $52.10
per person - "that to me is the potential growth industry for the
sector."Randall Kramer, the executive director of MusicalFare Theatre and
president of the ASI board, said the study will help keep culture in the
conversation as the region continues its apparent economic revival.

"I think the more that we talk about the economic impact of the arts in a way
that is very objective and specific, that only helps our sector. Because there
is a real impact, and a tangible impact and a measurable impact," Kramer said.
"What it does is it takes us out of the cultural niche and injects us into the
entire community from an economic perspective, and that is key."

But Kniazuk warned against viewing arts and culture from a purely economic
perspective, noting that many of the benefits of investing public and private
money in arts organizations are equally important more difficult to measure.

"Economic impact is important. We have to quantify it, and I think it's right to
quantify it, but there's so many other impacts that the cultural sector has,"
Kniazuk said. Other, less tangible benefits, he added, include "tourism,
education and veterans services, health services, national and international
recognition, obviously community service and then of course the fact that the
'product' we produce actually inspires people and actually makes them think,
too. All of that's the real impact."

email: cdabkowski@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Ballet, conservatory get million-dollar aid

BYLINE: by BILL ZLATOS

LENGTH: 257 words


More dance space for budding ballerinas at the Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre and
extra room to prepare plants at Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens are
among 17 causes receiving state grants, Gov. Tom Corbett announced on Monday.

The efforts are among 58 receiving more than $133 million in Economic Growth
Initiative grants. The projects, chosen on the basis of their job-creating
potential, economic impact and readiness to start construction, range from
$500,000 to $5 million.

The Ballet Theatre received $1 million to help build a 17,000-square-foot annex
with three dance studios next to its headquarters in the Strip District.
Executive Director Harris Ferris said the expansion would allow the ballet to
increase the number of students it serves from 1,000 to 1,600 over three years.

&quote;We're not only training dancers but building future dancers and ballet
enthusiasts,&quote; Ferris said.

Phipps plans to use its $1.5 million grant to develop its lower campus, which
includes the Center for Sustainable Landscapes. The grant will help pay for
renovating the old public works building, which will be used for preparing
plants for exhibition in the greenhouses.

&quote;It's not all the money we need, but it gives us a good start for
finishing this project,&quote; said Richard Piacentini, executive director of
Phipps. He said Phipps still needs to raise about $5 million of the $23 million
cost for the entire project.

Bill Zlatos is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-320-7828 or bzlatos@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Niagara This Week

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Niagara Sport Commission a Trillium finalist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 349  words


The Ontario Trillium Foundation has named a Niagara sporting organization as a
finalist for its Great Grants Awards, which recognizes past grant recipients
that have demonstrated exceptional results and have had an impact on their
communities. The <a
href="http://www.niagarasportcommission.com/#link%20to:%20Niagara%20Sports%20Com
mission%20website" target="_blank">Niagara Sport Commission is one of 17
finalists for the 2012 Great Grants Awards, which will be distributed at a
ceremony in Toronto on March 23. The commission was selected from 4,500 groups
that received Trillium foundation support between April 2006 and December 2010.
In all, eight awards will be handed out at the ceremony, for which Ontario
Tourism, Culture and Sport Minister MPP Michael Chan will be present. The
commission is one of three nominated under the Sports and Recreation category.
Other categories include arts and culture, environment, and human and social
services.

The Niagara Sport Commission was developed with Heart Niagara and works to
attract and manage major sport events, such as the upcoming 2015 Pan Am Games,
while also assisting local sport clubs with their events, conducting economic
impact studies and assisting in the recruitment and training of volunteers.

The commission uses interns from Niagara College and Brock University and builds
partnerships between sport, business, tourism and community organizations - all
while promoting sport and physical activity programs. In 2009, the Trillium
foundation awarded the commission a community grant of $144,000 over two years.
There are also four other awards: the Minister's Award, the Chair's Award, the
CEO's Award, and the People's Choice Award. In the latter category, 18 different
organizations with youth-focused initiatives are nominated. Among them is
Niagara's TALK - Teams of Adults Listening to Kids c/o Niagara Pride Support
Services.

Voting for the People's Choice Award closed on Feb. 29. To vote, visit the
Trillium <a
href="http://otf.ca/en/Newsmodule/index.aspx?newsId=5lA5HjnptyVlehBifZNc16YrOgeQ
uAleQuAl" target="_blank">website .

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday

Schuylkill River Trail to enhance Haven Revitalization

BYLINE: Leslie Richardson, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 788 words


June 21--SCHUYLKILL HAVEN -- About 25 Schuylkill Haven residents attended the
quarterly mayor's meeting Monday giving suggestions about a proposed walking
loop that will add to several community and economic revitalization projects
already in the works.

Kay Jones, interim executive director of Schuylkill County's VISION, led the
discussion of the Heritage Towns and Tours Program. VISION was brought on board
by Schuylkill Haven to connect the community and the county to the trail
program.

"During the Trails Towns conference we attended, they said we had a choice to be
a town along the trail or a trail town," Jones said. "This is a great
opportunity for us to get some grant money up here and continue the
revitalization."

The vision of the Schuylkill Haven Heritage Action Plan Committee is to
revitalize the borough through the preservation and promotion of its historic,
cultural and natural treasures while promoting tourism.

Schuylkill Haven received a $2,000 grant through the Schuylkill River National
and State Heritage area's new Heritage Towns and Tours initiative.

The grant comes from funding from the William Penn Foundation and is intended to
support communities along the Schuylkill River land and water trails.

The parts of the trail that have already been established have been found to be
an effective economic driver in the communities through which the trail passes.

Part of the plan involves community input and Monday was the time for residents
to give feedback about the "Heritage Loop" that will take locals and tourists
passed all Schuylkill Haven has to offer.

Jones said the route of the loop has not been established but the committee
thinks the loop should take people on a tour of the historical, natural and
cultural assets of the community.

"We need to come up with ways to think of Schuylkill Haven that would be
inviting to tourists. There are a number of committees already revitalizing
Haven for people from this area, now it's time to expand to get some tourists
from all over the eastern United States to use the trail and visit Schuylkill
Haven," Jones said.

The borough is in the process of a five-phase revitalization project that
includes the Island project, Schuylkill River project, the Walk-In Art Center,
the Route 61 corridor and downtown revitalization.

Schuylkill Haven Mayor Gary Hess said the effort is like a wheel with the
downtown as the hub, the current revitalizations initiatives as the spokes and
the trail program "the rim that holds it all together."

On Monday, the group discussed projects to be completed to enhance the tourists'
and locals' experience.

From low cost projects like creating a brochure about the history of the
community and calendar of events, to much larger efforts like building a bridge
to connect Main Street to the Island, everything must be mapped out and ready
when funding comes available.

"This isn't something that is going to happen overnight," Jones said. "Some
projects we can get started on almost immediately. Others will happen when money
is available. There are all kinds of things we can do once we get this energy
going."

The group came up with a list of things they believed would enhance the trail.

A bike shop, canoe rentals, restaurants, bed and breakfasts, benches, path
markers, and rest rooms were all discussed.

Jones said she is hoping that civic groups, young people, church organizations
and private citizens take part in creating the trail town atmosphere.

"All of our current efforts and current groups that have worked so hard are all
working hand-in-hand with this, we aren't working against each other," Hess
said.

The heritage area's vision is to have a network of communities using their
historical, environmental and recreational resources to enhance visitors'
experiences, improve residents' quality of life and increase the positive
economic impact of these resources.

The heritage area covers Schuylkill, Berks, Chester, Montgomery and Philadelphia
counties.

The 130-mile trail is proposed to connect Philadelphia to the Schuylkill River
headwaters in Schuylkill County.

Currently, small portions in Schuylkill County are complete including the
seven-mile Bartram Trail from Hamburg to Auburn and a section near Landingville.

"The largest piece of trail is done around Philadelphia and we are just
beginning to put our trail together in Schuylkill County," Jones said.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110621-RN-Schuylkill-River-Trail-to-enhance-Haven-Revitalization-0621-20110621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2011 Republican & Herald


                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                           September 16, 2013 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

D2N2 prepares to open coffers for job creation initiatives

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 20,21

LENGTH: 273 words


A FUND which allows organisations to apply for grants of up to £2.5m to
kick-start stalled job-creating developments is now open to companies in Notts.
D2N2's Growing Places Fund is a sustainable cash stream allowing organisations
to apply for funding to invest in physical infrastructure to support
developments, and tackle site constraints order to create jobs. Over time, the
cash is paid back to the D2N2 Local Enterprise Partnership so it can make
further investment supporting economic growth. Expressions of interest are being
invited for schemes requiring up to £2.5m to kick-start development, but
projects outside this range may be considered if they deliver exceptional
outputs or exception for value for money. D2N2 chief executive David Ralph said:
"I am pleased the Growing Places Fund is now inviting further applications for
business and we look forward to receiving expressions of interest for schemes
that fit our strategic priorities and, with support from the fund, will bring
jobs and economic growth to our area.

"We will be looking at a number of factors when making decisions about which
schemes to support, including their economic impact and how quickly investments
can be repaid to support other schemes. Anyone thinking of applying should
download the guidance from our website and, if suitable, submit an expression of
interest. I would also urge them to work closely with their local authorities."

An Expression of Interest form and guidance is available at www.d2n2lep.org/GPF
together with information about key contacts.

Expressions of interest must be submitted by noon on Friday October 25.

Pleased: David Ralph

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEP


                     Copyright 2013 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Aldermen retreat to focus on downtown, First Street development

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 718 words


March 10--New Bern aldermen will conduct their annual retreat Saturday to
discuss everything from the property tax revaluation to the proposed City
Market.

The retreat starts at 8 a.m. in the Development Services Building at 303 First
St.

After a presentation on the recently completed tax revaluation, the board will
get an update on the UNC School of Government Development Finance Initiative, a
$110,000 consultant project about possible development projects in the downtown
area.

The feasibility analysis looks at possibly developing a parking lot in front of
City Hall, retail or office buildings in an area between City Hall and Broad
Street, retail and residential at the intersection of Craven and South Front
streets, and development of the current Farmers Market site.

Mark Stephens, city manager, presented the Board of Aldermen with another study
in December done by RKG Associates for $5,000 that showed the UNC School of
Government Development Finance Initiative could result in a $33 million-to-$57
million economic impact for the city.

RKG Associates also has done economic studies for Craven County and Havelock,
and it helped get the current Committee of 100 started.

However, downtown merchants, visitors and vendors have raised concerns about the
possibility of moving the Farmers Market from its current site on South Front
Street to make room for development. A petition opposing the move collected more
than 17,000 signatures.

According to the economic impact study, the Farmers Market site has the highest
potential of the four sites for residential ownership and retail-grocery
development.

During the estimated eight years of construction, if development goes forward on
the projects, the plan is expected to create 50 to 150 jobs annually in
construction, depending on the cost and square footage. Those jobs would end
when the final site is developed, Stephens said in December.

Employment in the developments, once completed, could be 388 to 846 people. The
Craven and South Front streets site has the greatest employment potential with a
possible mix of dining and office uses, according to the study.

After a break Saturday in the discussions and then an update on legislative
issues and how they might affect the city budget, aldermen will hear from
Development Services about the proposed City Market on First Street, the First
Street Corridor and a discussion of bids for city-owned property.

The proposed City Market is a concept to reuse 4.6 acres of the old utilities
warehouse site on First Street that could include a business incubator area for
things such as agriculture, food sales, arts and crafts and small-scale
manufacturing.

City staff envisions the market area also would have mobile food vendors, a
stage for entertainment, indoor and open-air market space, restrooms and a cafe,
workshops, landscaped areas, and about 160 parking spaces, according to the City
Market concept plan.

Development Services also will discuss the proposed First Street Project that
stretches from Pembroke to Broad Street.

- The New Bern Area Metropolitan Planning Organization submitted the project as
part of the 2018-27 Strategic Transportation Investments Program.

The MPO plan proposes to reduce the number of lanes on First Street from Broad
Street to Pembroke Avenue from four to three, which would include a center turn
lane, and to provide sidewalks and striped bicycle lanes on both sides of the
corridor.

Cost estimates, according to the plan, include $416,625 for sidewalks, $164,970
for street resurfacing, $10,664 for edge milling, $20,500 for restriping, $6,500
for traffic control resurfacing and restriping, $25,000 for landscaping, $5,000
for relocating wayfinding signs and other miscellaneous signs, and $60,000 for
easement acquisitions of 12 properties (at $5,000 each).

In February, the Board of Aldermen agreed to spend $260,000 as a local match for
the projects in hopes of getting a $800,000 grant through Strategic
Transportation Investments that are part of the state's 10-year Transportation
Improvement Program, or TIP.

Eddie Fitzgerald can be reached at 252-635-5675 and you can follow him on
Twitter @EFitzgeraldNBSJ

___ (c)2016 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160310-NS-Aldermen-retreat-to-focus-on-downtown-First-Street-development-0310-
20160310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2016 Sun Journal


                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

Microsoft introduces project to spark innovation among creative Thai youths

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 659 words


The Nation

Microsoft (Thailand) is helping young entrepreneurs become more innovative with
a project aimed at enhancing their information and communication technology
skills.

The project is part of a collaborative approach that aims to give them the
skills to successfully run small and medium-sized enterprises.

YouthSpark â[#x20ac]" Enhancing ICT for Youth SMEs in Thailand â[#x20ac]" is now
in its third year. It is a partnership between Microsoft and the Population and
Community Development Association and the Thailand Research Centre of
Communication and Development Knowledge Management.

It targets entrepreneurs aged 18 to 24 by equipping them with e-commerce and
e-business skills as well as the benefits of technology in business.

Microsoft's YouthSpark is a global initiative committed to helping young people
worldwide create and seize opportunities.

This year in Thailand, a Bt2 million grant will be used to implement ICT skills
training sessions for more than 700 young entrepreneurs.

Since the initiative was established in 2013, it has reached over 48,000 youth
in Thailand and resulted in over 120 business weblogs being created for startup
businesses.

With an estimated 36 million unemployed youths in Asia and against the backdrop
of the full implementation of the Asean Economic Community this year, the
initiative has recognised that the need to create more opportunities for youths
to enter the workforce has become increasingly crucial.

Research by the World Bank highlighted that 70 per cent of jobs globally are
created by SMEs, reinforcing the critical need to foster entrepreneurship among
youths.

The training sessions will include coding lessons designed to stimulate
creativity, logical problem solving and critical thinking skills among young
Thais.

Organised in the form of classroom training, online learning and distance
learning held through a virtual presence in a traditional education setting, the
training sessions will be held in 12 provinces: Bangkok, Buri Ram, Chiang Mai,
Chon Buri, Khon Kean, Krabi, Nakhon Ratchasima, Nakhon Sawan, Nakhon Si
Thammarat, Phetchaburi, Phichit and Prachuap Khiri Khan.

Somsak Mukdavannakorn, public sector director for Microsoft (Thailand), said
that as Thailand accelerated towards a digital economy, young entrepreneurs
needed to enhance their competitiveness through the use of ICT in their
businesses.

He said they needed to apply e-commerce and e-business skills to reach a global
audience, and be able to seize opportunities in a hyper-connected, mobile world.

"Through our partnership with PDA and CCDKM, the Microsoft YouthSpark initiative
will empower young Thai entrepreneurs by providing the tools, resources and
facilities necessary to realise new opportunities of employability and
entrepreneurship," said Somsak.

In addition to the training sessions, the PDA's Mechai Pattana School in Buri
Ram will also receive 26 laptops to enhance students' learning experiences and
equip them with technology skills relevant in today's digital age.

Mechai Viravaidya, PDA chairman, said that the Mechai Pattana School's vision is
to create an environment where students from poor, rural communities can fulfil
their potential through creativity skills, new ideas and current technology.

Under Microsoft's YouthSpark initiative, the tools, resources and facilities
made available to these students will help them secure a viable future, improve
their quality of life and in the long run, eradicate poverty.

Kamolrat Intaratat, chair of the Asia Pacific Telecentre Network (APTN) and
director of CCDKM, said that CCDKM is committed to bridging the digital divide
and utilising the advantage of ICT to create a positive social and economic
impact amongst marginalised communities in Thailand.

"In the three years that the initiative has been running, it has been seen how
local youth have benefited from the ICT training and resources in order to be
more productive and relevant to compete in Asean," said Kamolrat.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

Microsoft introduces project to spark innovation among creative Thai youths

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 659 words


The Nation

Microsoft (Thailand) is helping young entrepreneurs become more innovative with
a project aimed at enhancing their information and communication technology
skills.

The project is part of a collaborative approach that aims to give them the
skills to successfully run small and medium-sized enterprises.

YouthSpark â[#x20ac]" Enhancing ICT for Youth SMEs in Thailand â[#x20ac]" is now
in its third year. It is a partnership between Microsoft and the Population and
Community Development Association and the Thailand Research Centre of
Communication and Development Knowledge Management.

It targets entrepreneurs aged 18 to 24 by equipping them with e-commerce and
e-business skills as well as the benefits of technology in business.

Microsoft's YouthSpark is a global initiative committed to helping young people
worldwide create and seize opportunities.

This year in Thailand, a Bt2 million grant will be used to implement ICT skills
training sessions for more than 700 young entrepreneurs.

Since the initiative was established in 2013, it has reached over 48,000 youth
in Thailand and resulted in over 120 business weblogs being created for startup
businesses.

With an estimated 36 million unemployed youths in Asia and against the backdrop
of the full implementation of the Asean Economic Community this year, the
initiative has recognised that the need to create more opportunities for youths
to enter the workforce has become increasingly crucial.

Research by the World Bank highlighted that 70 per cent of jobs globally are
created by SMEs, reinforcing the critical need to foster entrepreneurship among
youths.

The training sessions will include coding lessons designed to stimulate
creativity, logical problem solving and critical thinking skills among young
Thais.

Organised in the form of classroom training, online learning and distance
learning held through a virtual presence in a traditional education setting, the
training sessions will be held in 12 provinces: Bangkok, Buri Ram, Chiang Mai,
Chon Buri, Khon Kean, Krabi, Nakhon Ratchasima, Nakhon Sawan, Nakhon Si
Thammarat, Phetchaburi, Phichit and Prachuap Khiri Khan.

Somsak Mukdavannakorn, public sector director for Microsoft (Thailand), said
that as Thailand accelerated towards a digital economy, young entrepreneurs
needed to enhance their competitiveness through the use of ICT in their
businesses.

He said they needed to apply e-commerce and e-business skills to reach a global
audience, and be able to seize opportunities in a hyper-connected, mobile world.

"Through our partnership with PDA and CCDKM, the Microsoft YouthSpark initiative
will empower young Thai entrepreneurs by providing the tools, resources and
facilities necessary to realise new opportunities of employability and
entrepreneurship," said Somsak.

In addition to the training sessions, the PDA's Mechai Pattana School in Buri
Ram will also receive 26 laptops to enhance students' learning experiences and
equip them with technology skills relevant in today's digital age.

Mechai Viravaidya, PDA chairman, said that the Mechai Pattana School's vision is
to create an environment where students from poor, rural communities can fulfil
their potential through creativity skills, new ideas and current technology.

Under Microsoft's YouthSpark initiative, the tools, resources and facilities
made available to these students will help them secure a viable future, improve
their quality of life and in the long run, eradicate poverty.

Kamolrat Intaratat, chair of the Asia Pacific Telecentre Network (APTN) and
director of CCDKM, said that CCDKM is committed to bridging the digital divide
and utilising the advantage of ICT to create a positive social and economic
impact amongst marginalised communities in Thailand.

"In the three years that the initiative has been running, it has been seen how
local youth have benefited from the ICT training and resources in order to be
more productive and relevant to compete in Asean," said Kamolrat.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Coalition launches push to drive students to higher ed, boost college savings

BYLINE: Nick McCrea BDN Staff

LENGTH: 443 words


BANGOR, Maine -- A coalition of Maine business and education leaders have joined
forces in hopes of boosting the number of Mainers going to college and avoid
hefty debt that might keep them from finishing.


Currently, about 43 percent of Maine's workforce has some sort of higher
education credential, ranging from welding certifications to graduate degrees.


"That number is way low," said Bruce Wagner, CEO of the Finance Authority of
Maine.


During a Friday event in Portland, FAME, the Maine State Chamber of Commerce,
and local education and political leaders announced an initiative aimed at
pushing that percentage to 60 by 2030. They're calling it Invest in ME 2030.


"Today, we want to draw statewide attention to the economic impact an
undereducated workforce and growing student debt are having on our state and
stress the importance of starting to save for college or any form of
postsecondary education early," said Ben Gilman, senior government relations
specialist at the chamber of commerce.


About 64 percent of Maine's college graduates leave school with debt. That debt
averages out to $31,000 per student, the seventh-highest rate of debt in the
nation, according to the Institute of College Access and Success.


That level of debt can serve as a significant barrier to obtaining a degree and,
ultimately, entering the workforce. One way of overcoming that is to ensure
families start saving for college early on.


"If you look at college statistics, children with savings are six times more
likely to go to college," Wagner said. That's true even if the savings is small.


To hit the 60-percent-by-2030 goal, the coalition announced several initiatives:


-- A new scholarship program that will offer $1,000 awards to 16 Mainers, one
for each county. Those interested in receiving the scholarship will enter a
sweepstakes, and the winner will be randomly selected. More information is
available at NetGenForMe.com.


-- The launch of TheLoanForMe.com, which is meant to be the "ultimate student
loan resource for Maine," to help guide families and students to borrow wisely,
find scholarships and keep their debt down.


-- Bolstering and promoting the NextGen savings account, a Section 529 college
savings program administered by FAME. That savings account can start out at
birth with a $500 education grant from the Harold Alfond Foundation. For every
$600 a family contributes to the account, FAME will match up to $300 in each
calendar year. Wagner said few Maine families are taking advantage of these
opportunities, so the coalition hopes to do a better job of promoting these
programs and making them accessible.


Follow NIck McCrea on Twitter at @nmccrea213.


Â

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Coalition launches push to drive students to higher ed, boost college savings

BYLINE: Nick McCrea BDN Staff

LENGTH: 443 words


BANGOR, Maine -- A coalition of Maine business and education leaders have joined
forces in hopes of boosting the number of Mainers going to college and avoid
hefty debt that might keep them from finishing.


Currently, about 43 percent of Maine's workforce has some sort of higher
education credential, ranging from welding certifications to graduate degrees.


"That number is way low," said Bruce Wagner, CEO of the Finance Authority of
Maine.


During a Friday event in Portland, FAME, the Maine State Chamber of Commerce,
and local education and political leaders announced an initiative aimed at
pushing that percentage to 60 by 2030. They're calling it Invest in ME 2030.


"Today, we want to draw statewide attention to the economic impact an
undereducated workforce and growing student debt are having on our state and
stress the importance of starting to save for college or any form of
postsecondary education early," said Ben Gilman, senior government relations
specialist at the chamber of commerce.


About 64 percent of Maine's college graduates leave school with debt. That debt
averages out to $31,000 per student, the seventh-highest rate of debt in the
nation, according to the Institute of College Access and Success.


That level of debt can serve as a significant barrier to obtaining a degree and,
ultimately, entering the workforce. One way of overcoming that is to ensure
families start saving for college early on.


"If you look at college statistics, children with savings are six times more
likely to go to college," Wagner said. That's true even if the savings is small.


To hit the 60-percent-by-2030 goal, the coalition announced several initiatives:


-- A new scholarship program that will offer $1,000 awards to 16 Mainers, one
for each county. Those interested in receiving the scholarship will enter a
sweepstakes, and the winner will be randomly selected. More information is
available at NetGenForMe.com.


-- The launch of TheLoanForMe.com, which is meant to be the "ultimate student
loan resource for Maine," to help guide families and students to borrow wisely,
find scholarships and keep their debt down.


-- Bolstering and promoting the NextGen savings account, a Section 529 college
savings program administered by FAME. That savings account can start out at
birth with a $500 education grant from the Harold Alfond Foundation. For every
$600 a family contributes to the account, FAME will match up to $300 in each
calendar year. Wagner said few Maine families are taking advantage of these
opportunities, so the coalition hopes to do a better job of promoting these
programs and making them accessible.


Follow NIck McCrea on Twitter at @nmccrea213.


Â

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Congresswoman Terri A. Sewell Announces Small Socially Disadvantaged Producer
Grant Awarded to the Alabama State Association of Cooperatives

LENGTH: 240  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Terri Sewell, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Today, Congresswoman Terri Sewell (D-AL) announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture is awarding $200,000 in grant funding to the Alabama State
Association of Cooperatives. The funding will be used to expand support to
cooperatives in the Black Belt and is part of theSmall Socially Disadvantaged
Producer Grant (SSDPG) program.

"I am pleased that the Alabama State Association of Cooperatives will receive
this funding to continue its initiatives to create new opportunities for
disadvantaged farmers in Alabama's Black Belt Region," said Rep. Sewell. "The
funding will also allow the association to provide continuous support to the
farming industry by serving as a means of sustainability and survival for many
communities in the Black Belt.

John Zippert of the Alabama State Association of Cooperatives expressed his
appreciation for the funding and highlighted the economic impact of
assistingsocially disadvantaged producers.

"We will work to improve marketing and business practices for participants so we
can raise the income of these producers," Zippert said. "We welcome the
producers in the 7th Congressional District to contact us for assistance because
the goal is to help as many people as possible."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday
                              TUE REGIONAL Edition

Small business gets boost

BYLINE: Howard Pankratz

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 574 words


Denver Mayor Michael Hancock on Monday unveiled a one-year economic-development
plan aimed at retaining the city's top businesses and helping small businesses
thrive.

The JumpStart 2012 plan includes a proposal to inject $20 million into small
businesses by creating a master Community Development Finance Institution that
would funnel money to groups that lend to small businesses.

The fund would be supported by entities such as the U.S. Treasury, banks,
foundations, investors and the city itself, said Paul Washington, executive
director of the Denver Office of Economic Development. That money would be
funneled directly into Denver small businesses by smaller CDFIs -- entities that
already exist to lend to small businesses.

"We want to be the small-business capital of the world," said Hancock, who
unveiled the plan at Battery621, a building occupied by 15 entrepreneurial
companies.

Washington stressed that the $20 million CDFI plan is separate from the city's
Community Development Block Grant Funding, where some borrowers have fallen
behind in payments. The default rate on the block grants is 14 percent but is
expected to be 10 percent by the end of 2012, he said.

On the other hand, the $20 million loan program will be overseen by a number of
CDFIs whose lending track records include few defaults.

The seven pillars of JumpStart 2012 are business retention, small-business
advocacy, business recruitment, sustainable neighborhood development, business
lending, key strategic projects and workforce development.

Hancock said a priority will be retention of Denver companies, including the
largest private and nonprofit employers; high-growth sector companies; and firms
with soon-to-expire leases.

Also a priority are strategic projects including 9,200 acres of developable land
surrounding Denver International Airport. The area represents the single largest
commercial development opportunity in the city and presents a unique opportunity
for advance manufacturing facilities, particularly in aerospace, defense and
clean tech.

Tom Clark, chief executive of the Metro Denver Economic Development Corp.,
characterized the overall plan as "very sound."

"It covers everything you need to cover in a good economic plan," he said. "It
also integrates other pieces, specifically housing and workforce. It allows the
city to go into areas using their own resources such as developing
neighborhoods."

Howard Pankratz: 303-954-1939or hpankratz@denverpost.com

------------------------------------------------------------

Initiatives of Jump Start 2012 Denver Mayor Michael Hancock's economic plan:

Business retention: Retain and strengthen Denver-based companies.

Small-business advocacy: Create an environment to help small businesses thrive
through collaboration among public, private and nonprofit sectors.

Business recruitment: Increase the number and quality of companies that relocate
to Denver.

Sustainable neighborhood development: Drive strategic investment in
neighborhoods hardest hit by the recession to develop eco-friendly affordable
housing and sustainable economic development.

Business lending: Make the Business Lending Program a key tool for advancing
economic-development strategy.

Key strategic projects: Execute strategic projects and small-business
opportunity initiatives to maximize the positive economic impact on Denver.

Workforce development: Establish Denver as the city with the most highly skilled
and productive workforce.

LOAD-DATE: February 03, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Employees of the Public Works are in their open-concepts work space at
the collective startup building Battery621. Mayor Michael Hancock used the
building for his launch of JumpStart 2012, an economic-development plan for the
city. Photos by Kathryn Scott Osler, The Denver Post
Hancock announces JumpStart 2012 on Monday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                               May 7, 2004 Friday

Public-private group to award $100M in federal tax credits

BYLINE: Sean Ryan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words


Next year, a public-private group will be ready to dish out Wisconsin's $100
million in federal tax credits to projects that create jobs and stimulate
development.

The Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority and Milwaukee-based
Legacy Bank, which spearheaded the grant application, will head the Wisconsin
Community Development Legacy Fund, which will decide who will get the tax
credits. The organization will also have directors from the Wisconsin Women's
Business Initiative Corp., Menomonee Valley Partners, Wisconsin Department of
Commerce, WISPARK LLC, Greater Milwaukee Committee and others.

Last year, Tom Barrett, now Milwaukee's mayor, helped organize the partnership
that applied for $300 million in New Market Tax Credits from the U.S. Department
of the Treasury. The department gave Wisconsin $100 million out of the $15
billion it awarded nationally.

"(In 2003), southeastern Wisconsin received zero, and the primary reason we
received zero was that nobody applied for any money," Barrett said. "The key was
asking for the money. The problem in the past was we weren't aggressive enough
in going after the dollars."

Low-income areas targeted

Projects will be awarded tax credits based on federal guidelines that focus on
economic impact on the surrounding area, job creation, financial structure and
how much the owner needs it to move the project forward. The projects must be in
low-income areas. The credits give projects a 5 percent or 6 percent tax break
each year for seven years.

Antonio Riley, WHEDA executive director, said his agency would try to combine
the federal tax credits with state-funded tax breaks so projects could benefit
from their combination.

"It's designed as a complement to what we're currently doing," he said. "That
was the whole idea for us for going after the tax credits."

There were a number of projects or entities listed in the grant application as
potential recipients of the credits, many of which will help direct the
Community Development Legacy Fund. Among them are WISPARK's PabstCity project,
Legacy Bancorp. and the Wisconsin Women's Business Initiative Corp.

While the fund directors will have to apply to receive the credits,
representatives of both WHEDA and Legacy said it looks like they'll get
something.

"I'm sure that now that we've got these credits, the calls will be coming in,"
Riley said. "We have to prioritize which projects we are going to do."

The Milwaukee Department of City Development is another director in the Legacy
Fund organization. Barrett said the DCD would be promoting projects in the city
to receive the credits.

"We're going to be working with Legacy and with WHEDA because there's a lot of
developments that touch base with the city and work through the city," Barrett
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           November 7, 2007 Wednesday

Biotech plan good for state, county

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 454 words


Kudos to Gov. Patrick for his proposal for $1 billion supporting biotechnology
research and development during the coming decade. If implemented, this
initiative will provide a major and lasting economic impact extending even to
the Berkshires.

There are several reasons to support this initiative.

First, biotech offers an unprecedented growth opportunity. It is a
research-intensive industry requiring a well-educated, skilled and well-paid
work force. Second, biotech is a clean industry. Biotech companies do not need
smokestacks and pose little danger to our environment. They operate under strict
regulations, called GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices.) Their operations are
closely regulated by FDA. Third, biotech reflects the future of local
manufacturing employment. In a global economy, biotech companies need only
access to reliable transportation and an adequate labor pool.

Fourth, training to develop the skills needed for most positions is often both
mandated and provided by the employer. Most maintenance and technical positions
can be filled by high school and college graduates. All employees need quality
education. This is good for our schools. They also command high salaries. This
is good for our communities. Finally, the industry is diversified with interests
in the development of a variety of products. There will be a market for trained
personnel. This minimizes the impact of a business failure or relocation.

The biotech industry requires both infrastructure and critical mass. Many of
these requirements already exist in Massachusetts. A critical infrastructure
component is the proposed specimen bank. This provides Massachusetts with an
advantage over others and can catalyze future investments including federal
grants and contracts as well as support from industry. Such future support will
serve to sustain and grow the biotech base that Patrick seeks. Make no mistake,
without a significant and long-lasting commitment, Massachusetts will face stiff
competition from other regions competing to attract this industry.

Many private biotech companies are already located here including one in
Pittsfield where Nuclea Biomarkers is headquartered and develops leading edge
diagnostics. Patrick's proposal seeks to build on existing resources to grow and
sustain a viable biotech presence. We need these resources if Massachusetts is
to be a successful competitor in this arena. Approval of Patrick's proposal will
be difficult and implementation problematic. In a state replete with
well-established special interests, cries for a piece of this substantial pie
will be strident.

Support for Patrick's initiative needs to remain focused. It is a key to our
future, even in the Berkshires.

JOHN FOULDS
Lenox

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

New York: Governor Cuomo Hosts Long Island Wine and Craft Beverage Tour and
Congratulates Winery of the Year at Harvest Fest

LENGTH: 1596  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today hosted the 2014 Long Island Wine and Craft
Beverage Tour, which was organized to promote New York State's beverage industry
and boost tourism to the State's growing number of wineries, breweries,
distilleries and cideries. The Tour included stops at several Long Island
producers including, Long Island Spirits, Kontokosta Winery, Greenport Harbor
Brewing Co. and McCall Wines, and provided State and local leaders, wine
industry professionals, restaurateurs and tourism officials an inside look into
the manufacturing of New York spirits, beers and wines. The Governor also
unveiled a new advertisement that will begin running this Labor Day to promote
the region's wine and craft beverage assets.

To further highlight Long Island's agriculture and tourism industries, the
Governor also announced that the State will allocate $300,000 to launch a new
promotional effort to include a targeted advertising campaign and events
designed to leverage international travelers and media attention. This effort,
initiating in 2015, will also include expanded partnerships with a variety of
transportation companies to increase air, car, rail and bus travel options from
New York City and beyond. This multi-faceted approach is intended to attract
thousands of visitors from across the nation and around the globe to experience
the best of Long Island's craft beverage producers.

"New York's agricultural industry produces some of the best craft beverages in
the world, and its small businesses support jobs and tourism revenue in
communities across the state," Governor Cuomo said. "Today, we're taking another
step to raise the profile of these local vendors by highlighting some of Long
Island's best venues. I am proud to congratulate the winners of the Governor's
Cup, as well as the many other awardees and businesses for their participation
in this year's competition."

The promotional initiative announced today will build on the I Love NY
campaign's existing partnerships with the MTA and Port Authority, focusing on
JFK and LaGuardia airports, the Airtrain and platform advertising on sections of
the Long Island Railroad, in order to reach potential visitors already traveling
to or through New York City. In addition to the substantial tourist market
linked to New York City, online and print advertisements will also target key
international travel markets in Canada, Europe and Asia that have been shown to
be dependable export hubs for craft beverage products from New York and the U.S.
Based on a correlation between high rankings for annual tourist visits to the
New York City area and per capita wine consumption and wine imports, the
countries with identified potential are Canada, the U.K., France, Germany,
China, Japan and Sweden.

This new promotional initiative will also expand on existing relationships with
Delta and Avis-Budget so that boarding passes and car rental/bus vouchers may be
used for offers at wineries, hotel accommodations, restaurants, and other
businesses on Long Island. These offers will be available over targeted weekends
in 2015.

Since taking office, Governor Cuomo has worked to further develop the beverage
industry, which is a major driver of job creation and economic development in
communities across the State. As a result of two successful Wine, Beer, Spirits
& Cider Summits hosted by the Governor, New York State has implemented
groundbreaking initiatives and enacted legislation to support and grow the
beverage and agriculture industry, including a new marketing campaign to promote
the industry and regional tourism, and a series of regulatory reforms that
significantly reduce business costs for beverage producers.

In April, the Governor announced a $6 million commitment to promote New York's
wine, beer, spirits and cider industry. Under this commitment the State will
commit $2 million in direct spending to support the industry's growth via a $1
million targeted advertising campaign and $1 million in tourism promotion
funding. Additionally, Empire State Development will launch a $2 million grant
program that matches $2 million in industry contributions for the marketing and
promotion of wine, beer, spirits and cider produced in New York State. Entities
deemed eligible for this grant funding will include not-for-profit organizations
whose primary purpose and mission is the promotion and marketing of New York
State produced wine, beer, spirits and cider.

New York is now home to nearly 700 wineries, breweries, distilleries and
cideries. The state ranks third in the nation in wine and grape production,
second in apple production, has the second most distilleries and is home to
three of the 20 top-producing breweries in the United States.

Since 2011, the number of farm wineries has risen by nearly 50 percent from 195
to 291 today. In addition, the number of farm wineries opening branch offices,
authorized by legislation signed by Governor Cuomo in 2011, has increased by 90
percent, from 29 to 55, and the number of wineries has increased from 52 in 2011
to 78 today, for a total 46 percent growth.

As a result of a new law signed by the Governor in 2012, farm breweries have
also seen significant growth in recent months - with 57 new farm breweries
opening as a result of this law having taken effect in January 2013. Like Farm
Wineries, Farm Breweries must use specific levels of locally grown ingredients.
Farm Breweries enjoy similar privileges to Farm Wineries, including the ability
to open up to five offsite retail outlets, open restaurants, conduct tastings
and sell related products, including souvenirs, food to complement beer
tastings, and equipment and supplies. As Farm Breweries continue to open across
the state, the demand for locally ingredients has likewise grown.

New York's beer, wine, spirits and cider industry continues to have a tremendous
impact on the State's economy. Between manufacturing, agriculture, distribution
and retail, in 2012 the industry had a combined economic impact of more than $27
billion and employs more than 85,000 people. According to a recent study
commissioned by the New York Wine and Grape Foundation, the full economic impact
of New York grapes, grape juice and wine in 2012 was $4.8 billion for New York
State.

New York Wine & Food Classic

Following today's tour, Governor Cuomo presented Macari Vineyard & Winery in
Mattituck with the prestigious "Winery of the Year" award at Long Island's
Harvest Fest celebration. This annual event brought together more than 40 Long
Island winemakers and more than 30 top regional chefs and food artisans to
celebrate the wine-and-food bounty of Long Island Wine Country. The award is a
part of the New York Wine & Food Classic competition, organized by the New York
Wine & Grape Foundation.

This year's competition included 835 wines, 20 hard ciders and eight spirits
from across the state. The awards were based on blind tastings by 22 expert
judges--four from California, ten from New York, seven from other states and one
from France. Judges included prominent wine writers, restaurateurs, retailers
and wine educators. Judging panels determined the initial awards, with
top-scoring wines evaluated by all 22 judges for the Best of Category and
Governor's Cup awards.

The Governor also announced the following winners from the 2014 New York Wine &
Food Classic competition for the "Best Long Island" wines in several categories,
as follows:

Best Dessert Wine: Baiting Hollow Farm Vineyard's Cheval Bleu
    Best Rose Wine: Wolffer Estate 2013 Grandiose Rose
    Best White Wine: Martha Clara 2012 Chardonnay
    Best Sparkling Wine: Sparkling Pointe 2005 Brut Selection--which was also
the Best Sparkling Wine of New York
    Best Red Wine: Macari 2010 Cabernet Franc--which was also the Best Red Wine
of New York.

Jim Trezise, President of the New York Wine & Grape Foundation, said, "Today was
really an opportunity to showcase the drivers behind the wine industry's growth
in New York, which has received unparalleled support from Albany by way of open
ears and real regulatory reform. But what makes New York excel in this arena is
the care and talent of vineyards who bottle the best wines in the world season
after season. The fact is, there is simply nothing in the world like a New York
wine."

Sal Diliberto, President of the Long Island Wine Council, said, "Where we are
with wine production in New York was literally a dream just a few years ago. All
hands are on deck to move the industry forward in this state, and the results
are real; more wine is being bought, boosting tourism and ultimately creating
more jobs throughout our communities across New York."

Ron Goerler, Chair of Harvest Fest and owner of Jamesport Vineyards, said,
"These wines, hand in hand with the absolute beauty of Long Island, present
newcomers and fans with a perfect platform for what makes New York wine so
unique. Jamesport Vineyards is proud to be part what vineyards across New York
provide - a distinct talent to create and share with the entire world some of
the most amazing wines."

Harvest Fest also included additional awards presented to those who have made
significant contributions to the Long Island farming and winery industries,
including Florence Fabricant, a New York Times wine and food writer and author,
and Tom Schaudel, a master chef with several restaurants on Long Island who is
also a popular radio show host and local personality.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          February 27, 2008 Wednesday

Don't rush initiatives

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Opinion

LENGTH: 458 words


THE MORAGA TOWN COUNCIL will consider tonight whether to place a
developer-written open space initiative on the June or November ballot. To us,
the answer is clear: There are too many questions about the initiative and too
much at stake to rush it onto the June ballot.

At issue is possible future development and open space in Bollinger Canyon and
Indian Valley, and on Rheem Ridge. The current battle began when a group of
preservationists, Friends of Moraga Open Space, began collecting signatures for
an initiative that would have expanded the town's open space by 1,700 acres and
restricted development on ridgelines higher than 700 feet.

While collecting the signatures, the backers ran into opposition from St. Mary's
College and the Moraga Country Club, which would have been affected by the plan.
To its credit, the group pulled back and is trying to work out an acceptable
compromise.

Meanwhile, the Bruzzone family, which owns much of the affected land, collected
signatures for a competing ballot measure. That initiative would add less land
as open space, 515 acres to be precise, and would grant development rights for
an unspecified number of homes in parts of the property.

In exchange, the family would give the town $7 million for recreation and donate
2.5 acres for a community center.

Signatures for that initiative have been checked by the county Elections Office
and there are enough to move forward. The next step is for the council to place
the Bruzzone measure on the ballot. But making the June ballot would require a
rushed city staff analysis of the initiative's environmental and economic
impacts.

Moreover, there are legal questions about the initiative containing development
rights -- questions that might require court intervention.

Finally, there would be insufficient time for the backers of the original
measure to negotiate a plan that would please St. Mary's and the country club,
and then collect signatures to place that measure on the June ballot. The
competing plans should be considered by voters at the same time.

There is not a lot of land left in Moraga to develop. And the city has little
hope of bringing in major retailers to provide significant sales tax revenues.
As a result, town officials and residents need to be careful about how much
residential development they approve because housing usually does not provide
enough tax revenue to cover the cost of services.

Consequently, we urge the Town Council to slow down the process so that quality
analysis can be prepared for the voters.

We recognize that the Bruzzone family would prefer a June vote. But, if the
initiative is a good idea in June, it will still be a good idea in November.
Adequate deliberation will help ensure a more democratic process.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday

Ireland: 005A IMCORE Innovative Management for Europe Changing Coastal Resource

LENGTH: 214  words


Project priority: Environmental challenges
Strategic Initiatives: unspecified
Start date: 01-06-2007
End date: 30-04-2012
Website:

www.imcore.eu
ERDF Grant: 2,996,775.67
Total eligible cost: 5,993,551.34
Aim: To promote a transnational, innovative and sustainable approach to reducing
the Ecological Social and Economic impacts of climate change on the coastal
resources of NWE.
To achieve:
A demonstration of how the innovative expert couplet approach (i.e.
collaboration between coastal practitioners and scientists using the principles
of sustainability science), can help with the effective implementation of
adaptive management strategies for coastal resources.
The identification of impacts of a range of specified climate change scenarios
on coastal sectors and the development of a response in the form of strategies
for adaptive management.
This will be achieved through the trans-national sectoral working groups
established within the partnership in WP2. Their aim is to address problems
related to specific coastal sectors e.g. fisheries, ports and shipping, marine
recreation. These groups are scheduled to make joint presentations in the
seminar on socio-economic impact of climate change in coastal sectors in NW
Europe in London between months 18-30.

country :Ireland
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Logan Banner (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Millions coming to boost economy

BYLINE: The Logan Banner, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 944 words


Aug. 25--HUNTINGTON, W.Va. -- On Wednesday, officials announced nearly $39
million in funding for 29 projects throughout the Appalachians geared toward
stimulating ecomonic development in the coal fields.

These 29 awards were made as a part of the Obama Administration's Partnerships
for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization (POWER) Initiative to
stimulate economic growth and opportunity in communities that have historically
relied on the coal economy for economic stability. With this announcement,
communities and regions that have been negatively affected by changes in the
coal economy are able to strengthen their economies and workforces.

Several awards were received for projects that benefit Mingo and surrounding
counties. These awards include: A $1,648,400 EDA grant to Mingo County
Redevelopment Authority (MCRA) and Mingo County Public Service District in
Williamson, W.Va. for the Mingo County Air Transportation Park Infrastructure
Improvements project. The project will provide potable water to the Mingo County
Air Transportation Park atop a reclaimed surface mine in the center of the
county, which MCRA is positioning as an industrial site for light and advanced
manufacturers. It will include construction of approximately 62 thousand feet of
water line, a 500 gallon-per-minute booster pumping station, a
one-million-gallon water storage tank, and other related equipment, as well as
an on-site sewage, aeration, and absorption system. The project will create and
retain 520 jobs and leverage $9,000,000 in additional investment.

A $1,372,275 ARC grant was awarded to the Hatfield McCoy Regional Recreation
Authority in Man, WV for the Southern Coalfields Sustainable Tourism &
Entrepreneurship Program. ARC funds will develop and implement a comprehensive
program to expand tourism-related employment and businesses in southern West
Virginia, and will foster Hatfield McCoy Trail expansion in Kentucky and
Virginia. In addition, the award provides for the deployment of a coordinated
marketing effort, which will increase the region-wide economic impact of the
Trails by $13,000,000 per year. The project will create 225 jobs and 50 new
businesses along the Trails, and will be supported by funding from the Claude
Worthington Benedum Foundation.

A $1,870,000 ARC grant will go to the Coalfield Development Corporation in
Wayne, WV for the Appalachian Social Entrepreneurship Investment Strategy. ARC
funds will be used to incubate job-creating social enterprises; scale-up
Coalfield Development Corporation's innovative 33-6-3 on-the-job
training/education/life skills workforce development model; and expand Coalfield
Development Corporation's service territory to other coal-impacted areas in
Southern West Virginia. The award will create 85 new jobs and equip 60 trainees
to pursue quality jobs in high-demand industries in the Appalachian Region, and
will be supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.

A $200,000 ARC grant will go to the West Virginia Development Office for the
Hobet Strategic Plan. West Virginia will receive technical assistance to develop
a detailed economic assessment and strategic plan for the best use of the Hobet
Surface Mine Site in Boone and Lincoln Counties, previously the largest surface
mining operation in the state.

$750,000 was awarded to continue a collaborative effort with the National
Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and
other federal partners to research opioid abuse and related problems of HIV and
Hepatitis C (HCV) in Appalachia's coal communities.

$400,000 was awarded for a partnership with the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) and the U.S Department of Agriculture (USDA) to expand the Cool &
Connected Initiative to help 10 Appalachian coal-impacted communities use
broadband service to revitalize small-town main streets and promote economic
development. Participating communities will receive technical assistance for
strategic planning, as well as initial implementation support for the first
steps of their plans. The communities are located in Alabama, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia.

The POWER Initiative is a multi-agency effort aligning and targeting federal
economic and workforce development resources to communities and workers that
have been affected by job losses in coal mining, coal power plant operations,
and coal-related supply chain industries due to the changing economics of
America's energy production. The POWER Initiative is part of President Obama's
POWER+ Plan, a broader set of investments in coal-impacted communities, workers,
and coal technology proposed in the President's FY 2017 budget. Today's awards
were granted from the $65.8 million in POWER funding announced by ARC and EDA in
March, 2016.

Most of the awards announced today are the first to be awarded from a
competitive POWER federal funding opportunity released in March of this year by
the ARC and EDA to provide implementation, planning and technical assistance
grants in support of projects in coal-impacted communities that propose to do
one or more of the following:

--Diversify the commercial and industrial base of local and regional economies;

--Create jobs in new and/or existing industries;

--Attract new sources of private and public investment; and

--Provide a range of workforce services and skills training for high-quality,
in-demand jobs.

(Editor Kyle Lovern and Staff Writer Courtney Harrison contributed to this
article.)

___ (c)2016 The Logan Banner (Logan, W.Va.) Visit The Logan Banner (Logan,
W.Va.) at www.loganbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160825-EB-Millions-coming-to-boost-economy-0825-20160825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EB


                        Copyright 2016 The Logan Banner


                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Baraga Police Department to Buy New
Police Car

LENGTH: 146  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Baraga
Police Department in Baraga County. This funding comes through the USDA's Rural
Development Economic Impact Initiative Grant program, which funds critical
infrastructure in rural communities across the country. The $18,750 grant will
be used to help the community purchase a new police vehicle.

"Police officers have to cover many miles to protect our families, homes, and
communities," said Stabenow. "This new police car for Baraga will help make sure
there is always someone there to quickly respond in an emergency."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             April 30, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Volunteers needed for tournament

BYLINE: Special to The Citizen

SECTION: LOCAL/LIFESTYLES; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 444  words


Ever wondered how much money an event like the RBC Royal Bank Cup brings to our
community?

Ever wonder how that impact is measured?

The City of Prince George is teaming up with the provincial govenment, Hockey
Canada, Initiatives PG, and Northern BC Tourism to conduct the most detailed
economic impact analysis available.

This study will collect real-time data during each game of the RBC Royal Bank
Cup using hand-held PDA devices and intuitive surveys.

A total of 12 volunteers are required for each game and as the surveys are done
before the game and during intermissions you won't miss any game action.

All volunteers will receive a distinctive piece of RBC Royal Bank Cup clothing
and be eligible for all kinds of perks and benefits for their involvement. If
you are interested please call Geoff Paynton at 561-7649 or e-mail him at
gpaynton@city.pg.bc.ca

CELEBRATE ARBOUR DAY

This internationally celebrated day reminds us how important our trees are,
especially in Prince George where so many have been destroyed by the mountain
pine beetle.

On Saturday May 5 visit the Railway and Forestry Museum from 10 a.m. - 2 p.m. to
learn how to plant trees and which trees are hardy to plant in our area.

Also, in celebration of Arbour Day the ForesTree Fest will be hosting short
forestry tours through Cottonwood Island Nature Park. Come out and support our
trees! Join us for the 2007 Arbour Day!

AQUATICS

Free Swim: The City of Prince George and Save-On-Foods are hosting another free
swim event on Sunday, May 6th, from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. at the Prince George
Aquatic Centre, 1770 George Paul Lane.

Quality recreation and physical activity opportunities are vital to the health
and personal development of children and adults, which assist in building
healthy communities.

The City of Prince George Leisure Services Department and Save-On-Foods would
like to ensure you are an active part of the community.

For more information or to register for an aquatics program please call the City
of Prince George at 561-7600 or visit the City's website at www.city.pg.bc.ca.

COMMUNITIES IN BLOOM

Communities in Bloom is a national program designed to foster civic pride,
environmental awareness and beautification by promoting involvement by every
sector of the community.

This program contributes to our community by fostering civic pride and growing a
proud and confident community.

The event's purpose is to maintain momentum with the Communities in Bloom
initiative, council agreed to fund a Community Enhancement Grant Program.

The Community Enhancement Program offers an opportunity for community groups to
help enhance our landscapes and activities through a matching grant program.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             May 11, 2013 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Builders team up to help homeless

BYLINE: Josh Skapin, Calgary Herald

SECTION: NEW HOMES; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 434 words


Eight builders have teamed up as part of a multi-million-dollar effort to create
affordable, rent-based housing to help end homelessness in Calgary.

"People ask if you could ever eradicate homelessness and my response has been
we'll never get to that answer unless we try," says Glynn Hendry, vice-president
of Qualico Calgary.

The RESOLVE Campaign is an initiative consisting of nine agencies whose goal is
to raise $120 million.

It started with a $11.2-million donation of housing from a group of
homebuilders, who will construct about 240 units in the city during the next
three years.

They include Albi Homes, Brookfield Residential Properties, Cedarglen Homes,
Homes by Avi, Jayman, Morrison Homes, Qualico and Shane Homes.

They will construct between 25 to 30 units each year during the next three
years, which amounts to about $1.4 million per company.

"The economic impact that the increase in affordable housing has on the
community is immense," says RESOLVE campaign co-chair Alan Norris, who is also
president of Brookfield Residential Properties. "Donating to this initiative is
the right thing to do."

The campaign is expected to affect 3,000 people and supports Calgary's 10 Year
Plan to End Homelessness, an initiative led by the Calgary Homeless Foundation
that opened in 2008.

Norris says the units will accommodate a wide range of users, from single people
to families.

"These units are probably going to be focused on those who need some permanent
supportive housing, so we'll have support services in the building as well,"
says Norris. "We'll be responding to the needs of the clients and try and
tailor-make the product."

Where the units will be built will also depend of the needs of the agencies, he
says. The partnering agencies include Accessible Housing Society, Bishop O'Byrne
Housing for Seniors Association, Calgary Alpha House Society, Calgary Homeless
Foundation, Calgary John Howard Society, Horizon Housing Society, Silvera for
Seniors, Trinity Place Foundation of Alberta and The Mustard Seed Foundation.

The provincial government will provide up to 70 per cent of the funds required
through grants for many of the affordable housing initiatives planned through
RESOLVE. The remaining funding will be through philanthropic donations.

"These units can be debt-free and therefor sustained in a permanent affordable
housing situation," says Norris. "The clients we're trying to address, if we put
mortgages on these properties, then it just increases the rent and we miss the
mark."

E-mail jskapin@calgaryherald.com Follow at twitter.com/CalHeraldHomes. Like at
facebook.com/CalHeraldHomes

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Williamson Daily News (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Millions coming to boost economy

BYLINE: Williamson Daily News, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 948 words


Aug. 25--HUNTINGTON, W.Va. -- On Wednesday, officials announced nearly $39
million in funding for 29 projects throughout the Appalachians geared toward
stimulating ecomonic development in the coal fields.

These 29 awards were made as a part of the Obama Administration's Partnerships
for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization (POWER) Initiative to
stimulate economic growth and opportunity in communities that have historically
relied on the coal economy for economic stability. With this announcement,
communities and regions that have been negatively affected by changes in the
coal economy are able to strengthen their economies and workforces.

Several awards were received for projects that benefit Mingo and surrounding
counties. These awards include: A $1,648,400 EDA grant to Mingo County
Redevelopment Authority (MCRA) and Mingo County Public Service District in
Williamson, W.Va. for the Mingo County Air Transportation Park Infrastructure
Improvements project. The project will provide potable water to the Mingo County
Air Transportation Park atop a reclaimed surface mine in the center of the
county, which MCRA is positioning as an industrial site for light and advanced
manufacturers. It will include construction of approximately 62 thousand feet of
water line, a 500 gallon-per-minute booster pumping station, a
one-million-gallon water storage tank, and other related equipment, as well as
an on-site sewage, aeration, and absorption system. The project will create and
retain 520 jobs and leverage $9,000,000 in additional investment.

A $1,372,275 ARC grant was awarded to the Hatfield McCoy Regional Recreation
Authority in Man, WV for the Southern Coalfields Sustainable Tourism &
Entrepreneurship Program. ARC funds will develop and implement a comprehensive
program to expand tourism-related employment and businesses in southern West
Virginia, and will foster Hatfield McCoy Trail expansion in Kentucky and
Virginia. In addition, the award provides for the deployment of a coordinated
marketing effort, which will increase the region-wide economic impact of the
Trails by $13,000,000 per year. The project will create 225 jobs and 50 new
businesses along the Trails, and will be supported by funding from the Claude
Worthington Benedum Foundation.

A $1,870,000 ARC grant will go to the Coalfield Development Corporation in
Wayne, WV for the Appalachian Social Entrepreneurship Investment Strategy. ARC
funds will be used to incubate job-creating social enterprises; scale-up
Coalfield Development Corporation's innovative 33-6-3 on-the-job
training/education/life skills workforce development model; and expand Coalfield
Development Corporation's service territory to other coal-impacted areas in
Southern West Virginia. The award will create 85 new jobs and equip 60 trainees
to pursue quality jobs in high-demand industries in the Appalachian Region, and
will be supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.

A $200,000 ARC grant will go to the West Virginia Development Office for the
Hobet Strategic Plan. West Virginia will receive technical assistance to develop
a detailed economic assessment and strategic plan for the best use of the Hobet
Surface Mine Site in Boone and Lincoln Counties, previously the largest surface
mining operation in the state.

$750,000 was awarded to continue a collaborative effort with the National
Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and
other federal partners to research opioid abuse and related problems of HIV and
Hepatitis C (HCV) in Appalachia's coal communities.

$400,000 was awarded for a partnership with the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA) and the U.S Department of Agriculture (USDA) to expand the Cool &
Connected Initiative to help 10 Appalachian coal-impacted communities use
broadband service to revitalize small-town main streets and promote economic
development. Participating communities will receive technical assistance for
strategic planning, as well as initial implementation support for the first
steps of their plans. The communities are located in Alabama, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia.

The POWER Initiative is a multi-agency effort aligning and targeting federal
economic and workforce development resources to communities and workers that
have been affected by job losses in coal mining, coal power plant operations,
and coal-related supply chain industries due to the changing economics of
America's energy production. The POWER Initiative is part of President Obama's
POWER+ Plan, a broader set of investments in coal-impacted communities, workers,
and coal technology proposed in the President's FY 2017 budget. Today's awards
were granted from the $65.8 million in POWER funding announced by ARC and EDA in
March, 2016.

Most of the awards announced today are the first to be awarded from a
competitive POWER federal funding opportunity released in March of this year by
the ARC and EDA to provide implementation, planning and technical assistance
grants in support of projects in coal-impacted communities that propose to do
one or more of the following:

--Diversify the commercial and industrial base of local and regional economies;

--Create jobs in new and/or existing industries;

--Attract new sources of private and public investment; and

--Provide a range of workforce services and skills training for high-quality,
in-demand jobs.

(Editor Kyle Lovern and Staff Writer Courtney Harrison contributed to this
article.)

___ (c)2016 Williamson Daily News (Williamson, W.Va.) Visit Williamson Daily
News (Williamson, W.Va.) at www.williamsondailynews.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160825-UX-Millions-coming-to-boost-economy-0825-20160825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UX


                      Copyright 2016 Williamson Daily News


                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 22, 2015 Friday

Senator Stabenow Announces Support for Cheboyan Department of Public Safety to
Buy New Police Car

LENGTH: 149  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today announced support for the Cheboyan
Department of Public Safety in Cheboygan County. This funding comes through the
USDA's Rural Development Economic Impact Initiative Grant program, which funds
critical infrastructure in rural communities across the country. The $18,000
grant will be used to help the community purchase a new police vehicle.

"Police officers have to cover many miles to protect our families, homes, and
communities," said Stabenow. "This new police car for Cheboygan will help make
sure there is always someone there to quickly respond in an emergency."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                 March 25, 2005

Luton Seeks Research Olympian For New Post

BYLINE: Phil Baty

SECTION: No.1684; Pg.48

LENGTH: 239 words


It may come too late to help persuade the International Olympic Committee to let
London host the 2012 games before it announces its verdict in July, but Luton
University is tapping into Olympic fever by creating a full-time post in
"Olympic studies".

Luton is advertising in The Times Higher for a doctoral research fellow in
Olympic studies on a salary of up to Pounds 19,614 a year for 35 hours a week.

The candidate will be based at Luton Business School and will be expected to
research the Olympic Games "as a social, political, economic and organisational
phenomenon" and to examine the "social cultural and economic impact of the
Olympic Games" and "Olympic-related tourism".

Peter Mason, head of tourism and leisure, said the position was part of a range
of initiatives to link the university's sport, leisure and tourism work, funded
with a "capability grant" for areas that missed out on grants under the research
assessment exercise.

In the 2001 RAE, the university received a grade 4 for its tourism department
and a 3b for sport.

The successful applicant will be involved in teaching undergraduate programmes
in sport studies, sport management, sport tourism, travel and tourism and, from
this September, a programme in football studies.

They will work under Vassil Girginov, a senior lecturer in leisure and sports
studies, whose book The Olympic Games Explained has just been published.


LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2005 TSL Education Limited


                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                           September 17, 2007 Monday

Bioenergy center in Milwaukee could trigger $1 trillion impact

BYLINE: Joe Grundle

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 683  words


Surely, the Great Lakes Bioenergy Research Center will make an economic impact
in Wisconsin.

After all, it's not every day the federal government hands the state $125
million over five years to establish a research center and the high-tech jobs
and private investment that come with it. In fact, it's only happened twice
before in Wisconsin, once in 1910 with the Forest Products Lab and again in 1975
with the Wildlife Health Center.

But Tim Donohue, director of the Wisconsin Bioenergy Initiative that landed the
U.S. Department of Energy grant, believes the short-term gains are just the tip
of the iceberg. Once the center begins developing new bioenergy technologies,
the investment opportunities are endless.

"We already know how many companies and jobs the biomedical breakthroughs in
this state have created," said Donohue, while speaking at Wisconsin Innovation
Network's Milwaukee-area chapter meeting Thursday in Brookfield. "I think the
spin-off in the bioenergy industry is going to be bigger, and the DOE estimates
a $1 trillion impact over 10 years.

"Companies will spin off because they want to bring our ideas to the
marketplace. "

Donohue said farmers across the state would see benefits as well, as new uses
for trees in the north and soybeans and switchgrasses in the south expand
markets for those crops. He added that the institute would generate new methods
for industries and homeowners to reduce energy costs.

Other new markets

Molly Jahns, dean of the University of Wisconsin-Madison College of Agricultural
and Life Sciences, noted that in addition to farmers, advances in bioenergy
would open markets for technology manufacturers and the paper and pulp
industries. And as the "small engine capital of the world," as Wisconsin
Technology Council President Tom Still proclaimed the state, there is a
bottomless supply of local products that could consider alternative fuels to
oil-derived gasoline in the future.

The center's primary focus will be coming up with alternative fuels to oil,
mostly through cellulosic plant biomass. And Donohue called President Bush's
goal of 30 percent renewable gasoline, up from 10 percent today, the "1 billion
ton challenge" - the amount of celluosic biomass needed each year to meet that
goal

"We currently have 1.3 billion tons of cellulosic biomass unused each year in
this country, so there is a large amount of renewable resources that new
technology can tap into," Donohue said. "We can be producers of electricity,
energy and fuel instead of importers. "

Addressing the fact that current corn-based ethanol has driven up food prices,
Donohue said the institute will try to improve ethanol with better plant
properties.

"It's a valid question whether (corn ethanol) is something we can continue
relying on 20 years from now - whether it's cost effective,' he said. "We will
make new fuels, and a large component of the grant will be determining the
economic viability and environmental sustainability of those new fuels. "

The Wisconsin Bioenergy Initiative partnered with Michigan State University, as
well as businesses throughout the Midwest to win the grant. But Donohue said of
the $25 million DOE will give to the Madison-based Great Lakes Bioenergy
Research Center each year, more than half would stay in Wisconsin.

The center is the only one of the three new federal bioenergy labs - including
the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee and the Lawrence Berkeley
National Laboratory in California - located in an academic institution, so
educating and training future leaders in the bioenergy field will be part of the
institute's mission, Donohue said.

Jahns announced the contract with the federal government would be signed by the
end of September, when the institute will unveil a consortium of public and
private partners who are contributing to research efforts.

"Keeping these (federal, state and private) dollars in the pockets of this state
and region is the goal," Jahns said. "Partnerships are crucial to managing our
successes and advances going forward. We want the gains to be seen across the
public and private sector. "

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Nemucore adds millions to economic impact

SECTION: NEWS; 12

LENGTH: 946 words



HIGHLIGHT: Wall & Main column for daily biz By Peter S. Cohan 30 in. w/col sig


Biomedical incubator Massachusetts Biomedical Initiatives (MBI) says it has had
a $550 million economic impact on Worcester between 2000 and 2015.

And based on the methodology underlying that number, I estimate that Union
Street-based Nemucore Medical Innovations, a developer of cancer treatments, is
responsible for 1.1 percent of that $550 million.

Before looking at Nemucore's contribution to MBI's economic impact, let's look
at the source of the number.

According to MBI president and CEO, Kevin O'Sullivan, that $550 million comes
from "an econometric model developed by a WPI Student Project -- we came up with
a conservative full-time equivalent dollar amount per employee over and above
just straight salary."

The WPI students "conducted a semester long analysis on MBI's economic impact
for their Major Qualifying Project in 2013. The analysis concluded that there
was an estimated $135,000 economic impact per job per year created in the life
science field," according to Mr. O'Sullivan.

The students developed a spreadsheet that calculates "the companies' length of
stay at MBI, the time since graduation, and then applies the $135,000 multiplier
annually to each job created. That $135,000 includes salary, benefits, [and
related spending generated by each job] for items such as plumbers and
electricians, equipment purchases, pizza deliveries, FedEx and UPS, and office
suppliers," said Mr. O'Sullivan

MBI's history reveals that it got started as a venture capital firm - and I am
guessing that did not work out so well.

"In 1987, MBI formed a venture capital arm, Commonwealth BioVentures that
invested over $8 million of public funding and over $50 million of private money
in new technology driven companies, before focusing on incubation in the late
1990s," according to MBI's website.

In response, MBI changed its focus to incubating companies rather than investing
in them.

"Over the years, MBI has developed seven major incubator centers and currently
operates four totaling over 30,000 square feet of incubator space. By the year
1996, MBI had helped establish 20 new companies and helped expand the Biotech
cluster in Worcester County. Since the year 2000, MBI has helped to create over
100 companies and over 550 jobs - the majority of which remain in Massachusetts
and Worcester County. It is estimated that, since inception, MBI has assisted
over 150 companies and created over 2,500 jobs," according to MBI's website.

One of those companies is Nemucore which employs nine people in Worcester.
Applying MBI's $135,000 economic impact per employee per year (assuming they
worked there since 2011) - Nemucore contributed about $6.1 million to that
economic impact.

Nemucore Medical Innovations was founded in 2008 by five people - Ph.D and
MBA-holder, Timothy Coleman ; Northeastern University professor of biotechnology
and nanomedicine Vladimir Torchilin, Northeastern University professor of
pharmacology Mansoor Amiji, Louisiana State professor of Nanotechnology, Yuri
Lvov, and private equity executive, Michael Masterson.

These founders wanted to develop new therapeutics to treat ovarian cancer and
the company first moved to Worcester in the fall of 2011 because "Worcester
offered the best economic value for the dollar, allowing more to be spent on
research. MBI increased local value with lab incubator services, permitting, and
safety," according to Nemucore spokesperson, Karen Bergman.

As Ms. Bergman explained, "Nemucore is developing therapeutics for women's
multidrug-resistant cancers: ovarian, breast, and lung, a large and underserved
patient population and currently employs nine full time people and operates in
downtown Worcester."

Nemucore declined to comment on how much capital it has raised. The company "has
been completely funded through public and private grants and private
investments. Exact amounts have not been disclosed," said Ms. Bergman.

Nemucore is quite pleased to be located in Worcester. As Ms. Bergman explained,
"Besides good economics, Worcester offers collaborative opportunities with local
schools and companies: Worcester Polytechnic University, BlueSky BioServices,
Agilux. Worcester's relative proximity to Boston has allowed Nemucore to
continue collaborations on 2 National Institutes of Health grants with
Northeastern University."

Nemucore is working on several drug candidates. The company "plans to begin
clinical trials with NMI-900, a potential 'best-in-class' therapeutic for the
treatment of ovarian cancer, in late 2016. Two additional candidates are
anticipated to enter clinical trial development later in 2017, targeting a
variety of difficult-to-treat oncology indications, including breast, non-small
cell lung cancer, myelodysplastic syndrome and other cancers," she said.

Worcester represents a significant talent pool for Nemucore. Ms. Bergman said,
"Over the past several years, competitive internship positions at Nemucore have
been filled by Worcester area college students. Nemucore will continue to draw
resources from the huge talent pool in the Worcester area."

Has MBI offered Worcester an attractive return on investment?

To make an estimate, I would try to calculate how much capital - both public and
private - has been invested in MBI since it got started about 30 years ago.

Then I would estimate how much more that capital is worth now.

Absent that, I'd like to know how much cash flow - in the form of rent to
investors in the incubator space and tax revenue to the city -- that capital has
yielded.

-- Peter Cohan of Marlboro heads a management consulting and venture capital
firm and teaches business strategy and entrepreneurship at Babson College. His
email address is peter@petercohan.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Decorah Journal (Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 14, 2014

IISC projects start soon

BYLINE: The Decorah Journal staff

LENGTH: 694  words


University of Iowa professors and students will be kicking off Iowa Initiative
for Sustainable Communities (IISC) projects throughout the county this fall.

Decorah/Winneshiek County is one of three communities selected for IISC projects
for the 2014-15 school year. The IISC is a campus wide initiative funded through
the Better Futures for Iowans grant from the University of Iowa Office of the
Provost and is supported by the UI Office of Outreach and Engagement.

UI graduate students in Urban and Regional Planning completed sustainability
projects in Decorah during the 2009-2010 and 2010-2011 academic years. The
School of Urban and Regional Planning participates in IISC through its field
problems courses which are required of all students. These projects partner
students and faculty with Iowa's urban and rural communities to identify, design
and implement sustainability-focused projects.

'Outstanding'

IISC Program Coordinator Nick Benson and the University's Urban and Regional
Planning Professor and Director Chuck Connerly gave a presentation to the
Winneshiek County Board of Supervisors, county and city of Decorah staff and
members of the public Monday afternoon at the courthouse.

"We received many applications across the state of Iowa. Winneshiek County and
Decorah submitted an outstanding project. Our Board was blown away by your
application," Benson said.

The other two communities selected by the IISC Board were Sioux City and Iowa
City.

Benson provided an overview of a sample of the projects that will be worked on
during the school year. Some projects are still in development, and Benson said
there would probably be a total of 15 projects conducted. Nine will be launched
this fall. They include:

Frac-sand mining research and analysis (economic impact assessment, mapping and
modeling of potential sand mine sites, transportation infrastructure impacts and
legal regulatory analysis and recommendations)

Stormwater utility planning and management with the city of Decorah

Neste Valley Recreation Area development (south of Decorah)

Turkey River Watershed analysis

Interactive arts on the Trout Run Trail

Marketing Winneshiek County natural resources

How it works

Supervisor Dean Thompson asked how students and faculty would work on projects.

Benson responded each project will have a primary point of contact in the
community and that students and faculty will have some "boots on the ground"
locally, but will also work on the projects at the university. Students and
faculty will keep in weekly contact with community partners in Decorah, he said.

"Every project will have a final deliverable - something tangible that students
will hand over to the community," Benson said. That could include design work
and plans, financial reports or engineering studies.

He said most projects will include "check-in presentations" midway, and some
will require public involvement.

Winneshiek County Development Inc. Director Randy Uhl asked if there is an
estimated dollar amount for the value of the work the students and faculty will
be doing in Winneshiek County.

Benson said the hours involved in addition to the project costs covered by the
university would be more than $250,000. However, he said the university doesn't
like to "monetize" student and faculty time, because it's part of their
experience as researchers and faculty members.

Mike McGee, a member of the Winneshiek County Zoning Commission, said the county
is in the process of redoing its zoning ordinance and wanted to know if the
University was aware of the time frames for completing that work. He said
information gathered during the University's work could be helpful for the
ordinance update.

Benson said University officials are aware the county's zoning ordinance is
being updated.

"We certainly want this information to be useful," he said.

City Administrator Chad Bird thanked the supervisors for their willingness to
partner with the city, and University and local officials' work on the projects.

"It's going to turn out to be quite an asset. A quarter of a million is probably
way low. It's going to be quite a gift to Winneshiek County," said Board of
Supervisors Chairman John Logsdon.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DEC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2014 Decorah Journal


                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS



              Mineral County Independent-News (Hawthorne, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 29, 2012

Fund to assist rural Nevada communities

BYLINE: Mineral County Independent-News staff

LENGTH: 207  words


Rural communities and nonprofits in need of essential public services like fire
trucks, or to build senior centers or health care clinics take note:

USDA Rural Development has nearly $12 million in funds available to assist.

Municipalities, tribes, and nonprofits in rural areas with a population of
20,000 or less are eligible.

Community Facility loan rates are at record low levels and the term is flexible.

For example a school bus could be financed for a 5-7 year term, and a fire
station could be financed for 30 years. For instance, the Wells Family Resource
Center used CF funds to put in new flooring, and the City of Caliente used CF
funds to purchase two pumper trucks.

For FY 2012 USDA Rural Development has $11,868,125 in direct loan funds, $1.27
million in guaranteed loans, and $89,400 in grants available.

There is also $64,900 available for Economic Impact Initiative grants for
communities with an unemployment or underemployment rate of 19.5 percent or
greater.

Call USDA Rural Development at (775) 887-1222, Ext. 104 to learn more.

For detailed information you can also access the new Community Facilities Direct
Grant and Loan Application guide online at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/Sup-portDocuments/Commu nity%20Facilities%20A pp.pdf

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCI

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2012 Mineral County Independent-News


                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                 April 15, 2013

MICHIGAN BRIEFS

SECTION: Pg. 2 Vol. 29

LENGTH: 833  words


Can more be milked from state ag? That's the $3M plan

A few years ago, the Michigan Milk Producers Association added equipment at one
of its manufacturing plants, enabling it to dry milk in response to rising
export demand for whole-milk powder.

Now the Novi-based cooperative wants to identify other growth areas for the
state's dairy industry, ranked eighth in the nation for milk production. And it
hopes that a food and agriculture industry initiative moving through the
Michigan Legislature will help.

"We see continued growth in the Michigan dairy industry," said Ken Nobis,
president of the approximately 2,000-member association. "If we get the
strategic growth initiative in place, it can help speed that process for our
producers here in Michigan."

Proposed in Gov. Rick Snyder's budget for the upcoming fiscal year is a $3
million effort to target barriers to business development and growth in food
processing, agribusiness and agricultural production. The state would award
competitive grants to fund research, education and technical assistance.

The aim is to increase profits, help business expand and boost the $91.4 billion
economic impact of the Michigan food and agriculture industry.

"The idea behind this is ... how do we find global solutions to help multiple
parties in the industry?" said Jamie Clover Adams, director of the Michigan
Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.

For example, potential issues could include logistics, the availability of
workers trained in food safety and sanitation, and technology needs such as
advances in equipment or packaging.

- Amy Lane

The Rapid is looking for transit gold in city's new Silver Line

Gov. Rick Snyder has given the ceremonial green light to a rapid bus line in
Grand Rapids. He joined other state and local officials last week for a
groundbreaking for the state's first Bus Rapid Transit line. Construction on the
first of 33 stations began for the $40 million Silver Line, expected to be ready
for riders in August 2014, The Associated Press reported.

The rapid transit line along Division Avenue is designed to travel as fast as a
light rail system but at a fraction of the cost. It will feature prepaid fares,
raised platforms, traffic-signal priority and semi-exclusive lanes during rush
hour.

The project is primarily funded by the federal government but includes state
money. When Snyder told the Grand Rapids audience that the Silver Line can be a
model for other transit projects and planning in the state, he may well have
been referring to the proposed Detroit streetcar line, on which construction
along Woodward Avenue could begin this year.

Eat pizza, be shocked

For a certain pizza joint in Grand Rapids, it's not exactly an ArtPrize
exhibition.

Instead, MLive.com reports, Cult Pizza is drawing attention for showing images
on its walls of notorious leaders: Branch Davidian leader David Koresh and Aum
Shinrikyo cult guru Shoko Asahara. There's also a photo of people who died
during the 1978 mass murder and suicide at Jonestown, Guyana.

The restaurant is the work of Ryan Cappelletti, who encountered a similar
controversy two years ago when another restaurant he operates next door
displayed artwork depicting Mao Zedong, Che Guevara and Ronald Reagan.

Cappelletti, who posted on Facebook that artwork at the business would change
regularly, says he wants western Michigan to be open to a full range of artistic
expression and not to lose its cool when faced with challenging images.

On Cult Pizza's Facebook page, one fan suggested she might gag at having to eat
food beneath the portrait of Asahara, whose cult killed 12 people in 1995 on the
Tokyo subway using Sarin nerve gas.

Others are more accepting of the photos: "I like the edginess of them," wrote
someone posting on MLive as Lurker 2000.

MICH-CELLANEOUS

Grand Rapids-based Third Coast Development Partners told the city's Brownfield
Redevelopment Authority that it will be filling one of two vacant lots on Mid
Towne Village, its 16-acre, mixed-use development, with a 94,000-square-foot,
149-room hotel, the Grand Rapids Business Journal reported. The company said it
couldn't reveal the identity of the hotel operator, but did say the hotel has an
estimated investment of $24.2 million, and that the other lot will likely hold a
30,000-square-foot office building.

- Chicago-based Forest Hill Energy-Fowler Farms LLC, which plans to build 39
wind towers in rural central Michigan, has sued Dallas, Essex and Bengal
townships that it claims want to block the $120 million renewable energy
project, AP reported.

- Kalamazoo-based Bell's Brewery is keeping its place as the No. 7 top craft
brewer in the U.S. in The Brewers Association's newly issued annual list of the
top brewers, according to MLive.com. Bell's was named the 14th top company for
overall brewing in the country. Last year, Bell's was 13th for overall brewing.
Founders Brewery Co. of Grand Rapids was on the new list as the 30th top craft
brewer in the country and No. 41 for overall brewing.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2013 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Evening Times (Glasgow)

                               May 2, 2014 Friday
                                   2 Edition

Quarriers job-seekers get helping hand at the Hydro

BYLINE: By TONY CONNELLY

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 414 words


YOUNG job-seekers were given VIP treatment at the SSE Hydro.

The group of 10 from the [#x2028]social care charity Quarriers were given a
behind-the-scenes tour of the 12,500-capacity arena.

It was access all areas for the Quarriers goup. The Bridge of Weir-based charity
helps vulnerable young people, those with disabilities, the homeless and
families with practical help and advice during difficult times.

The day out was part of Quarriers Learning Development Initiative, which helps
young people develop their [#x2028]numeracy and literacy skills so they can
prepare and [#x2028]improve their prospects for finding work or accessing
[#x2028]further education.

The tour took the group round the Hydro, giving them access to the executive
boxes, green room, backstage area and the restaurant, where a buffet lunch was
provided.

An employability workshop was held afterwards, which featured an informal Q&A
[#x2028]session with Hydro staff and employers.

Heather Weir, project [#x2028]manager at Quarriers, said: "This gives our
service users the chance to hear from employers what they are looking for in an
employee.

"It shows them the opportunities available and helps with their confidence in
pursuing those opportunities."

Heather set up the scheme eight years ago with the [#x2028]aim that it would
help [#x2028]disadvantaged people find employment.

She said: "I want to be able to give them the skills and [#x2028]confidence so
that they are capable of improving their lives."

Caz Dunlop came into contact with the Quarriers' James Shields project in 2010
after she became homeless.

The 28-year-old, who has benefited from the learning project and is now a mentor
for younger people, said: "My [#x2028]literacy and numeracy has definitely
improved a lot.

"When I look back at work I did in 2010 and compare it to now, I can't believe
how far [#x2028]I've come.

"Quarriers have helped me so much and the relationships I have with everyone
here is amazing."

The £10,000 funding for the Quarriers Learning Development Initiative came from
Clydesdale Bank's community awards grant scheme.

The community affairs [#x2028]manager for the bank, Irene Swankie, has worked
closely with Heather Weir to try [#x2028]and develop the best possible steps for
service users of Quarriers.

Fiona Crichton, Head of Partnerships at the SSE [#x2028]Hydro, said: "The
economic impact of this venue for live entertainment is impressive.

"As an official partner of The SSE Hydro, Clydesdale Bank are supporting a venue
which is generating real [#x2028]economic and employment benefits."

tony.connelly@eveningtimes.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Guests from The Quarriers village enjoyed an employability workshop at
the Hydro in Glasgow Picture: Stuart Wallace

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ET


                      Copyright 2014 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Innovating for social and economic impact;
The Business Excellence framework has helped A*Star seek continual improvements
to its research and development efforts.

BYLINE: Denyse Yeo , Innovating for social and economic impact

SECTION: HUB; Business Excellence 2014

LENGTH: 864 words


AS Singapore's key research and development arm, the Agency for Science,
Technology and Research (A*Star) takes innovation very seriously.

It is, after all, at the heart of what the agency does, especially as the
country gears up to become an innovation-driven economy.

A*Star's Business Excellence (BE) Framework keeps this mission in mind. The
framework helps to map out and drive the early stages of research as well as
industry collaborations, so that commercialisation of research and development
(R&D) is successful, said A*Star's managing director, Raj Thampuran. The
agency's business excellence journey started in 2009 with its Singapore Quality
Class certification. This year, it won the Innovation Excellence Award.

"The business excellence framework has hence allowed A*Star to better gauge its
progress and measure success in key areas such as leadership, planning, people
management and customers, bringing about useful insights to drive a change-ready
and future-ready A*Star," said Prof Thampuran.

He noted that through the framework, employees and stakeholders are consistently
engaged to seek continual improvements to R&D that address areas of unmet
economic and social needs.

"This has seen a sustained pipeline of projects that bring about economic and
social impact," he added.

These include developing new technologies to help multinational corporations
scale their business as well as technological upgrading for small and medium
enterprises (SMEs).

For example, A*Star's SME initiatives such as the Technology Adoption and the
Headstart programmes offer companies technology solutions for easy adoption,
greater access to business-friendly licensing schemes, and research expertise.

One of 10 statutory boards under the Ministry of Trade and Industry, A*Star
oversees 14 biomedical and physical sciences and engineering research
institutes, and six consortia and centres. Its work has led to the growth of new
sectors in Singapore, such as biologics, medtech, pharma and food and nutrition.
Among its stellar achievements are sequencing the Sars virus and developing an
H1N1 vaccine.

The agency has also adopted the Innovation Management Framework that allows
innovation to thrive. An eight-step R&D process ensures an integrated value
chain throughout, from the spark of an idea to the commercialisation of a
product.

A*Star's Talent Development Framework also offers multiple career paths for
research staff so that they can reach their fullest potential while contributing
to the organisation and the country.

More than 1,300 PhD scholarships have been awarded to local students under this
framework. The different pathways include scientific (research in research
institutes and universities), academia (research and teaching in universities),
industry (research in the private sector) and administration in research
councils and more.

Prof Thampuran said that talent is "a key ingredient to scientific advancement
and technological progress" and that nurturing these scientific talents will
help Singapore become "a hub for research excellence".

"Apart from driving the talent pool within the organisation, A*Star is also
committed to support the building of the science and technology talent pool.
Through private-public sector partnerships, new developments in business and R&D
are underway, creating high-value jobs and growth," he said.

The agency is not content to rest on its laurels. It plans to keep pace with
global developments through different activities, such as study trips as well as
examining the feasibility and impact of research ventures in Singapore. A*Star
has also introduced several major R&D initiatives, including digital
manufacturing, skin biology and food and nutrition.

Said Prof Thampuran: "The pursuit of value and excellence is not simply an end
in itself, but a means for us to apply our intellectual energy and expertise on
value-creation and to deliver outcomes that have a positive impact for
Singapore. A*Star will remain dedicated to nurturing an organisation driven by
the mission to generate economic growth and improving lives through knowledge
based efforts."

WINNING WORKS

A*STAR has an integrated Innovation Management Framework that has resulted in a
number of successful multi-disciplinary research projects. These include:


o Co-developing a diagnostic kit with pharmaceutical giant Roche during the Sars
crisis in 2003. The kit played a crucial part in helping Singapore keep the
virus under control and preventing it from spreading. It halved the time taken
to track the origin of infection, making investigative and quarantine responses
more efficient.
o Leading Singapore's largest and most comprehensive birth cohort study, called
Growing Up in Singapore Towards Healthy Outcomes (GUSTO). More than 1,200
mother-child pairs volunteered for the study, which sought to understand how
conditions in pregnancy and early childhood influence a child's development and
health. The findings helped to create better clinical practice techniques, such
as MRI scans for infants without any need for sedation.
o Test-bedding smart city urban systems in the Jurong Lake District, which will
eventually be scaled up to a national level.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 'The pursuit of value and excellence is not simply an end in itself,
but a means for us to apply our intellectual energy and expertise on
value-creation and to deliver outcomes that have a positive impact for
Singapore.' - A*Star managing director Raj Thampuran

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 28, 2012 Monday

African Water Facility Helps Boost Socio-economic Development in Ethiopia and
South-Sudan through Water Investments

LENGTH: 482  words

DATELINE: Tunis


    Millions of people living in the Baro-Akobo-Sobat (BAS) area of the Nile
Basin are to benefit from a range of multi-purpose water resources projects to
be planned by the Nile Basin Initiative.  On May 4, the African Development
Bank approved a [#x20ac]2 million grant from the African Water Facility to
finance the development study needed to attract the investments required to
implement them. The overall project is supported jointly by the New Partnership
 for Africa's Development- Infrastructure Project Preparation Facility
(NEPAD-IPPF).  "This project is expected to lead to co-operative identification
 and the preparation of big investments in the field of hydropower, irrigation,
 and possibly navigation" said Akiça Bahri, Coordinator, African Water
Facility.  "The Facility considers this to be a project of the highest
importance for Ethiopia and South Sudan, where the potential of the available
untapped water resources is very promising."  Led by the Eastern Nile Technical
 Regional Office (ENTRO), the technical arm of the Nile Basin Initiative, the
development study funded by the African Water Facility, will support
investments efforts to finance the BAS development programme. The region holds
tremendous potential for the cooperative development of water resources, if
enhanced, promises significant socio-economic impacts that can reduce poverty.
  In addition, the programme is expected to provide a framework for effective
cooperative governance of water resources, and to promote regional cooperation
and environmental integrity.  The activities planned around the study will be
implemented over three years. They comprise:      * Developing an integrated
water resources management and development plan for the BAS sub-basin;     *
Identifying investment packages and conducting feasibility studies of selected
priority investment projects;     * Identifying multi-purpose, long-term
development projects; and,     * Consulting and engaging stakeholders,
including potential financing agencies as well as the private sector.
Inhabitants of the BAS area estimated at four million  will be the immediate
beneficiaries of the project. The multi-purpose water resources projects
envisaged under the overarching BAS programme include: water supply and
sanitation, hydropower development, irrigation, flood control, drought
management, navigation, fisheries, watershed management and tourism. Estimated
at 200 million people, the rest of the population living in the Eastern Nile
region also stand to gain as many of the outputs, such as electricity,
increased food production, navigation, as well as flood and drought management
will have impact beyond the BAS sub-basin area.  The total cost of the study is
 [#x20ac]3 million, to which NEPAD-IPPF is contributing US$ 667,000, ENTRO
[#x20ac] 290 000, while Eastern Nile countries are contributing in-kind
donations totalling near [#x20ac]260,000.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 20, 2015 Monday

MICHIGAN:$65,000 goal to secure matching grant through MEDC's Public Spaces
Community Places initiative

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Lansing


Economic Development Corporation, The state of Michigan has issued the following
news release:

The Michigan Economic Development Corporation and Ypsilanti-based Growing Hope
today announced a new crowdfunding campaign through Michigan-based crowdfunding
platform Patronicity. The campaign will support the development of a year-round,
indoor-outdoor, permanent farmers market in downtown Ypsilanti's historic
district.

If the Ypsilanti Farmers MarketPlace attains its crowdfunding goal of $65,000 by
June 9, MEDC will provide a $65,000 matching grant. For project details and to
donate, please visit:
https://www.patronicity.com/project/ypsilanti_farmers_marketplace#/.

"Farmers markets have proved to bring many social and economic benefits for
communities," said MEDC Community Development Director Katharine Czarnecki. "The
past success of the Ypsilanti Farmers Markets is proof that this project will
have a tremendous impact on the community."

Growing Hope's Downtown Ypsilanti Farmers Market has been serving visitors from
May to October since 2006. The popularity of the market has exponentially grown
each year. In 2014, the market's Tuesday crowd amounted to 19,866 visitors, 63
small business vendors, and an economic impact of $1,371,795. By implementing a
year-round farmers market, Ypsilanti will benefit from having a community focal
point and constant access to healthy foods.

"We are a nonprofit community organization that has deep roots in Ypsilanti,"
said Michael Edison, President of Growing Hope's board of directors. "Everyone
is welcome at our markets, and the permanent building is easily accessible. If
we can reach our goal we'll be able to double the number of market days each
year for our customers, create more business opportunities for our vendors, and
it will be a great community gathering place, rain or shine."

To create this year-round farmers market, Ypsilanti Farmers MarketPlace will
reclaim an unused 1930s warehouse and an adjacent former bank drive-thru with a
parking lot. With the contributions from this campaign, energy efficient
interior storm windows and insulation, fire safe doors, emergency exits,
lighting, heating and cooling, bathrooms, prep kitchen, and a fire suppression
system will all be installed in the underutilized property. In addition to the
year-round farmers market, Growing Hope will continue to host the open air
Saturday Depot Town Farmers Market from May through October. After completion of
the project, downtown Ypsilanti will have a gathering space that encourages not
only interaction with one another, but also healthy lifestyles.

Public Spaces Community Places is a collaborative effort of the MEDC, the
Michigan Municipal League, and Patronicity where local residents can use
crowdfunding to be part of the development of strategic projects in their
communities and be backed with a matching grant from MEDC. Communities,
non-profits and other business entities can apply at
https://patronicity.com/puremichigan.

Pure Michigan is a brand representing business, talent and tourism initiatives
across Michigan. These efforts are driven by the Michigan Economic Development
Corporation, which serves as the state's marketing arm and lead advocate for
business growth, jobs and opportunity with a focus on helping grow Michigan's
economy.

For more on the MEDC and its initiatives, visit michiganbusiness.org. For
Michigan travel news, updates and information, visit michigan.org. Michigan
residents interested in seeking employment with any of Michigan's growing
companies should check mitalent.org, where more than 95,000 jobs are currently
available in a variety of industries.

Growing Hope's mission is to help people improve their lives and communities
through gardening and healthy food access. For twelve years, it has worked to
help people - in particular those with the most limited resources - grow and
access healthy food.

The organization's Strategic Plan calls for creating Healthy People, Healthy
Places and Healthy Economies by:

increasing the availability of locally grown foods,
    improving the diet and health of our residents,
    creating business opportunities for farmers and small businesses,
    nurturing leadership among youth and adults, and
    building community gardens in Ypsilanti neighborhoods.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Support for Rural Cooperative Businesses and
Organizations

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding 29
grants totaling $5.8 million to help rural cooperatives create jobs and support
business expansion. The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program, which helps fund non-profit groups, such as
rural cooperative development centers and higher education institutions.





 "America's rural communities have incredible potential to create jobs and
expand economic opportunities," Vilsack said. "Many rural businesses and
organizations are succeeding under the cooperative business model, and with
access to additional resources, they can boost job creation and create an
environment where more products are made in rural America. The funding USDA is
announcing today will provide the critical training and technical assistance
rural cooperatives and non-profit groups need to help strengthen America's 'Main
Street' businesses."



 Development centers can use RCDG funds for feasibility studies, strategic
planning, leadership and operations training, and business plan development.
Recipients are required to contribute matching funds that equal 25 percent of
total project costs.



 Sam Rikkers, Administrator of USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
announced the 29 awardees on Vilsack's behalf during a visit today to the Ohio
Cooperative Development Center (OCDC) at Ohio State University's South Centers
campus in Piketon. OCDC is receiving a $199,984 grant to help businesses and
individuals in rural Ohio and West Virginia explore cooperative opportunities in
several industries, including energy and wood products.



 The Center also will provide a seed grant program to develop and expand
cooperatives. It hopes to assist 20 businesses and eight start-ups. These
efforts are projected to create or save 40 jobs. The Center has provided more
than 2,900 hours of technical assistance since 2011, creating 194 jobs and
retaining 229.



 The Texas Rural Cooperative Center (TRCC) at The University of Texas-Rio Grande
Valley is receiving a $199,393 grant to help start, expand and improve
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in Texas and New Mexico. The Center
is located in the South Texas city of Edinburg in Hidalgo County, one of the
poorest in the United States. It serves a 33-county region that contains more
than 1 million poor people and the largest number of impoverished rural colonias
in the nation. The area receives additional assistance through USDA's
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through StrikeForce,
USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive
community outreach and technical assistance.



 Today's announcement is part of USDA's observance of National Cooperative
Month. Each year in October, the Department highlights the economic impact and
innovation of cooperative businesses, particularly in rural communities.



 Projects in 22 states are receiving RCDG funding. Funding for each project
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.



 Several of the grants support technical assistance to strengthen local and
regional food systems. Over the course of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
(KYF2) Initiative coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. Please view the KYF2 website and use the KYF2 Compass to
locate USDA investments in your community. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on MediumThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website..



 USDA has provided $50.5 million for 257 cooperative grants for projects
nationwide since the start of the Obama Administration. This funding has helped
more than 4,700 businesses. In Fiscal Year 2015, Oregon's Community and Shelter
Assistance Corporation received a $200,000 RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance and training to seven manufactured housing cooperatives. The funds
helped owners of manufactured dwellings form non-profit cooperatives to convert
their parks from investor-owned into resident-owned, creating safe and
affordable dwellings, and stabilized communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
and funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: USDA Announces Support for Rural Cooperative Businesses and
Organizations

LENGTH: 905  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is awarding 29
grants totaling $5.8 million to help rural cooperatives create jobs and support
business expansion. The funds are being provided through the Rural Cooperative
Development Grant (RCDG) program, which helps fund non-profit groups, such as
rural cooperative development centers and higher education institutions.





 "America's rural communities have incredible potential to create jobs and
expand economic opportunities," Vilsack said. "Many rural businesses and
organizations are succeeding under the cooperative business model, and with
access to additional resources, they can boost job creation and create an
environment where more products are made in rural America. The funding USDA is
announcing today will provide the critical training and technical assistance
rural cooperatives and non-profit groups need to help strengthen America's 'Main
Street' businesses."



 Development centers can use RCDG funds for feasibility studies, strategic
planning, leadership and operations training, and business plan development.
Recipients are required to contribute matching funds that equal 25 percent of
total project costs.



 Sam Rikkers, Administrator of USDA's Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
announced the 29 awardees on Vilsack's behalf during a visit today to the Ohio
Cooperative Development Center (OCDC) at Ohio State University's South Centers
campus in Piketon. OCDC is receiving a $199,984 grant to help businesses and
individuals in rural Ohio and West Virginia explore cooperative opportunities in
several industries, including energy and wood products.



 The Center also will provide a seed grant program to develop and expand
cooperatives. It hopes to assist 20 businesses and eight start-ups. These
efforts are projected to create or save 40 jobs. The Center has provided more
than 2,900 hours of technical assistance since 2011, creating 194 jobs and
retaining 229.



 The Texas Rural Cooperative Center (TRCC) at The University of Texas-Rio Grande
Valley is receiving a $199,393 grant to help start, expand and improve
cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses in Texas and New Mexico. The Center
is located in the South Texas city of Edinburg in Hidalgo County, one of the
poorest in the United States. It serves a 33-county region that contains more
than 1 million poor people and the largest number of impoverished rural colonias
in the nation. The area receives additional assistance through USDA's
StrikeForce for Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative. Through StrikeForce,
USDA staff work with state, local and community officials to increase awareness
of USDA programs and help build program participation through intensive
community outreach and technical assistance.



 Today's announcement is part of USDA's observance of National Cooperative
Month. Each year in October, the Department highlights the economic impact and
innovation of cooperative businesses, particularly in rural communities.



 Projects in 22 states are receiving RCDG funding. Funding for each project
announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant
agreement.



 Several of the grants support technical assistance to strengthen local and
regional food systems. Over the course of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country. USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
(KYF2) Initiative coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and
regional food systems. Please view the KYF2 website and use the KYF2 Compass to
locate USDA investments in your community. More information on how USDA
investments are connecting producers with consumers and expanding rural economic
opportunities is available in Chapter IV of USDA Results on MediumThis is an
external link or third-party site outside of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) website..



 USDA has provided $50.5 million for 257 cooperative grants for projects
nationwide since the start of the Obama Administration. This funding has helped
more than 4,700 businesses. In Fiscal Year 2015, Oregon's Community and Shelter
Assistance Corporation received a $200,000 RCDG grant to provide technical
assistance and training to seven manufactured housing cooperatives. The funds
helped owners of manufactured dwellings form non-profit cooperatives to convert
their parks from investor-owned into resident-owned, creating safe and
affordable dwellings, and stabilized communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes;
and funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and
health care facilities. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963 electric
projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Brampton Guardian

                              June 19, 2015 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Peel Region to receive grant money for compost research

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 272  words


PEEL-Peel Region is trying to figure out how to divert more of your food scraps
away from landfill. Brampton MP Bal Gosal, and other dignitaries, today
announced $131,150 in grant money will head Peel's way to help with a study on
compostable materials.

The study, according to the Region, will test-market compost made from Peel
residents' organics bins as an alternative or supplement to traditional
fertilizers at 14 Ontario farms. The cash was announced through a $550 million
Green Municipal Fund endowed to the Federation of Canadian Municipalities (FCM)
for initiatives that promote "higher standards of air, water and soil quality,
and climate protection" "Receiving the GMF grant gives us an opportunity to
document the long-term effects and benefits of compost use in an agricultural
setting," said Larry Conrad, Peel's Manager of Waste Operations, in a release.
"A successful result will help municipalities and compost producers find more
markets for their compost and assist farmers with soil health, boosting crop
production." The study will monitor changes in soil chemistry and crop
productivity and will evaluate environmental, social and economic impacts. Every
year, Peel handles about more than 500,000 tonnes of waste produced by 1.3
million residents, including 102,097 tonnes of recyclable materials from its
blue box program and 33,396 tonnes of organic green. Despite ranking high on the
recycling front - 78 per cent of residents recycle - only about 45 per cent of
households use their green bins. That's compared to 87 per cent participation in
Toronto, 90 per cent in York Region and 78 per cent in Halton.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Brampton Guardian

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Peel Region to receive grant money for compost research

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 272  words


PEEL-Peel Region is trying to figure out how to divert more of your food scraps
away from landfill. Brampton MP Bal Gosal, and other dignitaries, today
announced $131,150 in grant money will head Peel's way to help with a study on
compostable materials.

The study, according to the Region, will test-market compost made from Peel
residents' organics bins as an alternative or supplement to traditional
fertilizers at 14 Ontario farms. The cash was announced through a $550 million
Green Municipal Fund endowed to the Federation of Canadian Municipalities (FCM)
for initiatives that promote "higher standards of air, water and soil quality,
and climate protection" "Receiving the GMF grant gives us an opportunity to
document the long-term effects and benefits of compost use in an agricultural
setting," said Larry Conrad, Peel's Manager of Waste Operations, in a release.
"A successful result will help municipalities and compost producers find more
markets for their compost and assist farmers with soil health, boosting crop
production." The study will monitor changes in soil chemistry and crop
productivity and will evaluate environmental, social and economic impacts. Every
year, Peel handles about more than 500,000 tonnes of waste produced by 1.3
million residents, including 102,097 tonnes of recyclable materials from its
blue box program and 33,396 tonnes of organic green. Despite ranking high on the
recycling front - 78 per cent of residents recycle - only about 45 per cent of
households use their green bins. That's compared to 87 per cent participation in
Toronto, 90 per cent in York Region and 78 per cent in Halton.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday
                                  Mars Edition

City of South Bend, Notre Dame aiming for 5G test grant

BYLINE: Jeff Parrott South Bend Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 890 words


The city of South Bend and University of Notre Dame plan to seek up to $20
million in federal grants that would make the city one of four nationally to
test the next generation of wireless technology.

The city and university hope to become a "5G testbed," meaning the National
Science Foundation would choose South Bend for real-world, city-scale testing of
cutting-edge wireless research from academic and private laboratories. City
leaders hope that local network would draw new tech employers to the area.

As part of the White House Advanced Wireless Research Initiative, the NSF plans
over the next five years to award $85 million in the grants to four test cities.
In announcing the initiative in July, the agency invited representatives of four
cities to an event in Washington, D.C.: New York City, Washington, Kansas City
and South Bend, said Santiago Garces, who made the trip and represented South
Bend as the city's chief innovation officer.

"It's pretty cool," Garces said. "It's a high honor. We're the little guy in the
room but we're punching above our weight."

Notre Dame information technology researcher J. Nicholas Laneman, who attended
the July event with Garces, said the city's history of working with the
university to commercialize academic research could give it a leg up against
other cities competing for the grant. For example, under the Mayor Steve Luecke
administration, the city partnered with Notre Dame researchers in 2004 to
implement wireless sewer sensors that reduce combined sewer overflows into the
St. Joseph River, leading to the formation of a South Bend-based company called
EmNET that now has municipal clients around the country.

The city and Notre Dame also were among the earliest members of MetroLab
Network, a national effort of more than 35 regional city-university partnerships
for innovation.

"There seems to be a general awareness of South Bend as a progressive city along
these sorts of lines," said Laneman, an electrical engineering professor and
co-director of Notre Dame's Wireless Institute.

While EmNET used existing wireless technology in a new way, entirely new
technologies would be developed locally if South Bend is chosen, Laneman said.
He said South Bend would be like a test track facility for automotive engineers.
The NSF would award grants to researchers from other universities and private
labs, enabling them to bring technology they have tested in their small-scale
labs to South Bend for testing on a city-scale.

Up to 25 access devices would be placed throughout the city, likely on
city-owned structures, that would support 100 programmable mobile devices in
need of testing. In terms of short-term economic impact, this would likely
create around 10 high-tech jobs, while also frequently bringing researchers to
town, Laneman said.

But once that infrastructure and knowledge base is in place locally, the city
hopes to be positioned competitively as a testing ground for future generations
of wireless technology. The city and university are calling the project "SBXG,"
where the "x" is a variable representing the next generation, whether it be
fifth, sixth or beyond, Garces said.

The longer-term prospects have Mayor Pete Buttigieg excited.

"It definitely would put us a step ahead and be a great selling point for
newcomers," Buttigieg said.

The mayor said South Bend is arguing for the need to have one of the four cities
be a smaller metro area.

"We're big enough to have the complexities that a big city faces, and yet we're
small enough to be nimble and creative," Buttigieg said. "When you want to bring
technology to scale, it's certainly helpful to have one of the cities be our
size. At the end of the day, there are many more cities like South Bend than New
York."

While the NSF has yet to formally solicit grant proposals, Notre Dame and the
city are planning for that to happen this spring. They would submit their
application around June, with the winners being named about six months later.

Laneman said he largely agrees with how Ericcson, the global information
technology communications giant, has described the evolution of wireless
technology thus far: 1G was about voice, 2G was voice and text, 3G was voice,
texting and data, and 4G was everything in 3G but faster. Now, 5G is envisioned
as everything in 4G but faster, plus entirely new uses yet to be imagined:
everything from driverless vehicles to internet-linked traffic signals, the
so-called "Internet of Things."

The United States led the way in developing the first three generations, but
Europe took the lead in 4G, thanks largely to more concerted cooperation between
academia and the private sector, Laneman said. The NSF's new initiative aims to
recapture U.S. leadership in 5G.

"Before NSF was giving a lot of money to small-scale labs," Laneman said.
"What's been missing is that large-scale testbed."

South Bend area residents wouldn't have access to the technology while it's
being tested, but they could take pride in knowing new products are being tested
and developed locally, along with the potential jobs it could bring. If they win
the grant, Laneman envisions ultimately reaching out to local schools and
encouraging them to incorporate new 5G technology, such as virtual reality.

"I think South Bend would become a hub for high-tech prototyping in this
wireless space," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 15, 2015 Sunday

'Transformational changes': 1889 Foundation begins dual mission of elevating
'population health,' economic impact

BYLINE: Randy Griffith, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1258 words


Nov. 15--After months of research and discussions, stewards of more than $100
million from the sale of Conemaugh Health System say that the windfall can make
"transformational changes" in health and wellness of not only the people here,
but also the region's economy.

"We want to try to wed having an effective approach to population health and, at
the same time, finalizing that approach into something that is going to have a
positive economic impact," said James Hargreaves, 1889 Foundation chairman.

The 1889 Foundation was formerly Conemaugh Health Foundation. It has been
restructured and repurposed over the past year following the sale of Conemaugh
Health System to Duke LifePoint Healthcare. Duke Lifepoint also purchased the
Conemaugh name.

The foundation's volunteer board includes many former health system board
members, including Hargreaves, who chaired the organization through the
acquisition process.

"We came from the largest employer in the region," Hargreaves said during a
meeting with The Tribune-Democrat. "We are very sensitive to economic impact.
That's as high priority as you can get in our region."

'Game-changing difference'

The foundation's four-person staff spent the first few months after the
acquisition handling the remaining bills and financial obligations for former
nonprofit health system organization.

That work is wrapping up, Hargreaves said, and 1889 leaders are ready to put the
task of running a multifaceted health system behind them.

"That's (Duke Lifepoint's) problem now," Hargreaves said. "Our problem is to go
about using the funds to really try to make a material, game-changing difference
in our region."

Hargreaves and foundation President Susan Mann said the organization will be
making its first funding announcement in the next few weeks. The vision is huge,
they admit, but add that it will take new, innovative ideas -- and a lot of
money -- to help turn the region around.

"It will be a little different approach than many people thought of, maybe,"
Hargreaves said.

There is a lot of cash to drive the work. Duke Lifepoint's $536.3 million
acquisition agreement called for the new owners to invest $425 million in new
facilities and upgrades and pay $111.3 million cash, which would go to the
foundation.

'Systemic problems'

Although leaders said last year that some cash would pay off Conemaugh
obligations, Hargreaves said the foundation is starting its philanthropy with an
endowment "in excess of $100 million" from the sale. Combined with the $10
million endowment accrued by the Conemaugh Health Foundation since 1993, there
is now about $120 million invested. Allocations will be made from the earnings
on the total.

To get started, 1889 leaders turned to the United Way of the Laurel Highlands
and a survey developed to examine the region's underlying problems. The
community needs assessment is being updated again, but the 2013 study included a
grocery list of health issues -- led by diabetes, obesity, drug abuse and
tobacco use.

Armed with the data, foundation leaders began investigating and reaching out to
national programs with proven results in those areas. The idea, Mann said, is to
fund those initiatives in this area.

While the foundation will consider funding any successful local programs,
bringing in innovative alternatives can help this area become a laboratory for
showcasing best practices and evidence-based approaches, Hargreaves said.

And don't expect to hear a list of 30 organizations getting $25,000 to $50,000
grants, he said. Individual allocations will be well into six figures, with some
topping $1 million every year.

"We are looking at long-term systemic problems," Hargreaves said "You don't
solve them with $100,000 or $200,000."

The 1889 Foundation's board members developed the think-big strategy after
talking to other health conversion foundations established through the sale of
non-profit hospitals. Some that went the route of making numerous smaller grants
reported that they were having second thoughts, Mann said.

The local organization has already seen an advantage to the approach, Mann said.
When renowned organizations hear about the 1889 Foundation's vision, it gets
some attention.

"It's a different conversation when you say, 'We are going to give $1 million,'"
she said.

'Get their attention'

It took a little time to truly appreciate the possibilities, Hargreaves said.

"I think the challenge to the board is to broaden our perspective," Hargreaves
said, predicting the foundation will be able to distribute 4 percent earnings
each year on its $120 million.

That is nearly $5 million a year invested in the community, he noted.

"You talk to other partners, you immediately get their attention," Hargreaves
said. "That has been a very nice thing. People who wouldn't pick up the phone
before are calling me."

The foundation's leaders have some ideas and will be rolling them out in the
coming weeks, Mann said.

"We are starting to now narrow it down to looking at what those focus areas are
and how we can truly make transformational changes," she said.

Bigger allocations can bring even more clout by providing matching funds to
leverage government and national philanthropic grants, Mann said. If the results
can reduce health costs, insurance companies may bring in even more money, she
added, noting that leaders have had discussions with state legislators and
Secretary of Health Karen Murphy.

State Sen. John Wozniak, D-Westmont, said he looks forward to the foundation's
involvement and welcomes its commitment to economic development.

Implementing some of the ideas may become tricky because of the new
organization's structure. By-laws of the new 1889 Foundation were approved by
the state attorney general's office as part of its oversight of the Conemaugh
acquisition. Its mission of "identifying and meeting the greatest health and
wellness needs" of the region cannot directly benefit Conemaugh under Duke
LifePoint's for-profit ownership.

"We are not allowed to go out and directly support them, but we expect to have
cooperation," Hargreaves said.

"We can't do population health without the biggest health care provider," Mann
added.

'Created a vision'

Conemaugh Health System CEO Scott Becker volunteers on the 1889 board. While he
wouldn't talk about the foundation's plans, he said the health system and its
corporate owners will welcome community involvement.

During groundbreaking ceremonies Friday for the new Conemaugh East Hills
Outpatient Center. Becker commended Hargreaves and other board members for their
work in guiding Conemaugh through the acquisition.

"They created a vision of what Conemaugh could be to the region," Becker said.
"They attracted a partner willing to invest $550 million in this community.
That's one hell of a vision.

"Many of them now serve on the 1889 Foundation board, where they continue to be
able to drive a process that continues to invigorate Johnstown."

The challenge is to identify programs that benefit large numbers of people,
Hargreaves said.

"When it comes to population health, there are whole lot of questions involved
in that," Hargreaves said. "There are more questions than answers.

"If we get the right people here to make it work, we will get more of the right
people to make more of it work -- and bring this area some recognition."

Randy Griffith covers health care for the Tribune-Democrat. Follow him on
Twitter @photogriffer57.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151115-JO-Transformational-changes-1889-Foundation-begins-dual-mission-of-elev
ating-population-health-economic-impact-1115-20151115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Democrat


                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

Dayton Foundation offers $200,000 for river project;
Grant will help encourage water sports on Great Miami River.

BYLINE: By Steve Bennish Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 272 words


DAYTON - A $4 million project to engineer the Great Miami River downtown to
encourage water sports got a boost with Monday's announcement of a $200,000
grant from The Dayton Foundation.

The River Run Project is the next phase of development at RiverScape MetroPark.
It'll remove the hazardous Monument Avenue low dam and replace it with two safe,
scenic drops designed for paddling sports.

The river project has secured a $1 million challenge grant from the James M. Cox
Foundation and is the top priority of the Greater Downtown Dayton Plan because
of its potential economic impact.

"It is so critical to the development and implementation of the plan for our
region's core," said Jerry Tatar, chair of the Foundation's grants committee and
Foundation Board chair-elect.

"We are thrilled The Dayton Foundation is helping move this project forward,"
Mike Ervin, co-chairman of the Downtown Dayton Partnership and Greater Downtown
Dayton Plan, said. "This project is critical to a vibrant downtown, but it is
much more. It will contribute to the economic development of our entire region,
whether you live in Tipp City or Centerville."

Ervin added: "We're very pleased with the progress toward fundraising for the
River Run project and other initiatives of the Greater Downtown Dayton Plan.
It's exciting that so many businesses, organizations and individuals understand
how important it is for the overall prosperity of our region."

Ervin said he hopes to have most of the funding lined up by year's end. "I'm
optimistic we will get there," he said Monday. "We've had nothing but positive
responses from the organizations we've worked with."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             June 19, 2001, Tuesday

THE FINDINGS ARE A LONG-AWAITED REBUTTAL TO AN UNFLATTERING REPORT ON THE ARTS
IN POLK LAST YEAR.; STUDY: ARTS PUMP $ 35 MILLION INTO POLK

BYLINE: GEORGE GRAHAM The Ledger

SECTION: Business; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 609 words


BARTOW -- The Polk County arts community got its long-awaited rebuttal to Ross
Boyle's controversial report Monday.

A University of South Florida study unveiled at the Central Florida Development
Council's monthly meeting shows the county's economy benefits to the tune of $
35 million a year from the arts.

Boyle's firm, Growth Strategies Organization Inc. of Vail, Colo., was
commissioned by the CFDC to determine the county's needs and opportunities in
attracting new business.

The study was funded by the national GTE Foundation.

When the CFDC released the Boyle Report in January 2000, arts organizations in
Polk County were outraged. The report gave the county a score of 1.6 out of a
possible 100 for arts and recreation.

Major omissions included the Imperial Symphony Orchestra, Theatre Winter Haven
and Bok Tower Gardens.

L. Preston Mercer, dean and executive director of USF-Lakeland, partnered with
Dan Stetson, director of the Polk Museum of Art and president of the Cultural
Arts Board, to initiate a study on the economic impact of the arts. They secured
a $ 15,000 USF community initiative grant for the project.

Conducted by USF researcher Susan Earl, the study showed these direct
contributions from the county's arts organizations:

Direct salaries: $ 4.7 million

Total annual budgets: $ 15.8 million

Number of employees: 647

Capital assets: $ 38.3 million

Direct spending $ 11 million

Total operating dollars: $ 11.1 million

Indirect contributions considered in the study included:

Indirect spending in the community: $ 18 million

Indirect audience spending: $ 6 million

A total of 3,554 events attracted 576,004 people, with 342,176 getting in free.
Average admission cost was $ 8.50.

Earl said the economic impact would be higher were it not for the large number
of volunteers and low salary levels in the arts.

Volunteers totaled 2,367 and contributed a total of 88,029 hours, she said.

Earl also noted that many of the cultural events in Polk County are free.

Reasoning that the dollars spent by the arts organizations provide jobs in other
areas of the economy, USF researchers estimated the arts also create indirect
employment for 940 people in the community.

To arrive at the economic impact total of $ 35 million, researchers used
multipliers provided by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis.

"The multipliers were all below 1.6," Mercer said. He added that in both Orlando
and Tampa, a multiplier of 1.9 was used to calculate the arts' economic impact.

A report by Price Waterhouse Coopers and the Tampa Bay Business Committee for
the Arts put the economic impact of the arts in Hillsborough and Pinellas
counties at more than $ 400 million, Mercer said.

The cultural arts in Florida spend an average of $ 738 million a year, and have
an economic impact of $ 1.4 billion, he added.

Franci Rudolph, executive director of the Tampa Bay Business Committee for the
Arts, said sports events get a lot of credit for bringing dollars into a
community, while the arts, which are equally important, are ignored.

She said events like the Super Bowl are one-time benefits while culture and the
arts are year-round.

(Polk County's Sports Marketing agency reported 140 events were attracted to
Polk last year providing an economic impact of $ 84 million.)

"Sports get a whole section of the newspaper while the arts get a page," Rudolph
complained.

Realtor Gene Engel asked Rudolph what businesses could do to help the arts grow
in Polk County.

"Contribute to the arts," she responded.

George Graham can be reached at george.graham@theledger.com or 863-802-7533.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2001 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                            January 24, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Toronto Pride passes test, then denied federal funding

BYLINE: Jennifer Ditchburn, The Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 385  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Toronto's 2010 Pride Week festival passed the test for federal stimulus funding
before it got passed over, The Canadian Press has learned.

Federal bureaucrats had declared the festival a good candidate for stimulus
funding before Industry Minister Tony Clement ultimately announced the bid had
been rejected.

Toronto Pride, the organization that runs the 10-day gay and lesbian festival,
had been successful a year earlier in scoring a $400,000 grant under the Marquee
Tourism Events Program (MTEP).

For 2010, organizers had asked for $630,000 to fund initiatives that would bring
in more high-profile performers, improve facilities, boost marketing and help
better train volunteers.

A team of civil servants at Industry Canada studied their lengthy application,
which included an independent economic impact study. The study concluded federal
help in 2009 had increased visitor spending by $6 million, with 200,000 more
tourists pouring into Toronto than the year before.

Some 275,000 more people were projected to attend if the festival got a second
year of funding, bringing total attendance to close to 1.5 million. Industry
Canada officials who reviewed event applications were satisfied that Toronto
Pride Week, one of the three largest gay and lesbian events in the world, was a
good bet for a second year in a row.

The program sought applicants who would bring in more tourism and also attract
international media attention.

"The Tier Advisory Committee had reviewed the proposed project and the Committee
is satisfied it meets the eligibility criteria and program objectives of the
MTEP," an internal project summary notes. Toronto Pride appeared in April on a
list of a half-dozen eligible events in Ontario.

The documents were obtained under Access-to-Information laws.

Toronto Pride staff had no inkling they would not be getting the money before
the recipients were announced in May. One bureaucrat wrote to Pride's director
of fundraising asking for clarification in February of certain documents, noting
that things were otherwise, "going great."

But by May 7, a list of recipients was released by the department and Pride Week
2010 was not on it.

Clement told reporters at the time the decision had nothing to do with the
nature of Pride week, but rather about the limited number of events approved per
city.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Toronto's 2010 Pride Week festival, a 10-day gay and lesbian festival
including a popular parade, was denied stimulus funding to bring in more
high-profile performers, improve facilities, boost marketing and train
volunteers. Adrien Veczan, The Canadian Press, file

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday

310,000 small businesses affected by floods: Smeda chief says

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVI No. 258

LENGTH: 480  words


Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (Smeda) has estimated that
around 310,000 small businesses were affected by the devastating floods across
the country, majority of which were subsistence enterprises with less than 10
employees and an annual turnover below Rs 500, 000.

Smeda Chief Executive Officer Shahid Rashid revealed this in a meeting held here
Friday to discuss rehabilitative steps required to counter post-flood recovery
challenges facing the nation amid the worst natural disaster and rehabilitation
of small and medium enterprises.

Rashid said the economic impact of the floods has yet to be fully quantified
though it is evident that agriculture sector has been hit hardest. Many of these
ventures were established with less than Rs 1,500,000 investment, relying on
loans from relatives and the accumulated life savings of these entrepreneurs.

Significantly hampered already, these enterprises have to contend with new
obstacles as floodwater has eroded an already weak infrastructure and in some
cases has swept away the people's livelihood and future dreams, he added. Most
of the flood affectees will become part of the 2.93 million that were already
unemployed, choking the stream of income being earned by these displaced
Pakistanis while further adding a burden to already scant resources.

Reduced income and subsequent reduced savings would adversely impact the GDP
that is already affected because of diminishing revenue and increasing
expenditures as a result of this tragedy, Rashid maintained.

About the relief measures, he said as donor organisations have been mobilised on
a massive scale to meet the immediate humanitarian needs of the flood affectees,
other public sector and social development organisations have also started
socio-economic initiatives to create employment opportunities and spur
development in flood stricken areas.

Expressing Smeda's role in contributing towards post-flood development in the
affected districts, the CEO highlighted some of the key proposals that Smeda
would be promoting in upcoming months.

Among these measures, a Credit Mark-up Sharing Fund for the Flood Affected SMEs
is noteworthy so as to provide subsidised financing opportunities to affected
SMEs. A dedicated Helpline for SMEs has also been proposed, endeavouring to
provide a "One Stop Shop" and facilitate affected SMEs in their business needs.
Other initiatives being proposed include providing grants and soft loans to SMEs
for recuperating their businesses and restoring their livelihood.

Furthermore, he added, short term skills training, upgrading of existing skill
base and diversification of occupations has also been planned to prepare flood
affectees for those trades that will be in high demand during the recovery phase
such as supply of construction material, agricultural implements and inputs,
logistics, masonry, carpentry and welding.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Rural Infrastructure Authority Joins Golden LEAF in Announcing
$35M in Grants

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Commerce, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:



 Secretary of Commerce John E. Skvarla, III, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman Tommy Hester and Golden LEAF President Dan Gerlach announced today
approximately $35 million in grants to provide needed infrastructure to seven
large industrial sites across North Carolina. The goal is to increase site
competitiveness and reduce the time needed for site development to attract major
projects with substantial job creation and private capital investment.









 The Major Site Development Initiative (MSDI) is a joint effort among the Golden
LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy. The
collaborative effort  was announced on April 7, 2016.







 "These funds are being applied strategically to make sites with the greatest
job-generating potential as shovel-ready as possible," said Commerce Secretary
Skvarla. "This additional infrastructure should significantly boost North
Carolina's appeal for big-ticket projects."







 Awards were derived from $25 million in Golden LEAF grants and up to $10
million in Rural Infrastructure Authority grants from the Industrial Development
Fund - Utility Account. Duke Energy contributed support toward the analysis of
readiness of sites to qualify for this initiative.







 The Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the following grants under the MSDI:




 o    $1,679,700 to Edgecombe County for "Kingsboro Mega-Site Infrastructure (A
CSX Select Site)" to support water, sewer and road infrastructure and a
groundwater study.



 o    $1,418,000 to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" to support sewer infrastructure.



 o    $3,000,000 to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" to support water
infrastructure.



 o    $1,782,000 to Franklin County for sewer improvements at Triangle North
Franklin.



 o    $773,822 to Pitt County for sewer and road improvements at Indigreen
Corporate Park.







 The IDF-Utility Account is funded with a portion of Job Development Investment
Grant (JDIG)



 proceeds.







 "The aim of the Utility Account is to help less populated counties modernize
their industrial product," said Tommy Hester, Rural Infrastructure Authority
Chairman. "These grants help put the finishing touches on big sites with big
potential."







 The Golden LEAF Foundation awarded the following grants under the MSDI:







 o    $7 million to the Carolinas Gateway Partnership for the project "Kingsboro
Mega-Site



 Infrastructure (A CSX Select Site)" for additional infrastructure.  (described
above).



 o    $7 million to the City of Greensboro for the project "Greensboro-Randolph
MegaSite



 Sewer Extension" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the City of Sanford for the project "Moncure MegaSite"
(described above).



 o    $3 million to the City of Shelby for the project "Farmville Road Water
System



 Improvements Serving Washburn Switch Business Park" (described above).



 o    $4 million to the Town of Siler City for the project "Chatham-Siler City
Advanced Manufacturing (CAM) Site Water & Wastewater Service" to support water
and wastewater infrastructure.







 "Our Board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF President. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."







 The funded entities met a standard set of criteria, including public ownership
or public control of a site that is at least 150 contiguous acres, appropriate
local financial support, recent private- sector interest in developing an
industrial project at the site, and a strategy to market the site to identified
clients. Submissions included independent evaluations of site readiness and
qualification.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 25, 2012 Wednesday

Summit talks border economy's challenges

BYLINE: Jared Janes, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 702 words


July 25--Border communities must become more competitive at attracting Mexican
customers to ensure economic stability in the face of state and federal budget
cuts, McAllen Mayor Richard Cortez said Tuesday as he was flanked by mayors from
other border cities.

In McAllen, where about one-third of the local economy hinges on spending from
government entitlement programs, shrinking federal and state budgets will hamper
economic growth, Cortez said during a panel discussion about economic challenges
faced by border cities. But McAllen can make up the difference through measures
to attract more Mexican shoppers, who represented about 36 percent of the city's
sales tax revenue last year.

"We have a great opportunity to make ourselves attractive and competitive to add
the consumption" of Mexican shoppers, Cortez said. "We want those seeking goods
and services in the United States to choose our border cities to do that."

Cortez said border cities must work with state and federal government to take
another look at the visa process to make it easier for Mexicans to legally
travel here, must work to expedite traffic at border ports of entry, and must
preserve sales tax rebate programs that attract cross-border shoppers.

Cortez made his comments during a border mayor panel discussion at an economic
summit organized by the National Association of Latino Community Asset Builders,
a group that represents nonprofit community development and asset building
organizations. Other sessions at the summit included discussions on the economic
impact of the Eagle Ford Shale boom and ways to leverage funding for community
development along the border.

NALCAB executive director Noel Poyo said the annual summit provides a place for
nonprofit executives, public policy makers and local elected officials to
discuss ways to improve the border economy. Complaints from border nonprofits
about their lack of access to capital at last year's summit led the federal
government to develop the Border Community Capital Initiative, a program
announced in June that can fill in the financing gap for those groups.

Despite residents' obstacles accessing health care or education and challenges
brought on by Mexico's drug war, border economies are seeing growth, he said.
But the summit can help further by bringing together nonprofits that can act as
an engine of growth with financial sources from the private or public sector.

"This is an economy that requires a particular understanding and is particularly
misunderstood," he said. "Nowhere else is making the connection between federal
resources and border communities."

Those resources include the Border Community Capital Initiative, a partnership
formed between three federal agencies last month to provide credit, capital and
financial services to underserved populations along the border.

The initiative is built around U.S. Housing and Urban Development grants of up
to $200,000 for nonprofit community lenders and investors that serve colonia
residents. Under the initiative, a border nonprofit could receive assistance
with completing a market study to begin a lending business and then provide
microloans to colonia residents.

By using a small infusion of federal funds, the federal government can increase
access to capital in colonias that often lack access to traditional funding
sources, said Don Graves, the executive director of the President's Council on
Jobs and Competitiveness at the White House.

"For the small amount of money we are able to provide, these nonprofits are able
to leverage that up to five, 10 or even 20 times what the federal government
does on its own," Graves said of the Border Community Capital Initiative. "When
you get the nonprofits who understand the community's makeup and needs and you
bring in the private sector, as well, it becomes an even more effective
initiative or set of programs."

Jared Janes covers Hidalgo County government, Edinburg and legislative issues
for The Monitor. He can be reached at jjanes@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4424.

TWITTER

Follow Jared Janes on Twitter: @moncounty

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120725-MC-Summit-talks-border-economy-s-challenges-0725-20120725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                           January 13, 2010 Wednesday

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 107  words



HIGHLIGHT: Boost for tourism


TOOWOOMBA and Golden West Tourism will receive a special funding grant of
$72,000 to measure the economic impact of tourism to the region and conduct a
feasibility study into developing the region's reputation for handmade products,
Tourism Minister Peter Lawlor announced.

Mr Lawlor said the 'Handmade in Country' brand initiative aimed to establish a
creative or cultural products industry based on heritage trades, crafts and
skills in the Toowoomba and Darling Downs region.

Southern Downs and Granite Belt Regional Tourism will also receive a special
funding grant of $70,000 to develop an interpretive trail celebrating the
region's heritage.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces Agriculture, Forestry Planning Grants for
Orange County, City of Richmond

LENGTH: 1166  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Governor Terry McAuliffe announced today the award of two planning grants from
the Governor's Agriculture and Forestry Industries Development Fund (AFID).
Projects in Orange County and the City of Richmond have been awarded $40,000 to
support the growth of agricultural and forestry projects in the Commonwealth.

These are the ninth and tenth awards the Governor has made from the AFID
planning grant program, established to encourage local governments to work
strategically with their agricultural communities to identify projects and
opportunities that can bring important benefits to local producers and the
community as a whole.

Speaking about the AFID planning grant awards, Governor McAuliffe said,
"Innovative efforts and partnerships in agriculture are integral to building a
new Virginia economy.  The Commonwealth's legacies in both history and
agriculture are tremendous, and today our communities promote not only those
legacies, but also strive to better develop them to enhance their economies.  In
addition, with such a powerful agricultural economy producing so many
high-quality and wholesome products, we need to work harder to get those
products into food deserts and bridge the nutritional divide, one of the First
Lady's most important initiatives.  I believe it is important to use all the
tools we have at our disposal, like the AFID, to capitalize on our strengths and
move our economy forward."

"I am pleased to see the AFID planning grant program being utilized in both
rural and urban localities across the state," said Secretary of Agriculture and
Forestry Todd Haymore.  "With these two projects coming online, the program has
helped 50 localities further develop agriculture and forestry assets in their
economic development and jobs creation strategic plans.  I applaud Orange County
and the City of Richmond for their commitment to agriculture and willingness to
learn more about how best to utilize it to the benefit of their economies and
their citizens."

The AFID planning grant program, funded annually at $250,000, was developed to
encourage localities to plan strategically how they can better support and
integrate agriculture- and forestry-based businesses into their overall economic
development and job creation efforts. Since its creation in 2012, AFID planning
grants have been awarded to 25 projects in 50 localities across the
Commonwealth, leveraging more than $505,000 in funding.  The planning grants are
part of the larger Governor's AFID program, an economic development tool
specifically tailored for agriculture and forestry value-added or processing
projects.

"Orange County looks forward to this partnership with The Montpelier Foundation
to assess potential agribusiness and agritourism opportunities to benefit
Montpelier and to advance economic development efforts within the county." said
Lee Frame, Chairman of Orange County Board of Supervisors.

"I am extremely pleased the City has been selected to receive this AFID planning
grant," said Richmond Mayor Dwight C. Jones. "It will aid in the development of
a Food System Plan to promote urban agriculture, nutrition education, community
engagement, policy change and overall access to healthy food for low-income,
low-access communities in Richmond. This plan furthers the work of the Food
Policy Task Force I established in July 2011 to ensure all residents have access
to healthy foods and an understanding of the impact it has on both an
individual's health and the health of the community at-large."

AFID planning and facility grants are available for political subdivisions of
the Commonwealth interested in growing their agriculture and forestry industries
by strategically targeting businesses that add value to Virginia-grown
agriculture and forest products.  Nearly $1.8 million in AFID facility grant
funding has helped create 1,266 jobs and spur more than $145.3 million in
capital investment throughout the Commonwealth since the first announcement in
December 2012.

The Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) administers
the AFID program, and planning grant applications are accepted on a rolling
basis throughout the fiscal year.  Successful funding requests must demonstrate
a clear need, a proposed solution, strong support from local government and the
agriculture and forestry community, and the ability to provide cash or in-kind
matching funds.  Localities interested in applying may visit
http://vdacs.virginia.gov/agribusiness/planning.shtml or contact AFID Fund
Coordinator Stephen Versen at stephen.versen@vdacs.virginia.gov or 804.786.6911
for more information.

Details on the grant awards are below:

Project Title: Assessing Opportunities for Agriculture and Agritourism at
Montpelier
    Applicant:       Orange County
    Award:           $20,000
    Summary:       The overall project purpose is to explore sustainable
agriculture and agritourism opportunities that fit Montpelier's mission and the
rural character of its Orange County surroundings, while offering the potential
to generate jobs, spur enterprise development, increase visitation, and enhance
income in the region.  Virginia Tech's Office of Economic Development, in
coordination with the Orange County Ag-Ventures Working Group, will conduct the
study.

Project Title: Building a Sustainable Food System Plan in Richmond
    Applicant:       City of Richmond
    Award:           $20,000
    Summary:       The City of Richmond's Food Access and Equity Task Force,
with assistance from the Institute for Public Health Innovation, will conduct a
local food access and equity policy assessment.  They will also develop a new
Food System Plan to promote urban agriculture, nutrition education, community
engagement, and policy changes that will improve overall access to healthy food
for low-income, low-access communities in Richmond.  Key components of the plan
include identifying parcels of land near food deserts which are appropriate for
urban agricultural development, conducting focus groups and surveys within
target neighborhoods and developing policy recommendations that will reduce food
access barriers citywide.

According to a 2013 economic impact study conducted by the Weldon Cooper Center
for Public Service at the University of Virginia, agriculture and forestry are
two of Virginia's largest private industries with a combined economic impact of
$70 billion annually.  Agriculture generates more than $52 billion per annum,
while forestry generates more than $17 billion.  The industries also provide
more than 400,000 jobs in the Commonwealth.  More information about the Weldon
Cooper Center's study can be found at
http://www.coopercenter.org/node/2/publications/economic-impacts
-agriculture-and-forestry-virginia-revised-2012.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

South Carolina: USDA Grant Funding Boosts Public Safety in an Indiana Town

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: Columbia


Department of Agriculture, The State of South Carolina has issued the following
news release:

USDA Rural Development staff visited with Jasonville, Indiana town officials
earlier this month during a ceremony celebrating the town's purchase of a new
flex fuel police vehicle.

Utilizing an Economic Impact Initiative (EII) Grant to fund 75 percent of the
vehicle purchase price, Assistant Police Chief James E. Gadberry talked about
how pleased the department was in working with USDA Rural Development.

He also noted three days after the vehicle arrived, it played an instrumental
role during a high speed chase involving a suspected methamphetamine
distributor.  The vehicle performed perfectly during the pursuit and ultimate
apprehension of the individual.

Rural Development Indiana State Director Phil Lehmkuhler said, "Rural
Development appreciates the dangerous job done by those who serve as police
officers.  It is our hope that these funds will help to make their jobs safer
and the citizens of Jasonville more secure."
EII grants are available to rural communities with a "not employed" rate of
greater than 19-1/2 percent to help develop essential community facilities. One
goal of the EII program is to provide funding for rural first responder
agencies.

Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the Communities Facilities
program has provided more than $83 million in direct loans, guaranteed loans and
grants that have enabled rural emergency responders to purchase more than 1,360
emergency vehicles, including about 210 ambulances, over 710 police cars and 440
fire trucks.

For further information please http://blogs.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bristol Post

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

UWE Teaching business in the real world

BYLINE: Tim Hughes; Professor of Applied Marketing, Faculty of Business & Law,
UWE

SECTION: BUSINESS:OTHER; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 801  words


CONNECTING with businesses and organisations, particularly in the university's
local region, is essential to ensure that what is taught to students is leading
edge and equips them for the world of work.

Furthermore, a university business school can provide an important resource for
the local economy in exchanging knowledge and facilitating innovation and
growth.

However, when I entered academia 14  years ago I found there to be less
interaction with business than I expected and a tendency by some academics to
focus mainly on engaging with other academics.

In support of my first impressions, there has been a long running discussion in
important journals, such as the Harvard Business Review and the British Journal
of Management, on how to make management research more relevant to practice.

Various policy initiatives have taken place in recent years to encourage
academics to demonstrate that their research is creating public value.

Research councils require applicants for research grants to demonstrate how they
plan to achieve wider social and economic impact with their proposed research.

In addition, the recent evaluation of university research included a requirement
for universities to provide case studies demonstrating the wider impact of their
research.

However, there remain many challenges. Business managers and academics have
different priorities and come from very different professional cultures.

Engaging with business can be time consuming and resource intensive and
therefore has to compete with many other priorities for the time of both
business people and academics.

Having said this, I believe it is possible to conduct research that involves and
benefits the business community, while also providing high -quality academic
outputs and informing teaching.

An example is the research that I have been conducting with my colleague Dr
Mario Vafeas on relationships between marketing agencies and their clients. Our
initial research involved conducting interviews with account and creative staff
in advertising, design and digital agencies and their clients.

Taking a traditional approach, we could have finished the research at this stage
and simply got on with getting published in academic journals.

However, we were very keen to share the findings with the business community in
our region.

In this we were helped greatly by the support of Bristol Media and the Chartered
Institute of Marketing in setting up a series of workshops for clients and
agencies. These workshops ran during 2014 and were very well received by
agencies in particular.

These agencies recognised that the findings provided a focus to review their
client service and to be proactive in making improvements.

Bristol Media gave further support by allowing us to do the keynote speech at
their Masterclass in July 2015. We also spoke at a Bath and Bristol Marketing
Network event during 2015.

As a result of these speaking opportunities we have subsequently been in contact
with a total of eight individual agencies and conducted workshops inside each of
the agencies.  In total we have engaged with around 350 client and agency
practitioners so far.

The benefits of this extended engagement with the business community, on the
project, have been not only to corroborate and support our original findings,
but also to provide us with new perspectives.

One important finding was that many graduates going into marketing roles do not
understand how agencies operate or how to get the best out of the working
relationship. We have therefore incorporated our research findings into our
teaching at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels.

Looking forward, it has also provided us with a new research focus in relation
to how relationships between agencies and clients may be changing in response to
the emergence of digital marketing and social media.

This means that we now have new research questions that we can go on to
investigate further.

There are many benefits for businesses and other organisations in engaging with
the academic world.

There is the potential to get access to and to be involved in leading edge
research and new ways of working. An academic can take an objective view without
the pressures that are on commercial consultants.

UWE has committed to a strategy that prioritises engagement with the wider
world, alongside outstanding teaching that provides graduates 'ready and able'
for the world of work and research with impact.

A symbol of the outward facing culture is the new Faculty of Business and Law
building due to be completed by 2017.

This will provide a first-class environment to encourage the commercial
community to interact with academics to the benefit of both sides.

For further information on the agency/client relationship project contact:
tim.hughes@uwe.ac.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Businesses can tap into leading-edge research and technology by working
with academia

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Washington: Remarks of Assistant Secretary Strickling at Digital Northwest
Broadband Summit

LENGTH: 2283  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Natinal Telecommunications and Information Administration has
issued the following news release:



 I hope you enjoyed the morning session at NTIA's sixth regional broadband
workshop. We are joined in this effort by our partner, Next Century Cities, led
by Deb Socia. Together we have assembled experts from cities, states and the
federal government and industry to give you the information you need to meet the
many challenges of expanding broadband access and adoption in this region.





 Mayor Ed Murray of Seattle asked this morning for a stronger federal partner to
help communities in their broadband efforts. I am here today to offer NTIA as
your partner and to urge you to take advantage of our expertise on these issues.
Key to this effort is our new BroadbandUSA program, which offers technical
assistance, guidance and resources to communities across the country seeking to
expand local broadband deployment and adoption.



 We launched this program last year to build on the lessons learned, best
practices and collective wisdom from across our broadband grant portfolio, and
to leverage the federal investments that we have already made through our
broadband programs. Today's Digital Northwest Summit is an important part of
this new initiative as we travel the country to convene local, state and federal
officials, industry representatives, community activists and other stakeholders
to study the broadband challenges they face and explore potential solutions. As
part of this initiative, our technical assistance team is here to provide free,
one-to-one support to you today and tomorrow. If you want to get some time with
our team during our "office hours" tomorrow, please sign up at the registration
table.



 Why is NTIA well-positioned to help you? First off, we are passionate about
ensuring that every American has access to broadband. Over the past seven years,
we have seen firsthand through our $4 billion grant programs how broadband can
stimulate economic growth and empower our people. Funded from money from the
2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, we financed roughly 230 projects
across the country that have built critical network infrastructure, opened or
upgraded public computer centers and established broadband adoption and digital
inclusion programs. And our State Broadband Initiative Program invested another
$300 million to help states collect broadband data for the National Broadband
Map and expand their statewide broadband capacity.



 When we developed this program seven years ago, we made a promise to
communities across the country: The Obama Administration's investment in
broadband would create jobs, stimulate investment and economic development, and
open up new opportunities in employment, education and healthcare. Most
important, it would improve lives. I am proud to say we delivered on those
pledges.



 Our broadband grantees deployed more than 116,700 miles of new or upgraded
network miles, connected nearly 26,000 community anchor institutions such as
schools and hospitals and installed or upgraded more than 47,000 personal
computers in public access centers. And our grantees enrolled hundreds of
thousands of people as subscribers to broadband services.



 With our infrastructure projects, one of our major goals was to prime the pump
for private-sector investment by supplying critical middle-mile infrastructure
that local providers can use to deliver affordable broadband to more homes and
businesses. That is why all networks built with Recovery Act dollars are subject
to open-access rules that let all other carriers interconnect with these
networks on fair and non-discriminatory terms. We also encouraged our grantees
to connect directly to the key anchor institutions in these communities due to
the higher bandwidth needs of schools, libraries and other institutions.



 It is still early to gauge the full economic impact of these investments but we
have some results. We commissioned an independent study from ASR Analytics
looking at the social and economic impact of our broadband grant program and
released that report last year. In only two years, communities that received our
broadband grant funds experienced an average estimated 2 percent greater growth
in broadband availability than non-grant communities. The report also concluded
that the additional broadband infrastructure built by our grantees could be
expected to create more than 22,000 long-term jobs and generate more than $1
billion in additional household income each year. The report also documented
that community anchor institutions, like schools and libraries, served by our
grantees benefited from significantly increased speeds and lower costs. As an
example, the median price paid by libraries in the study was $233 per megabit
per month before the grant program, at a median speed of 3 mbps.  As a result of
the grant program, the median price dropped to $15 per megabit per month and
median speed increased to 20 mbps.



 Here in Washington, the Northwest Open Access Network (NoaNet) is a great
example of a successful project. NoaNet used $138.8 million in Recovery Act
funds to add more than 1,200 miles of fiber to its network, allowing it to reach
some of the more remote regions of the state. It connected more than 300
community anchor institutions, including 66 K-12 schools, 71 libraries, 49
medical and healthcare providers, 52 government facilities, six community
colleges and others. NoaNet signed broadband wholesale agreements to provide new
access to 16 last-mile providers and improved access to 34 existing providers,
enabling these providers to offer faster and more affordable broadband to their
customers.



 For example, we heard yesterday from the director of the Stevens County&lrm;
Information Services Department, who said this project has helped improve the
health and safety of the county's residents and has boosted economic development
in the rural county. The county's Public Utility District has provided wholesale
Internet service to local Internet service providers, which has enabled two
local manufacturing companies in the County to expand their businesses and hire
additional personnel. At the same time, the NoaNet network has allowed the
county to provide mental health services to patients in the region through
telemedicine.



 Another example is the Pend Oreille County Public Utility District project in
the northeastern section of the state. Using its $27.2 million grant, Pend
Oreille built 585 miles of fiber, enabling three Internet Service Providers to
offer service to 5,000 residential homes. It also provided improved broadband
access to 14 community anchor institutions, most of which were medical and
healthcare providers. Community Health Associates of Spokane partnered with Pend
Oreille to improve healthcare delivery in the region. The network allowed
patients to use broadband video and voice to communicate with a pharmacist and
receive the appropriate prescription drug from a vending machine at a clinic in
northern Pend Oreille County -- more than an hour's drive from the nearest brick
and mortar pharmacy.



 In addition to infrastructure projects, NTIA also funded $250 million of
sustainable adoption grants. As we consider what's needed for broadband today,
we cannot lose sight of the importance of adoption. Once the facilities are
built, we need people to subscribe to use the service. We've made great progress
on this front over the past seven years, but there is still more work to be
done.



 Through our adoption programs, we have learned important lessons about what
works and what doesn't. An important takeaway is that digital literacy is
fundamental to sustainable broadband adoption. Our grantees around the country
have demonstrated that successful digital literacy training must be tailored to
the specific needs of the community and the individual. Based on our grants, we
now have developed a portfolio of innovative approaches to offering this
training. Both sustainable broadband adoption projects and public computer
center projects are reaching people who may never have even turned on a computer
-- a group that includes a disproportionate number of lower-income Americans,
senior citizens, and members of minority groups -- and teaching them how to
navigate the Internet, set up an email account, write a resume and even apply
for jobs over the Internet.



 On the broadband adoption side, I want to highlight a $4.1 million grant to
EdLab, here in Washington, which used some of that funding to work with Seattle
to bring resources to the city's public technology centers. Seattle was able to
utilize its partnership with EdLab to expand services in Housing Authority
sites, recreation sites, and community centers to serve Seattle's at-risk,
immigrant, and refugee communities. Multilingual training and digital literacy
classes were held to reach further into the Vietnamese, Chinese, Ethiopian and
the city's other immigrant communities. The Chinese Information and Services
Center began a Mandarin-language program that coupled computer technology with
financial literacy training. Overall, EdLab opened or upgraded 22 public
computer centers throughout the state and provided more than 150,000 hours of
training to more than 26,000 people.



 As we move beyond these projects, we recognize that more work needs to be done
to ensure that no one is left behind in this digital revolution. And the target
keeps changing.  When we launched the Recovery Act grants program in 2009, the
federal Communications Commission (FCC) still defined broadband at a speed of
less than 1 Mbps. Today the FCC recommends download speeds of 25 Mbps. At that
rate, nearly 51 million Americans still do not have access to a wired broadband
connection.  And we can expect the need for speed to continue to increase.



 But we are making measurable progress. Today, NTIA released new 2015 data from
our Computer and Internet Use Supplement to the U.S. Census Bureau's Current
Population Survey. This survey samples 53,000 households. Our new data show that
75 percent of Americans are using the Internet from any location, up from 71
percent in 2013. Demographic groups that have historically lagged in using the
Internet -- such as senior citizens, minorities and Americans with lower levels
of educational attainment also made gains in the last two years. Internet use
among those aged 65 or older increased 5 percentage points between 2013 and
2015. In that same time period, growth in Internet use among Hispanics and among
American Indians and Alaska Natives outpaced the U.S. population as well.
Internet use among Hispanics grew 5 percentage points while use among American
Indians and Alaska Natives grew 9 percentage points. I encourage you to take a
deeper look at this data on our website. Last October we launched Data Central,
an easy-to-use source for locating statistics and charting trends on computer
and Internet use over the past 20 years.



 Even though the Recovery Act grant program is complete, we continue to be a
lead agency supporting President Obama as he continues to emphasize the
importance of broadband. In 2013, the President launched ConnectEd, a public
private partnership to connect 99 percent of America's students to the Internet
through high-speed broadband within five years. The President followed that with
the launch last year of ConnectHome, an initiative aimed at expanding high speed
broadband to more families across the country. Through the program, Internet
service providers, nonprofits and the private sector will offer broadband
access, technical training, digital literacy programs, and devices for residents
in assisted housing units.



 Last March, the President created the Broadband Opportunity Council, made up of
key cabinet departments and agencies, to determine what actions the federal
government could take to eliminate regulatory barriers to broadband deployment
and to encourage investment in broadband networks and services. Last September,
the White House released the Council's report, which describes concrete steps
that 25 federal agencies will take over the next 18 months to eliminate barriers
and promote broadband investment and adoption.



 Four key themes framed the recommendations and action items.



     Modernize federal programs to expand program support for broadband
investments.

     Empower communities with tools and resources to attract broadband
investment and promote meaningful use.

     Promote increased broadband deployment and competition through expanded
access to federal assets.

     Improve data collection, analysis and research on broadband.



 Once implemented, we believe that the recommendations will make a meaningful
difference to communities seeking to expand and enhance their broadband
capacity. For example, agencies are expanding or clarifying that federal
programs worth a total of $10 billion will now support broadband among other
projects and local governments will have new tools and resources at their
fingertips to bring broadband to their communities.



 Earlier this month, President Obama took another important step forward by
announcing ConnectAll, an initiative to help Americans at every income level get
online and have the tools to take full advantage of the Internet. The President
set the bold goal of connecting 20 million more Americans to broadband by 2020.
As part of the ConnectALL effort, NTIA filed comments with the FCC on behalf of
the Administration recommending that it expand its Lifeline program to include
broadband services.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            April 26, 2006 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Initiative targets cruise passengers

BYLINE: LEANNE M. ROBICHEAU OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: ROCKLAND


The state is taking a tourism marketing cue from the Caribbean: entice cruise
ship passengers to return to Maine for extended vacations via land-based travel.

It's called FreeStayMaine and it aims to set sail in May.

On Tuesday, the Rockland Downtown Business Group was briefed on the state's
newest tourism initiative, which is funded by a grant from the Maine Port
Authority and CruiseMaine Coalition.

The plan will work this way: Cruise ship passengers will receive vouchers and
welcome bags when they arrive at Maine ports. The vouchers will direct visitors
to the Web site www.FreeStayMaine.com.

That site will provide a list of vacation packages offered by participating
inns, hotels, motels or bed-and-breakfasts. The Maine businesses do not pay a
fee to participate, but each owner absorbs the cost of at least one free night's
stay in its vacation packages.

CruiseMaine Coalition will administer the program with Web support provided by
the Maine Office of Tourism.

Marketing research for 2002 shows that 33 percent of cruise ship visitors to Bar
Harbor later returned to Maine by land-based travel for extended visits and that
36 percent of the 598 respondents had annual household incomes of $100,000 or
more, according to Shari Closter, assistant executive director of the
Rockland-Thomaston Area Chamber of Commerce.

The report, released this month by the University of Maine, concludes that the
Bar Harbor cruise ship industry had a total economic impact of $13.7 million in
sales during the 2005 season, according to the report. That revenue included
spending by passengers and crew members while in port.

That economic activity supported 174 full- and part-time jobs and provided $3.7
million in labor income.

The cruise ship industry in Portland, which hosted about 45,000 passengers -
compared to just below 100,000 visitors in Bar Harbor - generated a total of
$6.7 million in sales during 2005, which supported 96 full- and part-time jobs
in the Portland area and provided $1.8 million in labor income.

Rockland wants to capture some of that market.

So far, two cruise ships are scheduled to call at Rockland this season.

FreeStayMaine could push state as well as local tourism revenues higher if
cruise ship passengers choose to come back, Closter said.

Vouchers the size of business cards, sequentially numbered on the back, will
help track the success of the program, she said, adding that one goal is to
develop cruise ship data for Rockland and Port Clyde.

The program requires participating businesses to report the duration of stays
and package details, the number of returned vouchers and zip codes of people who
did not use the online search engine. The Web site will also collect data.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

Florida: Hispanic Business Initiative Fund Hosts Annual Success Stories Luncheon

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: New York



 Orange: Orange County, The State of Florida has issued the following news
release:



   Orange County and community leaders attended the Hispanic Business Initiative
Fund's (HBIF) 12th Annual Success Stories Luncheon on Sept. 14 in support of
Hispanic entrepreneurs throughout Central Florida.





 The event is HBIF's signature annual fundraising event and recognizes
excellence in small business ownership and celebrates the spirit of
entrepreneurship within the Hispanic community. The event, held at the Rosen
Centre Hotel on International Drive, welcomed 500 attendees, including
representatives from government and civic organizations and business leaders
from across Central Florida.



 Chief of Staff to Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs Graciela Noriega Jacoby
presented a proclamation to the chair of HBIF's statewide board of directors Jan
Aspuru and HBIF Statewide President and CEO Augusto Sanabria. The proclamation
recognized Sept. 14, 2016, as HBIF's 25th Anniversary Day in Orange County.



 Honorees included Hispanic entrepreneurs James Harhi, owner of JFH Technologies
and Innovative Attraction Management; and Rubén Pérez, who owns Zaza New Cuban
Diner. Both Harhi and Pérez successfully expanded their businesses with
assistance from the HBIF, Florida's leading Hispanic economic development
organization.



 HBIF is a nonprofit economic development organization that serves Orange
County's Hispanic business owners by providing quality bilingual business
development and training services. For 25 years, HBIF has provided thousands of
Hispanic entrepreneurs with educational assistance, individual technical
assistance, entrepreneurial grants for subcontracted services and loan
facilitation.



 In recognition of this economic impact, the Board of County Commissioners
allocated $125,941 to the Hispanic Business Initiative Fund in FY 2014-15 and
$128,460 in FY 2015-16. From extraordinary culture, arts, academic achievement
and leadership, Hispanic citizens and businesses have had an incredibly positive
impact in Orange County.



 On Sept. 16, the Hispanic Heritage Committee of Greater Orange County (HHCGOC)
will host its annual Hispanic Heritage Month Kick-Off at the Orange County
Regional History Center. The event will feature musical performances, delicious
food and an exhibition highlighting the works of talented local Hispanic
artists. The HHCGOC is a volunteer-based organization founded in 1999 with the
purpose of providing opportunities that promote and highlight the contributions
made by individuals of Hispanic descent in the community. Thirty percent of
Orange County's population is of Hispanic descent.



 Orange County will wrap up its Hispanic Heritage festivities with Orange Fiesta
in the Park on Oct. 15 at Jay Blanchard Park, 2451 N. Dean Rd., from 11 a.m. to
3 p.m. Guests will be able to enjoy several food trucks, musical performances,
children's activities, diverse exhibitors and the Mayor's Cup Soccer Tournament
Championships.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            October 30, 2005 Sunday

CONFERENCE HIGHLIGHTS NONPROFITS' IMPACT ON STATE

BYLINE: LYNN BARNES, PHOTO BY NATALIE GUILLÉN

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. E-4

LENGTH: 622 words


The nearly 2,000 nonprofits in New Mexico create more than 45,000 jobs and spend
more than $5 billion annually, according to the National Center for Charitable
Statistics. That's in addition to providing a wide-variety of programs and
services that benefit communities directly, according to a study of the economic
impact of nonprofits in New Mexico.

Because nonprofits play such an important role, the state association of
nonprofits and the New Mexico Association of Grantmakers have commissioned the
study, which is being conducted by the Bureau of Economic Research at The
University of New Mexico and will be the first such study prepared in New
Mexico.

A preview of findings will be presented at the second annual conference of
nonprofits Tuesday and Wednesday at the Albuquerque Hyatt, sponsored by the
association, called NGO NM (NGO is an acronym for nongovernmental organizations,
as they are called.)

The conference also will include

24 workshops, plus sample meetings with consultants and networking
opportunities.

Now in its second year, NGO NM has nearly 200 members and will announce the
hiring of its first executive director -- Dolores Roybal -- at the conference.
Roybal has been a program director at the Santa Fe Community Foundation for the
past five years and has been involved in NGO NM since is inception.

"We expect about 200 people to attend," says consultant Anne Hays Egan, who
organized the conference and helped establish and develop the organization. "The
conference is focused on peer-to-peer sharing. It is significant because the
conference is highlighting many of the skills of our own New Mexico nonprofit
leaders."

Guest speakers will include Lt. Gov. Diane Denish and Linda Childears, chief
executive officer of the Daniels Fund, a major donor to many New Mexico
nonprofits.

"We will talk about key indicators of nonprofit economic impact and how
nonprofits can demonstrate their value," says Egan. "We will also talk about
progress that is being made with the Insure New Mexico health insurance and
insurance pools for nonprofits."

Human Services Department Secretary Pam Hyde and representatives from the Insure
New Mexico Committee (the governor's health-insurance committee working on
policies to increase the number of insured in the state) will present an update
on the Small Employers State Insurance Pool, which includes nonprofits.

They will also discuss some new initiatives to expand options for nonprofits and
the status of a new bill being brought to the legislature to put nonprofits in
an insurance pool with small businesses, providing nonprofits with the
equivalent of a tax break for health-insurance expenses.

Workshops at the conference will include board development, diversity, standards
for nonprofits, public-policy strategy, grant writing, marketing and Web-IT
planning.

"NGO NM provides a space for nonprofits and nongovernmental organizations to
gather and work on issues of common concern," says Egan.

Roybal, who has worked in the nonprofit sector in Santa Fe for more than 20
years, wants to see the organization expand its membership, services and
resources.

"For example, I would like to see NGO NM serve as a fiscal sponsor for
nonprofits and nongovernmental organizations statewide," says Roybal. "Fiscal
sponsorship is a critical need for the sector, and it could also serve as a
revenue stream for NGO. Technical assistance would be provided as part of the
fiscal-sponsorship service."

She also says she'd like to expand technical-assistance services, add
technical-assistance consultations to the conference and expand public and
private collaborations.

"The goal would be to identify and fill gaps in service, not duplicate or
compete with existing providers," Roybal says.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Dolores Roybal, program director for the Santa Fe Community
Foundation, has been chosen as the first executive director of the Association
of Nonprofit Organizations of New Mexico. The second annual NGO NM conference
will be held this week in Albuquerque

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Liverpool Echo

                           January 24, 2002, Thursday

CITIES FACE THE GREAT DIVIDE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 193 words


LIVERPOOL and Manchester are still at loggerheads despite signing a peace
treaty.

Leaders from the two cities signed a concordat last autumn to improve relations.

But a survey by leading business advisers Grant Thornton shows that the rift
along the M62 continues in business circles.

The survey invited businesses in both cities to comment on a variety of issues
including their awareness of the Manchester/Liverpool economic concordat, the
best place to do business, the state of the property market and whether the
success of a city's football team had any economic impact.

Few of those questioned were aware of the joint economic agreement signed by the
two cities last year with the intention of developing closer links - just 28pc
of Liverpool businesses and only 16pc of Manchester businesses had any knowledge
of the initiative.

The result came as a surprise to political and business circles who insist that
links between Liverpool and Manchester are better than ever.

Liverpool city council leader Mike Storey said: "The concordat has not been in
operation for very long. We are identifying areas of common interest."

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd


                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Star (Oneonta, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

Oneonta DRI committee reveals project list

BYLINE: Denise Richardson, The Daily Star, Oneonta, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 710 words


Feb. 28--The Oneonta DRI Planning Committee has identified 14 projects carrying
a total funding request of almost $14 million to submit for state funding.

The city's list of recommendations for Downtown Revitalization Initiative
projects includes a development in the Westcott parking lot, renovation of the
municipal parking structure with a transit hub, building a food and beverage
innovation center, support of Main Street upper-floor projects and more.

Mayor Gary Herzig said the list is with the state Department of State and will
be reviewed by other state officials during the next five or six months. State
officials will review proposals, determine if they meet criteria and make final
decisions about which projects to approve for funding from the $10 million grant
awarded to the city.

In July, the city was named winner among applicants for the grant in the Mohawk
Valley Regional Economic Development Council, a state-designated area that
includes Otsego and Schoharie counties, among others.

In April, Gov. Andrew Cuomo launched the DRI program to invest $10 million in 10
communities "to transform them into vibrant communities where tomorrow's
workforce will want to live, work and raise families," a media release said. The
program emphasizes using investments to reinforce and secure additional public
and private investments.

The Oneonta DRI Planning Committee began meeting in September and faced a
February deadline to identify projects.

Herzig, committee co-chairman, said work will continue at the local level on
fine-tuning details, such as the amounts of private capital that might be
leveraged through the proposed projects. The state has set a March 10 deadline
for submitting documents with more details and implementation plans, he said.

The March 10 deadline was set for all DRI communities, not just Oneonta, Herzig
said, and the extension provides more time for consulting firms working with
communities to finish estimates for private capital amounts of projects, among
other factors. Stantec, an urban planning firm, has been working with the city.

Herzig said the local planning committee did "excellent" work identifying
proposals for new buildings that can be transformative for downtown and projects
that will provide support for current properties owners and existing structures.
The list also includes proposals that would be publicly funded initiatives
without private investment, such as art and signage projects, he said.

The list included no projects that hadn't been discussed at the most-recent
Planning Committee meeting, according to the mayor. The plan also includes
proposals to connect parts of downtown with pedestrian friendly and attractive
walkways, Herzig said.

"I am very proud of the committee's work in building on our current assets and
creating a plan to make Oneonta a hub for the region's growing agribusiness,"
Herzig said in an email.

Herzig reported the Oneonta DRI Planning Committee's recommended projects and
funds requested from the state grant as:

--Westcott lot commercial/residential re-development and walkway: $3,200,000.

--Parking structure renovation and transit hub: $2,500,000

--Main Street upper floor housing: $2,000,000.

--Mohawk Valley Food and Beverage Innovation Center: $1,975,000.

--Market Street improvements -- "Look & Feel": $1,750,000.

--Retail/commercial space revolving loan fund: $600,000.

--Public walkway/Water, lower Chestnut and Market streets: $500,000.

--Public space improvements, Muller Plaza and other: $350,000.

--Signage plan/downtown, district and regional: $320,000.

--Muller Plaza walkway and Market Street passage: $250,000.

--Downtown branding and marketing: $250,000.

--Public art/Muller Plaza and other downtown locations: $140,000.

--Downtown program design standards: $100,000.

--Signage Plan/Individual: $60,000.

"This plan is more than a list of projects," Herzig said. "As a plan, it
provides transformative initiatives designed to provide lasting positive
economic impact on our city.

Denise Richardson, staff writer, may be reached at (607) 441-7213 or at
drichardson@thedailystar.com Follow her on Twitter at @DS_DeniseR.

___ (c)2017 The Daily Star (Oneonta, N.Y.) Visit The Daily Star (Oneonta, N.Y.)
at www.thedailystar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170228-OY-Oneonta-DRI-committee-reveals-project-list-0228-20170228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OY


                         Copyright 2017 The Daily Star


                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Huron County Receives $50,000 Grant to Alleviate Economic Impact of
Harbor Beach Power Plant Closure

LENGTH: 269  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Candice Miller has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Representative Candice Miller (MI-10) applauded the Economic
Development Administration's (EDA) approval of a $50,000 grant to establish an
economic development plan to support capital investment and job creation in
Huron County in light of the closure of DTE's Harbor Beach power plant:





 "As our nation's energy industry and power sector changes, we must not neglect
the communities who, for so many generations, have built their livelihood on
providing our nation with the critical energy it needs," Miller said. "This
year, energy provider DTE announced they would close the Harbor Beach coal-fired
power plant to make way for a natural gas turbine plant. While this change would
provide Michiganians with cleaner, safer, more reliable energy, it also has the
potential to have a devastating impact on the economies of surrounding
communities. This grant, will develop an economic plan that helps the Huron
County economy adapt, continue to support new business development, and job and
economic growth."



 This grant is funded through the Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and
Economic Revitalization (POWER) Initiative. POWER is a coordinated effort,
involving multiple federal agencies, with the goal of effectively aligning
federal economic and workforce development programs and resources to assist
communities negatively impacted by changes in the coal industry and power
sector.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

DIFI grant for research on conflict and Arab families

LENGTH: 364  words


The panellists at the inaugural plenary session. (Top) Noor al-Malki al-Jehani.
PICTURES: Shemeer Rasheed

Joseph Varghese


The Doha International Family Institute (DIFI), will provide funding up to
$50,000 a year for researchers from Qatar and other Arab countries to conduct
studies on the impact of wars on the family structure.


"The Osra Research Grant is offered in collaboration with the Qatar National
Research Fund," announced Noor al-Malki al-Jehani, executive director of DIFI at
the second annual conference on Family Research and Policy that was opened
yesterday.
"This is the second edition of the grant to fund research on the impacts of
conflict on family formation and breakdown, parent-child relationships, and the
policies related to these topics," she explained. Al-Jehani also underscored the
importance of putting families, the smallest units in the society at the core of
research initiatives, discussions, debates and policymaking in tackling the
impacts of wars and conflicts.
"The conference provides a platform for policy debate. The conflicts all over
the Arab world and its effects on families should be a priority for researchers
as well as policymakers. At the end of the conference we will have a session
dedicated to research methodologies in such situations," she added.
The first day of the two-day conference, held under the theme, 'The Impact of
Wars and Conflicts on Arab Families', explored family formation, socio-economic
impact of wars on families, and gender dimensions during conflicts.
Sheikha Hessa bint Khalifa al-Thani, special envoy of the Arab League Secretary
General for Humanitarian Affairs; Rami Khouri, senior fellow, Issam Fares
Institute, American University Beirut; Luay Shabana, regional director of Arab
States, United Nations Population Fund; and Nahla Haidar, member of the
Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women
Committee, took part in the first plenary session, moderated by Amal Mohamed
al-Malki, founding dean, College of Humanities and Social Sciences at Hamad Bin
Khalifa University.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/60/183/43/147679051632.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/60/183/63/147679051666.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2016 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Libs to kick $6m into sports fund

BYLINE: Natasha Rudra

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 402  words


The ACT Liberals will spend $6million a year on upgrading sport venues and
making sports grants to low-income families if elected this month.

But Sports Minister Andrew Barr said the Opposition was playing catch-up and now
supported initiatives Labor had already initiated.

The Opposition announced its sports policy yesterday, saying it would spend
$5million to drought- proof ovals and increase funding for sport by $700,000 a
year.

Liberal leader Zed Seselja said the party would also spend $375,000 a year to
help children from poorer families take up sport.

Under the scheme, families in need will receive $200 grants to pay club fees or
buy new sports gear.

Another $225,000 a year will be spent on supporting athletes in the ACT Academy
of Sport's program.

The Liberals want to create a new statutory authority, ACTive Canberra, to
oversee sport and recreation in the capital.

The party will also audit Canberra's sports venues and training grounds to find
out where its promised $24million in capital funding would best be spent.

Deputy Liberal leader Brendan Smyth said it was a long-term plan that would help
Canberra sustain its sporting future.

Many sports were underfunded and in desperate need of proper training and
competition venues, he said.

"This increases the capacity for people to participate," he said.

"It's about going back through ACTSport to all of the sporting groups to say,
'What is needed here?"' Mr Barr criticised the plan, saying the proposed new
sporting body would divert money from clubs and create more bureaucracy.

He said the Liberals were appropriating existing Labor initiatives, such as the
Government's $19million plan to drought-proof ovals.

But ACTSport chief executive Gavin Macdonald welcomed the Liberals' policy,
saying it was well laid out.

"One of the things we've advocated strongly with all parties, including the
Liberals, is to conduct an audit to see where the need is greatest," he said.

"There are a lot of sports that are out there and using temporary facilities."Mr
Seselja denied the Liberals sports policy was an effort to gazump his former
factional colleague Richard Mulcahy.

The Liberals made their announcement yesterday afternoon, just as Mr Mulcahy had
scheduled the launch of his sport policy.

Mr Mulcahy, who left the Liberals acrimoniously last year, said he would press
for $1.3 million in operational assistance for sport and a study of its economic
impact.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Water line project from Bluewell Public Service District to Mercer County
Airport

LENGTH: 148  words


Scope of work:
To Develop water line project from the Bluewell Public Service District to
Mercer County Airport.
Description:


Design will begin immediately, and construction is estimated to begin in late
2018 to be completed in 2019.
The award provides for the deployment of a coordinated marketing effort, which
will increase the region-wide economic impact of the Trails by $13 million per
year.
The project will create 225 jobs and 50 new businesses along the Trails, and
will be supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.
The City of Bluefield has applied for a $2.4 million grant through the program
to enhance the Commercialization Center, a business incubator initiative in
Bluefield.
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : BLUEWELL PUBLIC SERVICE DISTRICT

Address : 4146 Coal Heritage Rd,
Bluefield, WV 24701

Country :United States

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Dubbo Daily Liberal

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

Dubbo electorate high school students to benefit from new online alcohol
education resource

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 212 words


THE LAUNCH of a new online resource developed by the NSW Government should help
senior high school students in the Dubbo improve their awareness about alcohol,
the law and potential risks and dangers associated with drinking.

Member for Dubbo Troy Grant has welcomed the internet resource, 'Out Tonight?
Party Right', which aims to minimise alcohol-related harm among young people in
the community and across the state by educating them about the impacts that
drinking can have on themselves, their friends and the community.

Out Tonight? Party Right was developed by the Office of Liquor, Gaming and
Racing in conjunction with the Department of Education and Communities to align
with the NSW school curriculum.

"This initiative contains a range of lessons that work towards increasing
awareness about alcohol-related problems such as binge drinking and aims to
reduce the risks associated with the social and economic impacts of alcohol
use," Mr Grant said.

Minister for Hospitality George Souris, who launched the resource, was helping
educate young people about responsible and safe attitudes towards alcohol is a
critical part of our efforts to protect the next generation from alcohol-related
harm.

Explore the Out Tonight? Party Right program at www.partyright.nsw.edu.au.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Dr. Evil Meets the Kochtopus: Americans for Prosperity Now
Supporting Berman Group

LENGTH: 989  words

DATELINE: Washington


Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics has issued the following news release:

Like something out of a horror movie, two of the most notorious dark money
networks in America have joined forces. Recently released tax filings for 2013
confirm that corporate front man Richard Berman now has a working relationship
with the Koch Brothers' political network. Both Berman and the Koch network are
well-known for using nonprofit organizations to keep the money behind their
political efforts shrouded in secrecy.

In 2013, Americans for Prosperity (AFP), known as "the Koch brothers' flagship
political enterprise," gave $200,000 to the Enterprise Freedom Action Committee
(EFAC), one of Berman's front groups. AFP is the second group with deep Koch
ties that has given money to Berman and the first to directly support one of
Berman's nonprofits. Between September 2011 and September 2013, the Institute
for Humane Studies, an organization built by Charles Koch, paid Berman's public
relations firm, Berman and Company, nearly $600,000 for "marketing and online
advertising."

The exact purpose of AFP's contribution to EFAC is unclear, since AFP's tax
filings only reveal that the grant was for "program support." Odds are, though,
that the money supported Berman's 2013 battle against a minimum wage ballot
initiative in New Jersey. According to EFAC's 2013 tax returns, the group
reported that it "received funding for a campaign to engage in opposition to the
New Jersey minimum wage ballot initiative/constitutional amendment." EFAC spent
$1.095 million to oppose the ballot initiative, nearly the same amount that the
organization raised in 2013.

Most of the money spent by EFAC in the minimum wage fight went out the door to a
New Jersey-based organization, the Coalition to Preserve Jobs and Our
Constitution (CPJOC). The $990,000 EFAC gave to CPJOC accounted for 95 percent
of the New Jersey group's funds for the campaign to oppose raising New Jersey's
minimum wage, which was ultimately a losing battle. CPJOC, in turn, paid Berman
and Company $645,500 for media-related expenses. That's on top of the $301,689
EFAC itself paid to Berman and Company in 2013 for management services.

If the $200,000 grant from AFP was meant to support EFAC's New Jersey minimum
wage work, it wasn't the only way the Koch group and Berman worked together in
the state. AFP's New Jersey chapter vocally opposed the increase, declaring that
"New Jerseyans will now have to suffer the consequences of their choice for the
foreseeable future" after the initiative passed. Months later, AFP joined
together with Berman's Employment Policies Institute (EmPI) to launch a campaign
taunting New Jersey AFL-CIO President Charles Wowkanech over the minimum wage
hike. EmPI even sent a mobile billboard to an AFP rally calling Mr. Wowkanech a
chicken for not debating EmPI on the issue.

Clue to a Mystery?

EFAC's 2013 minimum wage campaign, which has received little public notice, may
also shed light on one of the mysteries raised in Berman's June 2014 speech to
energy executives, which was subsequently leaked to the New York Times. During a
question and answer session after his presentation, Berman was asked about
budgeting for his campaign against environmentalists. He responded with an
anecdote about what he was able to do with $2 million after his company was
"retained to do a campaign in New Jersey." He declined to say what issue the
campaign was about:

Berman: OK. So, that's like a question of how high is up? Because you can spend
a lot of money. Let me give you an example. We were retained to do a campaign in
New Jersey. We had two months for the campaign. We were given 2 million dollars.
The issue is not important. We started out with 76 percent disapproval. In two
months, we got down to 60 percent disapproval. So we moved the needle 16 points
with 2 million dollars in two months. We were really proud of ourselves, expect
for the fact that we lost because we started out so bad. 76 percent is a long
way down to get the majority on your side. (Inaudible). So that's what 2 million
bought in two months.

Could Berman have been referring to the 2013 minimum wage effort? It's not
certain, but the evidence points in that direction.

For instance, Berman says his side "started out with 76 percent disapproval."
Multiple polls, including one released in September 2013, found that 76 percent
of voters supported raising the minimum wage. The initiative passed with nearly
61 percent of New Jersey voters supporting it, which is quite close to the "60
percent disapproval" Berman says his efforts were able to garner.

What about the fact that Berman said he was given $2 million and EFAC only
reported spending a little more than $1 million on the effort? EFAC wasn't the
only Berman group spending money in New Jersey. EmPI, Berman's main vehicle for
opposing minimum wage increases, also ran ads in New Jersey. According to EmPI's
2013 tax filings, the organization spent more than $460,000 promoting its
"research on the economic impact of minimum wage hikes in New Jersey," a
campaign the group launched "with grant funding." This means that Berman's two
groups combined acknowledge spending at least $1.55 million in New Jersey, which
is much closer to Berman's $2 million claim.

This doesn't include any money that may have been given to Berman's for-profit
firm. In the past, clients have paid Berman and Company directly for work that
went out under the banner of one of his nonprofits. As always with Berman, one
of the key questions is who is funding his work, which he runs "through
nonprofit organizations that are insulated from having to disclose donors." If
AFP's $200,000 is any indication, perhaps the Koch donor network is the answer,
at least when it comes to trying to stop a minimum wage increase in New Jersey.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            January 23, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Film commission gets district grant

BYLINE: Gordon Hoekstra, The Citizen

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 232  words


The Prince George Film Commission has received economic boost from the Fraser
Fort George Regional District.

The district's regional board approved a $40,000 grant to the cash-strapped film
development office late last week.

``It's great news,'' film commissioner Sara Shaak said Monday, adding they're
trying to tap into government funding at all levels after the federal government
cut its $170,000 annual funding last year.

Some people don't realize the commission has to rely primarily on government
funding, as private funding could create conflicts in the distribution of work,
she said. Staying away from private funding is even a requirement to belong to
the International Film Commission Association, said Shaak.

The commission has scaled down its annual budget to $120,000. It has been helped
out by the Prince George Region Development Corporation.

The commission is also counting on funds from a new provincial initiative that
takes effect April 1 that will allocate minimum grants of $60,000 if matching
community funds are available. The film commission helped secure a major movie
in 1999. Reindeer Games was estimated to have had a $3.5-million economic impact
on Prince George.

The old jail and the winter weather were major drawing cards for the film.
However, the jail has since been used for housing illegal Chinese migrants, and
the past few winters have been unseasonably warm.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: (Sara) Shaak ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 24, 2016 Sunday

Nonprofits in brief

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 948 words


Foundation promotes one, adds anotherThe Oklahoma City Community Foundation has
announced&nbsp;the promotion of Jana Steelman to the position of communications
director and the addition of Erika Warren as grants and programs
manager.Steelman will lead the organization's communications team and guide
public relations and messaging strategies. Warren will manage a number of
endowment funds and grant programs, as well as provide assistance with community
programs and initiatives.For more information, go to occf.org.Norman Arts
Council seeks volunteersNORMAN - The Norman Arts Council has volunteer
opportunities available.Volunteers are needed to conduct Americans for the Arts
surveys during the city's art walk May 13. The surveys will assess the economic
impact of the arts on the economy. To learn more, go to
normanarts.ivolunteer.com/surveyorsmay2ndfriday.Also, the arts council will host
the opening reception for the Norman Open Studios program during the May 13 art
walk and from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. May 14. There will be six sites in need of
volunteers. Go to normanarts.ivolunteer.com/openstudios.For more information,
email cher@normanarts.org.Actress Olivia Munn donates $20,000 to food
bankActress Olivia Munn, who grew up in Oklahoma City, and Vanity Fair Senior
West Coast editor Krista Smith recently hosted Vanity Fair and Fiat's toast to
"Young Hollywood" in Hollywood.

The event raised $20,000 for the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma.Munn is a
longtime supporter of the food bank. After the May 2013 tornadoes, Munn and
Rainbow Light joined forces to donate nutritional shakes, valued at $25,000, in
support of disaster relief efforts.For more information, go to
regionalfoodbank.org.Jersey Mike's takes a bite out of hungerThanks to Jersey
Mike's Subs and its customers, $50,000 was raised to fight hunger for the
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma's Food for Kids programs.On March 30, as part of
the organization's nationwide "Day of Giving," Jersey Mike's donated all of the
proceeds from its metro-area, Lawton and Altus stores to fight childhood hunger
in Oklahoma. In total, 250 children will receive food for an entire school year
as a result.Team Tinker Home Away From Home seeks families&nbsp;Team Tinker Home
Away From Home, a nonprofit supporting young members of enlisted armed forces,
invites the public to learn more about becoming a host or host family to provide
a peaceful refuge for our nation's finest. The free session will be from 6 to
7:30 p.m. Thursday at Tinker Federal Credit Union, 2315 S Western Ave. Light
bites will be provided.Team Tinker Home Away From Home matches metro-area host
families with first-term U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy personnel serving at
Tinker Air Force Base. Host families are simply asked to invite their serviceman
or woman to celebrate holidays, watch movies or engage in other fun family
activities at home on a schedule set by the host. While the commitment seems
light, it can make a huge difference.For more information, email
teamtinkerteam@gmail.com.Students invited to join Hope CorpsHigh school students
ages 16 to 18 are invited to join the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma's 12-week
Hope Corps internship program. Applications are due May 13. The summer session
runs June 2 to Aug. 20.Students will gain leadership and nonprofit volunteer
experience. The program serves as a reference for future job and school
applications and includes training and overseeing volunteer groups in various
projects.For more information, contact Kristin Mercado at 600-3161 or
kmercado@regionalfoodbank.org Apply at regionalfoodbank.org/hopecorps.Credit
union hosting benefit car showTinker Federal Credit Union will host its 16th
annual Miracle Car Show to benefit Children's Miracle Network Hospitals from 9
a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday at 4140 W Interstate 40 (just east of Meridian). The
show will include activities for all ages.Admission is free. There will be door
prizes, music, concessions, crafts and a raffle. A Miracle Champion will present
the Miracle Kid's Award.Children's Miracle Network funds children's medical
research and works to enhance children's lives in Oklahoma. All of the money
raised stays in Oklahoma and benefits Children's Hospital Foundation.Cleats for
Kids honored for sports dedicationOklahoma Cleats for Kids has been named the
2016 Hertz Grand Slam Mission Honoree for its dedication to increasing youth
participation in team sports and physical education. Since 2011,&nbsp;Oklahoma
Cleats for Kids has distributed almost 30,000 pieces of sporting goods to young
athletes in need.During the Oklahoma City Dodgers' 2016 season, Cleats for Kids
will be featured throughout the ballpark. Collection drives also will be held at
every game. Donors will be entered to win an all-inclusive trip for four to
Phoenix for two Los Angeles Dodgers games.For more information, go to
okc4k.org.Foundation announces new president, board membersChildren's Hospital
Foundation has announced&nbsp;the appointment of new board members and its new
president.Board President Joe Lewallen is on staff at McAfee &amp; Taft in
Oklahoma City and has served as a member of the board at Children's Hospital
Foundation since 2011. He has led the effort to establish the CHF Tripp Lewallen
Endowed Chair in Hematology-Oncology.New board members are John Kennedy, Amy
Spring and Sean Trauschke. Kennedy is a former Oklahoma secretary of state and
founded Irish Realty. Spring is a partner at Cole Paine and Carlin Insurance
Agency. Trauschke serves as chairman, president and CEO for OGE Energy Corp. and
is active in civic and community organizations.For more information, call
271-2260 or go to chfKids.com.From Staff Reports

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             August 12, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Hoedown versus Bluesfest; City taxpayers hear different tunes

BYLINE: Mark Sutcliffe, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY; Mark Sutcliffe; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 794  words


When Carrie Underwood takes the stage tonight at the Capital Hoedown country
music festival, the concert won't be supported by any funding from the City of
Ottawa. But if Mrs. Fisher had played at another music festival like Ottawa
Bluesfest this summer, the cost of her performance would have been subsidized by
city taxpayers.

What's the difference? Capital Hoedown is operated by a private business, while
Bluesfest and other festivals funded by the city are run by not-for-profit
corporations.

"That's the easy answer," says Denis Benoit, the chief executive of Concert
International, which operates Capital Hoedown. "Even though at the end of the
day, there's really no difference. A forprofit festival and a non-profit
festival can give back equally to the community."

The City of Ottawa has contributed millions of dollars into local festivals over
the past few years. In 2010, the city invested $80,000 in Bluesfest, $126,000 in
the Ottawa International Jazz Festival and $140,000 in the Ottawa Chamber Music
Festival.

The city's criteria suggest that the investment is to support major events that
have strong impact, enhance quality of life, contribute to economic growth and
promote the city to tourists. But only not-for-profit events can apply.

If you create all those benefits and there's a chance you could make a bit of
money at the same time, you're out of luck. Even if you operate at a loss, the
city won't help you out.

The distinction is not universal. The provincial government, for example, has a
fund for cultural events, called Celebrate Ontario, which welcomes applications
from private companies.

"I don't understand it," says Benoit of the city's criterion. "If two festivals
both have 60,000 people that attend through a oneweek period, it's the same
economic impact. It brings money into the community. When it comes to government
funding, any festival should be considered."

Events like Bluesfest and the Chamber Music Festival have received millions of
dollars from all levels of government. Both, of course, are highly successful,
long-established events that draw thousands of spectators and generate a lot of
economic activity.

But even though Capital Hoedown is a newer event, it's growing quickly.

With a star-studded country lineup, Benoit is ambitiously trying to build the
event into one of the largest in North America. He says he expects as many as
90,000 patrons over three days this week. And he claims no other event will have
more performers.

"Our lineup is bigger than any other country music festival in the world this
year," he says.

So why isn't it eligible for the same funding as Bluesfest and other festivals?
And why is it that a concert promoter bringing Blue Rodeo to Scotiabank Place
doesn't get any government grants, but a show by the same band at Bluesfest is
supported by tax dollars?

To some people, it's an easy point of separation because a not-for-profit
corporation sounds like a charity. However, it's not that simple. A
notfor-profit can still generate a good payday for the individuals behind it, in
the form of salaries and expenses rather than dividends.

For example, a not-for-profit event that pays a $100,000 salary to its key
employee is not much different from a private event that produces $100,000 in
profits for its owner.

Some people will point out that Ottawa's festivals do a lot of good work in the
community. Bluesfest, for example, supports local charities and runs initiatives
like the Blues in the Schools program.

But private companies can do good charitable work as well. Benoit says Capital
Hoedown will help raise money for the Ottawa Food Bank and the Ottawa Regional
Cancer Foundation.

So why is the city distinguishing between different types of event organizers
rather than just supporting events that produce a good outcome for the
community?

Even though there might be more government money available to him if he changed
the classification of his event, Benoit says he has no intention of converting
Capital Hoedown into a notfor-profit.

"I could have made Capital Hoedown a non-profit organization," he says.

"I didn't want to do that specifically for government funding. I don't believe
in forming a non-profit organization for the wrong reasons, to take advantage of
all the additional perks, including funding. That's why we're a for-profit
entity."

The city should either get out of the business of funding music festivals, or
consider new criteria that support events based on what they do for the
community rather than reward or punish them based on their tax status.

Taxpayers should be equally supportive of two initiatives that create the same
economic impact.

And we shouldn't be confused into thinking that a not-for-profit corporation is
somehow holier than a private company.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jean Levac, The Ottawa Citizen; Emily Haines of Metric performs at the
Ottawa Bluesfest earlier this summer. Bluesfest, unlike this week's Country
Hoedown, rated a subsidy from taxpayers.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              West Virginia Record

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

New Biz Launchpad wins $50,000 SBA prize for growth accelerators

BYLINE: Carrie Salls

LENGTH: 582 words


WARDENSVILLE - The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA)announced recently
that New Biz Launchpad was one of 68 winners of its thirdannual Growth
Accelerator Fund Competition.

New Biz will receive $50,000 to boost the economic impact ofaccelerators in West
Virginia. In accepting the prize money, the SBA said theaccelerators must commit
to making one year of quarterly reports on jobscreated, funds raised, startups
launched and corporate sponsors obtained.



The New Biz Launchpad offers ongoing workshops, businesstraining, physical
office space, coaching, networking and classes coupled withexpertise from
successful entrepreneurs. The New Biz Launchpad works with thecommunity to help
cultivate new entrepreneurial ideas and opportunities and toimprove current
entrepreneurial endeavors.



"(New Biz Launchpad) is designed to really reduce risk andcost," Eastern West
Virginia Community and Technical College president ChuckTerrell told the West
Virginia Record.



Eastern West Virginia Community and Technical College is astate-supported
community and technical college, which is dedicated toproviding educational
opportunities for academic, technical, workforce trainingand lifelong learning
for the Potomac Highlands Regional community. Thecollege said it strives to
implement programs that will encourage economicgrowth and improve the general
welfare of the region.



One program implemented by Eastern to promoteentrepreneurship is The Institute
for Rural Entrepreneurship and EconomicDevelopment (IREED), which leads local
and regional initiatives to educate andempower entrepreneurship and, as a
result, encourage financial independencewithin the community. IREED formed the
New Biz Launchpad to assist withentrepreneurship in the region.



With New Biz Launchpad having a full-time entrepreneur inresidence, Terrell said
it received grant funding to put in a small businessdevelopment coach.



"(The funding)'s purpose is to support small businessdevelopment," Terrell said.



In addition, Terrell said New Biz Launchpad wants to usefunding to continue its
operations and workshops.



"The reality is that small business owners are looking forquick, short-term
training," Terrell said, not associate degrees or certificates.



To assist with agriculture entrepreneurs, the college said NewBiz Launchpad has
launched an Ag-Innovation Project designed to work with farmers, growers,
schools andcompanies to explore and endeavor to expand the economic
diversification offarmers by encouraging them to expand their thinking beyond
merely just raisinglivestock or growing crops.



The school said the grant will allow a focus on specificareas, such as Ag
Innovation Showcase and Ag Action Council with regionalfarmers, Agricultural
Transition Planning, the poultry biochar initiative and astudent-run store, and
will continue to work with regional and statewideagriculture needs to develop
educational opportunities and workshops.



"It is a great honor for our state to receive one of theGrowth Accelerator
awards," SBA West Virginia District Director Karen Frielsaid in a news release.
"I look forward to working more with New Biz Launchpadto help the small business
community of West Virginia."



The SBA said the federal government made four Small BusinessInnovation
(SBIR)/Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) awards in WestVirginia totaling
more than $1.2 million in fiscal year 2015. Since 1983, thefederal government
has made 224 awards in West Virginia for a total of morethan $66.9 million.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 WestVirginiaRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                             August 7, 2012 Tuesday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 730  words


Duke engineer receives award

DURHAM - Duke University engineer David Needham will establish the Center for
Single Particle Science and Engineering at the University of Southern Denmark in
Odense, Denmark.

Needham, professor of mechanical engineering and materials science at the Pratt
School of Engineering, is one of six international scientists to receive this
prestigious award.

His research will be supported over the next five years by $5 million from the
Danish National Research Foundation, plus $1 million in co-financing from the
host university.

He will split his time between Duke and SDU beginning Sept. 1.

Local students receive degrees

BLACKSBURG, Va. - A number of local residents received their degrees from
Virginia Tech during the university's spring commencement ceremonies.

The students included Anna Norwood of Hillsborough; Benjamin Isaacs, Kieran
Kepler, Caitlin King, Taylor Raczkowski, Michael Duda, Matthew Arnold, John
Dunkelberger and Nicholas Mangili, all of Chapel Hill.

Also receiving their degrees were Jeffrey Miller, Robert Pfeiffer, Nathan Kainz
and Stephen Diesel, all from Durham.

Pickus picked

DURHAM - Noah Pickus has been reappointed to a second five-year term as the
Nannerl O. Keohane Director of the Kenan Institute for Ethics at Duke
University.

The institute is a university-wide initiative committed to understanding and
addressing ethical challenges facing individuals, organizations and societies
worldwide.

In addition to serving as institute director, Pickus is an associate research
professor of public policy studies.

UNC unit launches center

CHAPEL HILL - The Frank Hawkins Kenan Institute of Private Enterprise at UNC
Chapel Hill will launch a $1.6 million center to promote business growth and job
creation in eastern North Carolina.

The Center for Jobs and Innovative Business Development will be funded

See Briefs/Page D2

with a five-year, $642,949 grant from the U.S. Economic Development
Administration and $1 million in matching funds from the Kenan Institute.

EDA is funding centers in eight states through the University Center Economic
Development Program, a partnership to leverage university assets to promote
American innovation and strengthen regional economic ecosystems. In North
Carolina, Fayetteville State University and Western Carolina University in
Cullowhee also received grants.

Student honored

NEW HAVEN, CT - Melanie Mayfield of Durham has been named to the dean's list at
the University of New Haven for the spring semester and to the Northeast-10
Athletic Conference Commissioner's Honor Roll for the fourth straight semester.

Mayfield is a member of the university's varsity softball team.

To make the dean's list, a student must earn a minimum grade point average of
3.5.

Internships awarded

RALEIGH - Several local college, graduate and professional school students were
selected for summer internships with state agencies.

The students included Onesia Boston-McGee of Carrboro, a first-year student at
the UNC School of Law; Hailey Johnson, a sophomore at UNC Greensboro and
Charlotte Pate, a junior at UNC Asheville, both from Chapel Hill; and Jason Howe
of Rougemont, a first-year student at the NCCU School of Law.

From Durham, students selected included Susan Camilleri, a graduate student at
N.C. State University; David Hunter, a second-year student at Duke School of
Law; Wendell McFarland, a sophomore at N.C. A&T University; Elizabeth Tucker, a
junior at East Carolina University; and

Ryan Lavery, a junior at Appalachian State University.

NCCU gets grant

DURHAM - The Department of Political Science at N.C. Central University has
received $120,000 through the United Negro College Fund Special Programs
Corporation and the U.S. Department of Education to administer and facilitate a
Global Entrepreneurship Initiative.

The goal of this initiative is to develop and implement supportive resources and
technologies that will integrate theory and practice to promote economic growth
and innovation through policy, social entrepreneurship and business enterprise.

The partnership will bring together four other minority-serving institutions,
small businesses, nonprofit organizations and other stakeholders to seize
overlooked opportunities, and to invent new approaches and create sustainable
solutions with positive economic impact.

Send university news to Neil Offen at noffen@heraldsun.com or telephone
919-419-6646.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

Creative fund launched for ready to go film and media projects

BYLINE: Owen McAteer

SECTION: BUSINESS: NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


A NEW fund is set to provide thousands of pounds in grants to further grow the
North-East's successful creative industries.

The Creative Jobs Fund will provide £150,000 of investment into the region's
film, TV and digital media sector.

It includes £75,000 of European Regional Development Fund money, which will be
match funded by participants in the scheme.

Yesterday's announcement of the fund, launched by regional film agency Northern
Film & Media, came a week after a Government commissioned report highlighted the
importance of the UK film industry to create jobs and stimulate inward
investment.

Although Northern Film & Media's £2.4m creative content fund, which provided
funding for projects that boosted the region's creative industries, completed
its investments at the end of last year the organisation said the new cash was
not a direct replacement.

The creative content fund helped bring a number of large scale film productions
to the North-East including Pulp Fiction actor Tim Roth in The Liability; Song
for Marion, starring Bond girl Gemma Arterton; The Man Inside, starring Peter
Mullan; and Interview With A Hitman, starring Luke Goss.

The new fund is concentrated on immediately creating jobs in the sector by
helping existing firms to expand through more modest grants of between £5,000
and £20,000.

It will look at 'ready-to-go' North East film, TV or digital media company
expansion programmes or production projects that will create jobs in the region
this spring.

It is aimed at helping firms which have struggled to attract investment from
initiatives such as the Government's Regional Growth Fund.

Tom Harvey, chief executive of Northern Film & Media said: " If they are to be
successful, they will have to demonstrate an ability to generate a significant
amount of jobs.

"This pilot fund will test the ability of the sector to deliver on the outputs
expected from larger initiatives such as the Regional Growth Fund."

Dan Brain, communications manager of Northern Film & Media added: "It is not a
direct replacement, that was £2.4m, this is £75,000.

"We wanted to provide a fund that would help creative companies to expand.

"There are pots of money like the Regional Growth Fund where creative companies
haven't been too successful, so we really wanted to see if there was something
in a smaller fund dedicated to the creative industries."

In October, independent research showed the North-East's creative industries
which recorded a 37.6 per cent increase in Gross Value Added (GVA) from 2005-10,
now contributes £90.6m to the regional economy and employs 2,100 people.

Of that, film and television have the greatest economic impact, generating £58m
per year and while nearly half of creative industry employees work in Newcastle
and Gateshead, Darlington saw a 75 per cent growth in the five-year period and
Hartlepool 50 per cent growth.

The deadline for submissions is February 8 and further details are available by
emialing Joanna@northernmedia.org or roxy@northernmedia.org

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

MARYLAND:Groundbreaking Mortgage Initiative for Homebuyers in Prince George's
County Fully Utilized in less than Four Months

LENGTH: 547  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Department of House and Community Development, The state of Maryland has issued
the following news release:

DHCD announced today that the funds set aside to provide down payment assistance
under the Maryland Mortgage Program Triple Play Initiative in Prince George's
County have been utilized.

MMP TriplePlay has been one of the most popular initiatives in the long history
of providing mortgages under the Maryland Mortgage Program.  State and county
officials announced that because of the unprecedented demand, a modified version
of the groundbreaking initiative will continue, building upon the nearly 400
homebuyers already served.

"The success of the MMP TriplePlay Initiative illustrates the economic impact of
a well-designed homeownership program that meets the needs of today's
homebuyer," said DHCD Secretary-designate Kenneth C. Holt.

"The homebuyer market is more diverse than in the past and increasingly consists
of members of the Millennium Generation" Secretary Holt continued. "The
Hogan-Rutherford administration is committed to pursuing innovative programs
such as MMP TriplePlay that help those families earn a piece of the American
dream."

The initiative was the result of a unique partnership between the Maryland
Department of Housing and Community Development, Prince George's County and the
Office of the Attorney General.  Working together, the partners recognized
homeownership as the most effective use of a portion of the $10 million that was
set aside for Prince George's County as part of the landmark Mortgage Servicing
Settlement between the nation's attorneys general and the five largest lenders.
The support of the Prince George's County Association of Realtors played an
important role in the success of the effort, Holt said.

Through the MMP TriplePlay Initiative, families looking to buy a home in Prince
George's County through the Maryland Mortgage Program were eligible for $10,000
in downpayment and closing cost assistance in a no-interest deferred loan with
an additional $10,000 grant if they purchase their home in targeted areas in the
county; 0.25 percent reduction in the Maryland Mortgage Program's already low
interest rate and a waiver of the state's fee on the Maryland HomeCredit, which
allows homebuyers to claim a federal income tax credit of up to $2,000 for as
long as the loan is outstanding.

MMP TriplePlay was launched in November and "sold out" in less than four months.

Under the extended version of the program, which officials have dubbed the
DoublePlay Initiative, eligible homebuyers may still receive the 0.25 percent
rate reduction from the Maryland Mortgage Program already low interest rates and
the fee waiver. In addition, all Maryland Mortgage Program borrowers may be
eligible for $5000 in down payment assistance in the form of a no-interest
deferred loan.

The Maryland Mortgage Program has been the state's flagship mortgage purchase
program for more than 30 years.  Program loans are administered by a network of
more than 60 private lending institutions across the state, including about 30
lenders in Prince George's County.  Additional benefits of the program include
pre-purchase home buyer education.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Mountaineer (Waynesville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Fairgrounds is tremendous economic asset for county

BYLINE: The Mountaineer, Waynesville, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 593 words


Jul. 29--Thanks to the efforts of many, the Haywood County fairgrounds has
evolved into more than just a spot to hold the annual county fair.

The fairgrounds has come a long way since the county first purchased the 25
acres off N.C. 209 about 20 years ago. Over the years, the facility has grown
into a first-rate event center with two exhibit halls, two barns, a covered
arena and plenty of parking. The latest arena expansion, which approached $1
million, was financed through grants from the Golden Leaf Foundation, a Housing
and Urban Development economic development initiative, $250,000 in county funds
and a $250,000 loan. The grants were a result of an effective argument from
fairground officials that an event center was needed west of Asheville to hold
livestock shows, auctions, festivals, business events or other large gatherings.

The facility has attracted national cattle shows, regional events such as last
month's dog show that filled many Haywood County hotels and has served as a
regular standby for regularly scheduled activities such as flea markets, craft
shows and, of course, the annual county fair.

The economic impact of the fairgrounds can be illustrated by an American Kennel
Club poll showing that more than $250,000 circulated in the county as a result
of the sanctioned AKC dog show. Other events that attract out-of-town overnight
visitors undoubtedly have a similar effect.

Through the years, the county has provided limited financial support, but much
of the funds for operating and improvements have come from rental fees.

This year, however, fairground funding went the way of all nonprofit or
nonessential county funding and was eliminated from the county budget. In
addition to $100,000 in budgeted funds the county eliminated for the fairgrounds
in the 2008-09 budget, fairgrounds officials are facing this year without the
traditional $150,000 in county funds allocated to the operations and capital
improvement costs.

Those who are part of the county appointed to the Haywood County Agriculture and
Activities Center governing board feel confident they can schedule more events
to meet the estimated $200,000 operating costs that covers insurance, a
scheduler, a marketing rep and an audit, said long-time fairgrounds advocate Sam
Smith. Capital improvements are on hold for now.

To address budget issues, fairground leaders are sponsoring new events and
becoming more aggressive in marketing efforts.

The actions are bound to spell good things not only for the fairgrounds, but for
the Haywood County economy as visitors flow in to attend multiple-day events. An
added benefit is the great entertainment available for county residents. Just a
few include the circus planned at the fairgrounds this weekend, extra  flea
markets and a  Mountain Music Jamboree set for Aug. 15 where some of the best
bluegrass bands in the region can be heard on one stage, all for the price of
$10 for advance ticket holders, $12 for those paying at the door.

The fairgrounds are indeed a plus for Haywood County. Supporting the operations
will provide both personal pleasure and a needed boost for the local economy.

To see more of The Mountaineer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themountaineer.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Mountaineer,
Waynesville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090729-NC-EDITORIAL-Fairgrounds-is-tremendous-economic-asset-for-county-0729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NC


                         Copyright 2009 The Mountaineer


                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           October 17, 2002, Thursday

WORKFORCE: POUNDS 1.8M AWM PLAN GIVES JOBLESS A SPORTING CHANCE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 508 words


Regional development agency Advantage West Midlands is providing more than
pounds 1.8 million of funding towards a sporting initiative.

It will tackle inequality and social exclusion, by creating opportunities for
residents of deprived communities to gain employment either in or through the
medium of sport.

Project co-ordinators and managers will work with local organisations and the
communities to develop and deliver localised initiatives.

The project will span Birmingham, Dudley and Sandwell and is being co-ordinated
by Sandwell Borough Council across the south of the Black Country and west
Birmingham regeneration zone. Karen Yeomans, director of development and
partnerships at Advantage West Midlands said yesterday: 'This activity attempts
to offer real progression and benefits for local communities through sport.

'It will build bridges for many communities and encourage people into voluntary
roles as well as to take up employment opportunities in avenues they would not
normally consider.' People will be able to access all kinds of opportunities
through sport including sports journalism and the project will act as a catalyst
to attract more funding into this area and will provide progression for many
local, national and international initiatives.

Sport England, the national development agency and lottery distributor for
sport, is closely involved and praises the grant made by Advantage West
Midlands.

John Roberts, regional director for Sport England West Midlands said: 'Sport is
big business. The economic impact of sport has been recognised for more than 20
years now, and its potential is growing considerably.

'More than half a million people are employed in sport in this country already,
and projects like this one will ensure job opportunities in sport are maximised
in areas that need it most,' he said.

Advantage West Midlands has also announced a series of measures to help link
people in Birmingham to job opportunities.

Access to and affordability of transport is a significant factor leading people
living in disadvantaged areas to job opportunities.

Two out of five jobseekers say lack of transport is a barrier to getting a job.
One in four says the cost of transport is a problem getting to interviews.

More than one in six people in low income areas have not applied for a job in
the last year because of transport problems and among 16 to 25-year-olds, this
figure is one in four.

One in ten people in lowincome areas has turned down a job in the last 12 months
due to transport problems.

In conjunction with local authorities and transport providers, AWM will map the
future transport needs of Birmingham with the focal point to link areas of high
unemployment to jobs.

Working with Centro, AWM has also backed a scheme to provide unemployed people
with subsidised travel to jobs, interviews and training.

A pilot WorkWise scheme will be established to assist the jobless in Birmingham
with public transport routes to job interviews and training.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           October 17, 2002, Thursday

WORKFORCE: POUNDS 1.8M AWM PLAN GIVES JOBLESS A SPORTING CHANCE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 508 words


Regional development agency Advantage West Midlands is providing more than
pounds 1.8 million of funding towards a sporting initiative.

It will tackle inequality and social exclusion, by creating opportunities for
residents of deprived communities to gain employment either in or through the
medium of sport.

Project co-ordinators and managers will work with local organisations and the
communities to develop and deliver localised initiatives.

The project will span Birmingham, Dudley and Sandwell and is being co-ordinated
by Sandwell Borough Council across the south of the Black Country and west
Birmingham regeneration zone. Karen Yeomans, director of development and
partnerships at Advantage West Midlands said yesterday: 'This activity attempts
to offer real progression and benefits for local communities through sport.

'It will build bridges for many communities and encourage people into voluntary
roles as well as to take up employment opportunities in avenues they would not
normally consider.' People will be able to access all kinds of opportunities
through sport including sports journalism and the project will act as a catalyst
to attract more funding into this area and will provide progression for many
local, national and international initiatives.

Sport England, the national development agency and lottery distributor for
sport, is closely involved and praises the grant made by Advantage West
Midlands.

John Roberts, regional director for Sport England West Midlands said: 'Sport is
big business. The economic impact of sport has been recognised for more than 20
years now, and its potential is growing considerably.

'More than half a million people are employed in sport in this country already,
and projects like this one will ensure job opportunities in sport are maximised
in areas that need it most,' he said.

Advantage West Midlands has also announced a series of measures to help link
people in Birmingham to job opportunities.

Access to and affordability of transport is a significant factor leading people
living in disadvantaged areas to job opportunities.

Two out of five jobseekers say lack of transport is a barrier to getting a job.
One in four says the cost of transport is a problem getting to interviews.

More than one in six people in low income areas have not applied for a job in
the last year because of transport problems and among 16 to 25-year-olds, this
figure is one in four.

One in ten people in lowincome areas has turned down a job in the last 12 months
due to transport problems.

In conjunction with local authorities and transport providers, AWM will map the
future transport needs of Birmingham with the focal point to link areas of high
unemployment to jobs.

Working with Centro, AWM has also backed a scheme to provide unemployed people
with subsidised travel to jobs, interviews and training.

A pilot WorkWise scheme will be established to assist the jobless in Birmingham
with public transport routes to job interviews and training.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2002 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            January 15, 2007 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

ORDER TO GO;
STATE IS RAMPING UP EFFORTS TO PROMOTE CULINARY TOURISM

BYLINE: By Mary Bergin The Capital Times

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1178 words


Fish boils in Door County, cheese tastings in Monroe, ethnic festivals on
Milwaukee's lakefront, Madison's farmers' markets, and fall cranberry harvests
near Wisconsin Rapids are tourist attractions as well as opportunities to
satisfy hunger.

The traveler's buffet is about to expand in size and visibility as the state
embarks on an investment in culinary tourism and other projects to encourage the
consumption of food from Wisconsin.

"Wisconsin is emerging as a hotbed of the national local food movement,"
researcher Brian Halweil of Washington, D.C., said at this month's Wisconsin
Local Food Summit in Stevens Point.

The Travel Industry Association of America, a nonprofit that represents the U.S.
tourism industry, in February will release findings of its first culinary
tourism survey. Preliminary results list California, Florida, New York and Texas
as the top food travel destinations.

"Food-based travel and culinary tours are one of the hottest buttons in travel
today," says Sarah Klavas of the state Department of Tourism. She estimates
one-fourth of state tourism's economic impact of $11.8 billion in 2005 involved
the purchase of food.

The Wisconsin culinary tourism push includes:

Development of eight Food and Culture Tourism Trails during the next five years.

A six-part "Adventures in Culinary Tourism" promotion, in partnership with
Wisconsin Trails, about food-based travel. A story about Madison players in the
Slow Food Movement kicks off the series in the magazine's current issue.

Print advertising to brand Wisconsin as a culinary destination. The first ad, in
Wisconsin Trails, says: "Save room for some fresh menus. Indulge yourself in
exquisite dining choices and savor our homegrown goodness."

The booking of Erik Wolf, executive director of the International Culinary
Tourism Association, as a speaker for this year's Governor's Conference on
Tourism.

"Culinary tourism is something that is especially relevant to secondary and
tertiary destinations -- places that need to try harder to get people to visit,"
Wolf says. "With the growth of interest in local products, Wisconsin stands to
do well."

His culinary tourism group, established three years ago in the state of Oregon,
has 500 members but none from Wisconsin. A culinary tourism Web site for
consumers will launch this year.

"Food is an attraction -- just like a museum," Wolf will tell the Wisconsin
tourism industry in March. "Food and drink are the most overlooked components of
the visitor experience.

"Every traveler eats and drinks, and consequently, the ubiquity of that behavior
is something that travel industry marketers usually overlook, largely because we
all take eating for granted."

*

Food/culture trails for Wisconsin have been proposed through the "Buy Local, Buy
Wisconsin" initiative, for which $550,000 is being requested through the state
Legislature. About one-half of the money would pay for two consultants to assist
with this work and the development of a regional food system that would make it
easier to process and market small quantities of ag products. The remaining
funds would be grant money.

Also available are grants through state tourism, which in 2006 distributed $1.3
million in project assistance.

"Door County will be one of the culinary trails," says Karen Raymore, who heads
the county's tourism efforts and sits on the 14-person Governor's Council on
Tourism. She expects an extension of the "Kingdom So Delicious" promotion that
began in 2005 with a $40,000 state tourism grant. The effort is about art and
cultural venues as well as restaurants and indigenous foods.

Raymore says a driving or walking route with specific stops would be a part of a
culinary trail project. "It will be very easy to put the Door County portion of
this together," she says.

Culinary awareness also has been a focus of ad campaigns in Monroe and New
Glarus, first with the "Taster's Tour of Green County," an initiative to
showcase the area's cheeses and beer, then "Farm to Feast Culinary Getaways,"
weekend itineraries that involve lodging, restaurants, cooking seminars, local
businesses and ag producers.

Then there are people like Susan Boldt of Slow Food Madison, who is bursting
with ideas about how to promote food and foodways (what we do with food, be it a
fish boil or community potluck). Among her ideas: urban walking tours to sample
food and beverages, an afternoon with artisanal cheesemakers, using food to help
understand the Hmong culture.

Boldt also suggests a seasonal "tastes" driving tour, similar to the Fall Art
Tour, a weekend event that involves southwestern Wisconsin artists at work in
their studios. It could end with "an evening of conviviality" at Folklore
Village, near Dodgeville.

"Every destination has its own culinary story to tell, but your success lies in
how well you package your culinary story for visitors," Wolf says. Having a
restaurant guide is not enough. It also is about providing the tourist with a
cooking class, Q&A time with a chef or another type of culinary experience.

Wolf describes culinary tourism as "at the tipping point as a niche -- akin to
where ecotourism was 20 years ago."

At www.culinarytourism.org, his group contends:

The higher the dinner bill, the more likely the patrons are tourists.

Interest in cuisine is not limited to a particular age, gender or ethnic group.

Dining is one of the top three tourist activities.

It is an activity that is not likely to be affected by weather.

It is an activity that is experiential, about more than eating.

*

The first-time Wisconsin Food Summit drew 200 foodies -- farmers, academics, ag
researchers and food retailers. About one-fourth were from Dane County. Keynote
speaker Halweil works for the Worldwatch Institute, which provides an
interdisciplinary approach to environmental sustainability, and is author of
"Eat Here: Reclaiming Homegrown Pleasures in a Global Supermarket."

He mentioned the Dane County Food Council as one example of Wisconsin's
visionary efforts. Only about 50 such councils exist nationwide, but Halweil
predicts more will emerge to "provide guidance on food decisions" and "help in
lobbying for more intelligent food decisions."

"More consumers want local food," says Amy Bruner, program analyst of the
state's Division of Agricultural Development. "We want to propel that growth."

The newly introduced legislation, introduced by Sen. Julie Lassa, D-Stevens
Point, stems from "Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin" brainstorming that began one year
ago. A goal is to shift 10 percent of consumer food spending to Wisconsin
products by 2010, a move that would add $1.9 billion annually to the state's
agricultural economy. Local food purchases typically are 1 to 3 percent
nationwide.

It is "one of the significant things we can do to ensure the survival of the
family farm," says Rod Nilsestuen, secretary of the state Department of
Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection.

Nilsestuen categorized Wisconsin Food Summit participants as a "united force"
that "represents the cutting edge of what needs to happen with our food
economy."

E-mail: mbergin@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DOOR COUNTY VISITOR BUREAU/DOOR COUNTY.COM PHOTOS Jonathan Bass of
Washington Island picks cherries at a roadside stand in Door County.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Utah: Rasmuson Foundation Provides $1.5 Million for Affordable Housing in Alaska

LENGTH: 218  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

The grants and tax credits will support projects in five communities to develop
or upgrade a total of a hundred and seventy-nine rental units for low-income and
senior residents. Grantees include GMD Development, which will use the funds to
acquire, renovate, and preserve a twenty-two-unit property as affordable housing
for low-income families; the Cook Inlet Housing Development Corporation, which
will use its funds to build forty-four new affordable rentals featuring solar
energy; Kenai Peninsula Housing Initiatives, which will construct a new six-unit
property for low-income families; and the Deltana Community Services
Partnership, which will build six new rental units featuring solar energy for
low-income seniors.

The grants and tax credits are expected to generate more than $48 million in
direct economic impact.

"The inability of many Alaskans to secure stable, affordable housing is a
solvable problem," said Rasmuson Foundation president Diane Kaplan. "Our $1.5
million contribution toward five of these projects is a great step forward in
both our partnership with AHFC and in the foundation's commitment to improve the
lives of Alaskans."

For further information please visit: http://www.philanthropynewsdigest.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday
                              WeeklyTimes Edition

Jobs? Blow it out your glass

BYLINE: By NATALIE KOTSIOS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 343 words


THE Murray Darling Basin Authority has spent more than $18,000 funding an
artist's four-week glass-blowing project.

The cash was paid for a "glass and science" artist's residency last month at the
Canberra Glassworks - where the artist, Sui Jackson, was employed. The residency
included $4000 for three research trips to basin communities and a $1000 artist
fee.

MDBA figures show the authority spent $168,218 on corporate grants for 2015-16,
including $18,150 for the Canberra Glassworks program.

The grant programs are not competitive; instead, funding is provided to "support
existing activities which help the MDBA achieve its policy objectives".

The MDBA would not provide details of the selection process except to say
decisions were "based on best practice and value for money consideration",
relative to Commonwealth guidelines.

"The Canberra Glassworks Glass and Science residency partnership is using glass
art to explore different uses of water in the basin," a spokeswoman said "This
grant was provided as part of the MDBA's education initiatives, which aim to
raise awareness of the Murray -Darling Basin in the broader community." Mr
Jackson is a Canberra artist who works at the Glassworks. According to the
Glassworks website, residency costs of $10,920 included: $4000 for three
research trips, $720 in accommodation; materials worth $2000; incidentals up to
$1200; and a $1000 artist's fee.

It is understood the Glassworks chose the artist. The Weekly Times sought
comment, but the Glassworks is closed on Mondays and Tuesdays.

The grant has raised the ire of the National Irrigators Council, with chief
executive Tom Chesson saying the funds would have been better spent on -research
into social and economic impacts of the basin plan.

"It's frustrating that people have seen one guy on a laptop from the MDBA doing
all the social and economic works, while tens of thousands of dollars have been
spent on blowing glass and paying for non-core work," Mr Chesson said.Recent
studies have show major job losses in northern basin regions due to the plan.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekly Times


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

3,10,000 small businesses affected by floods

BYLINE:  OUR STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 220

LENGTH: 512  words


The economic impact of the floods has yet to be fully quantified though it is
evident that agriculture sector has been hit hardest. As regards SMEs, SMEDA
estimates that around 310,000 small businesses are affected by this tragedy, the
majority of which are subsistence enterprises with less than 10 employees and an
annual turnover below Rs.500,000.

This was observed by Shahid Rashid, Chief Executive Officer SMEDA, in a meeting
held at SMEDA head office. He said that many of these ventures have been
established with less than Rs. 1,500,000 investment relying on loans from
relatives and the accumulated life savings of these entrepreneurs. Significantly
hampered already, these enterprises have to contend with new obstacles as flood
water has eroded an already weak infrastructure and in some cases has swept away
people's livelihood and future dreams.

He said that the Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) has
started to plan rehabilitative measures for flood affected SMEs.

CEO, SMEDA observed with deep concern that Pakistan was in the midst of a
nightmarish monsoon season reflecting little signs of receding. Early statistics
estimate the impact of the calamity to be grave, having far reaching
consequences to habitat, livelihood and human life in the affected areas, he
said.

Most flood affectees will become part of the 2.93 million that were already
unemployed, choking the stream of income being earned by these displaced
Pakistanis while further placing a burden on already scant resources. With
reduced income there are reduced savings; adversely impacting the GDP, which is
already affected by the reduction of Government revenue and increase in
expenditure being experienced as a result of this tragedy.

As donor organizations mobilize on a massive scale to meet the immediate
humanitarian needs of flood affectees, other public sector and social
development organizations have commenced the process of formulating
socio-economic initiatives to best create employment opportunities and spur
development in flood stricken areas.

Expressing SMEDA's role in contributing towards post-flood development in the
affected Districts, Mr. Shahid Rashid highlighted some of the key proposals that
SMEDA would be promoting in upcoming months. Among these measures, a Credit
Markup Sharing Fund for Flood Affected SMEs is noteworthy, so as to provide
subsidized financing opportunities to affected SMEs. A dedicated Helpline for
SMEs has also been proposed, endeavoring to provide a "One Stop Shop" and
facilitate affected SMEs in their business needs. Other initiatives being
proposed include providing grants and soft loans to SMEs for recuperating their
businesses and restoring their livelihood. Furthermore short term skills
training, upgrading of existing skill base and diversification of occupations
has also been planned, to prepare flood affectees for those trades that will be
in high demand during the recovery phase such as supply of construction
material, agricultural implements & inputs, logistics, masonry, carpentry,
welding, etc.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 25, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Community Development Revolving Loan Fund Pages 85110 - 85113
[FR DOC # 2016-28229]

LENGTH: 3338  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION 12 CFR Part 705 RIN 3133-AE58 Community
Development Revolving Loan Fund AGENCY: National Credit Union Administration
(NCUA). ACTION: Final rule.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The NCUA Board (Board) is finalizing a rule to make several technical amendments
to NCUA's rule governing the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund (CDRLF).
The amendments will make the rule more succinct and improve its transparency,
organization, and ease of use by credit unions. DATES: This rule is effective
December 27, 2016. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Geetha Valiyil, Manager,
Grants and Loans, Office of Small Credit Union Initiatives, or Justin Anderson,
Senior Staff Attorney, Office of General Counsel, at 1775 Duke Street,
Alexandria, VA 22314 or telephone (703) 518-6645 (Ms. Valiyil) or (703) 518-6540
(Mr. Anderson). SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: A. Background In June 2016, the Board
issued a proposed rule to amend NCUA's CDRLF rule.\1\ The proposed amendments
were largely technical in nature or clarified NCUA's practices with respect to
disbursing money from the CDRLF.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \1\
81 FR 40197 (June 21, 2016).
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- B.
Summary of Comments NCUA received three comments on the proposed rule, all of
which were generally supportive of the rule. One commenter, however, did request
additional changes and clarifications. [[Page 85111]] These comments are
addressed in the section-by-section analysis below. C. Section-by-Section
Analysis As the Board did not receive any comments on the amendments to Sec.
Sec. 705.1, 705.6, and 705.9, which relate to the authority and purpose of the
part, terms for grants, and reporting, the Board is finalizing these amendments
as proposed. Sec. 705.2 Definitions. This section provides definitions used
throughout the rule. The proposed rule removed unnecessary and duplicative
definitions. One commenter requested that the Board reconsider the removal of
the definition of ``Fund.'' The commenter stated that this term is specifically
relevant to the CDRLF rule and should remain. As noted in the preamble, this
term is already defined in Sec. 705.1. The Board continues to believe a second
definition of ``Fund'' is unnecessary and is, therefore, finalizing the
amendments to this section as proposed. Sec. 705.5. Terms and Conditions. This
section outlines the terms and conditions for CDRLF loans. Currently, this
section has an aggregate loan limit of $300,000, which prevents NCUA from making
loans that exceed this amount. As noted in the proposal, the Board sought to
remove this limit to allow NCUA to grant loans in excess of $300,000 and to
provide more flexibility for the agency to meet changing loan demands. One
commenter believed that the proposed removal of the aggregate loan limit from
the rule could lead to NCUA instituting lower aggregate limits, which could harm
credit unions. This commenter suggested including language in the rule that
explicitly instructs that there is no aggregate limit for loans or technical
assistance grants. As noted in the preamble to the proposed rule, the Board
proposed eliminating the aggregate loan limit to help credit unions. As the
current aggregate loan limit is an upper limit, NCUA is currently free to set a
lower amount for CDRLF loans but cannot offer a higher amount. The proposed
removal of this limit will allow NCUA to offer higher loan amounts. As the
proposed removal of the limit will help, rather than harm credit unions, the
Board is adopting this change as proposed. Further, as there is currently no
aggregate limit for technical assistance grants and the grant amounts vary each
year, the Board does not believe it is necessary to add the additional language
suggested by this commenter. This commenter also requested more substantive
terms and conditions for technical assistance grants. While the commenter did
not specify what additional terms and conditions the Board should add, the
commenter did suggest that the terms and conditions for grants are ``scarce in
comparison'' to those for loans. The Board notes that as grants are not required
to be repaid, unlike loans made under the CDRLF program, there is no need for
more comprehensive terms and conditions. Further, the Board's goal in proposing
amendments to the CDRLF rule was to make the rule more user friendly and
simpler; adding additional terms and conditions where they are not needed would
frustrate that purpose. Finally, as noted in the proposed rule, any additional
terms and conditions for loans or grants will be specified in the Notice of
Funding Opportunity and not in the regulatory text. Current Sec. 705.6.
Application and award processes. This section specifies the procedures a credit
union must follow to apply for a loan or grant from the CDRLF. The Board sought
to make this section clearer and more accurate by proposing amendments that made
this section easier to follow and more reflective of NCUA's current practices.
One commenter requested clarification on whether a credit union is required to
obtain approval from the applicable regional director before submitting an
application. NCUA has never required such prior approval in the past, and the
Board clarifies it is not doing so now. Sec. 705.10. Appeals. The Board proposed
to add this new section to contain all applicable appeals language in one
section, which would make the rule more user friendly. One commenter requested
clarification on the appeal rights in proposed Sec. 705.10(a). Specifically,
this commenter believes that this section could be interpreted as only applying
to loans and not to grants. In relevant portion, proposed Sec. 705.10(a) reads
as follows: ``Appeals of Non-Qualification. A Qualifying Credit Union whose
application for a loan or technical assistance grant has been denied, under Sec.
705.7(f) of this part, for failure of a qualification may appeal that decision
to the NCUA Board in accordance with the following . . .'' The Board believes
this section clearly applies to both loans and technical assistance grants.
Conversely subsection (b) of this proposed section states that it only applies
to technical assistance grants. The Board is adopting the amendments to this
section as proposed. Regulatory Procedures Regulatory Flexibility Act The
Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) requires NCUA to prepare an analysis to
describe any significant economic impact any proposed regulation may have on a
substantial number of small entities. NCUA considers credit unions having less
than $100 million in assets to be small for purposes of RFA. The revisions to
part 705 are designed to update and streamline the rule, thereby reducing the
burden for credit unions that are seeking financial awards, whether in the form
of a technical assistance grant or a loan. NCUA has determined and certifies
that this rule, if adopted, will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small credit unions. Accordingly, the NCUA has determined
that an RFA analysis is not required. Paperwork Reduction Act The Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995 (PRA) applies to rulemakings in which an agency by rule
creates a new paperwork burden or increases an existing burden. For purposes of
the PRA, a paperwork burden may take the form of a reporting or recordkeeping
requirement, both referred to as information collections. The changes in this
rule are technical in nature and will not create new paperwork burdens or modify
any existing paperwork burdens. Executive Order 13132 Executive Order 13132
encourages independent regulatory agencies to consider the impact of their
actions on state and local interests. In adherence to fundamental federalism
principles, NCUA, an independent regulatory agency as defined in 44 U.S.C.
3502(5), voluntarily complies with the executive order. This rulemaking will not
have a substantial direct effect on the states, on the connection between the
national government and the states, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. NCUA has determined
that this rule does not constitute a policy that has federalism implications for
purposes of the executive order. The Treasury and General Government
Appropriations Act, 1999-- Assessment of Federal Regulations and Policies on
Families The NCUA has determined that this rule will not affect family well-
being within the meaning of section 654 of the Treasury and General Government
Appropriations Act, 1999, Public Law 105-277, 112 Stat. 2681 (1998). [[Page
85112]] List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 705 Community programs, Credit unions,
Grants, Loans, Low income, Revolving fund. By the National Credit Union
Administration Board on November 17, 2016. Gerard Poliquin, Secretary of the
Board. For the reasons stated above, NCUA amends 12 CFR part 705 as follows:
PART 705--COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT REVOLVING LOAN FUND FOR CREDIT UNIONS 0 1. The
authority citation for part 705 continues to read as follows: Authority: 12
U.S.C. 1756, 1757(5)(D), and (7)(I), 1766, 1782, 1784, 1785 and 1786. 0 2. Amend
Sec. 705.1 by revising paragraphs (c) through (e) to read as follows: Sec. 705.1
Authority, purpose, and scope. * * * * * (c) NCUA's policy is to revolve the
loan funds to credit unions as often as practical in order to achieve maximum
economic impact on as many credit unions as possible. (d) The financial awards
provided to credit unions through the Fund will better enable them to support
the communities in which they operate; provide basic financial services to
low-income residents of these communities, and result in more opportunities for
the residents of those communities to improve their financial circumstances. (e)
The Fund is intended to support the efforts of credit unions through loans and
technical assistance grants needed for: (1) Providing basic financial and
related services to residents in their communities; (2) Enhancing their capacity
to better serve their members and the communities in which they operate; and (3)
Responding to emergencies. 0 3. Revise Sec. 705.2 to read as follows: Sec. 705.2
Definitions. For purposes of this part, the following terms shall have the
meanings assigned to them in this section. Application means a form supplied by
the NCUA by which a Qualifying Credit Union may apply for a loan or a technical
assistance grant from the Fund. Loan is an award in the form of an extension of
credit from the Fund to a Participating Credit Union that must be repaid, with
interest. Low-income Members are those members defined in Sec. 701.34 of this
chapter. Notice of Funding Opportunity means the Notice NCUA publishes
describing one or more loan or technical assistance grant programs or
initiatives currently being supported by the Fund and inviting Qualifying Credit
Unions to submit applications to participate in the program(s) or initiatives
(s). Participating Credit Union refers to a Qualifying Credit Union that has
submitted an application for a loan or a technical assistance grant from the
Fund which has been approved by NCUA. A Participating Credit Union shall not be
deemed to be an agency, department, or instrumentality of the United States
because of its receipt of a financial award from the Fund. Program means the
Community Development Revolving Loan Fund Program under which NCUA makes loans
and technical assistance grants available to credit unions. Qualifying Credit
Union means a credit union that may be, or has agreed to be, examined by NCUA,
with a current low-income designation pursuant to Sec. 701.34(a)(1) or Sec.
741.204 of this chapter or, in the case of a non-federally insured,
state-chartered credit union, a low-income designation from a state regulator,
made under appropriate state standards with the concurrence of NCUA. Services to
low-income members must include, at a minimum, offering share accounts and
loans. Technical Assistance Grant means an award of money from the Fund to a
Participating Credit Union that does not have to be repaid. 0 4. Amend Sec.
705.5 as follows: 0 a. Revise the section heading. 0 b. Revise paragraph (b). 0
c. Amend paragraph (h) by adding the words ``security agreements (if any),''
between the words ``repayment obligations,'' and ``and covenants,''. The
revisions read as follows: Sec. 705.5 Terms and conditions for loans. * * * * *
(b) Funding Limits. NCUA will publish any applicable loan funding limits in the
applicable Notice of Funding Opportunity. * * * * * Sec. 705.8 [Removed] 0 5.
Remove Sec. 705.8. Sec. Sec. 705.6 and 705.7 [Redesignated as Sec. Sec. 705.7
and 705.8] 0 6. Redesignate Sec. Sec. 705.6 and 705.7 as Sec. Sec. 705.7 and
705.8, respectively; 0 7. Add new Sec. 705.6 to read as follows: Sec. 705.6
Terms and conditions for technical assistance grants. (a) Participating Credit
Unions must comply with the terms and conditions for technical assistance grants
specified for each funding opportunity offered under a Notice of Funding
Opportunity. (b) NCUA will establish applicable funding limits for technical
assistance grants in the Notice of Funding Opportunity. 0 8. Amend redesignated
Sec. 705.7 as follows: 0 a. Revise paragraph (a). 0 b. Revise paragraph (c)(4).
0 c. Revise paragraphs (f) and (g). The revisions read as follows: Sec. 705.7
Application and award processes. (a) Notice of Funding Opportunity. NCUA will
publish a Notice of Funding Opportunity in the Federal Register and on its Web
site. The Notice of Funding Opportunity will describe the loan and technical
assistance grant programs for the period in which funds are available. It also
will announce special initiatives, the amount of funds available, funding
priorities, permissible uses of funds, funding limits, deadlines, and other
pertinent details. The Notice of Funding Opportunity will also advise potential
applicants on how to obtain an Application and related materials. NCUA may
supplement the information contained in the Notice of Funding Opportunity
through such other media as it determines appropriate, including Letters to
Credit Unions, press releases, direct notices to Qualifying Credit Unions, and
announcements on its Web site. * * * * * (c) * * * (4) Examination Information
and Applicable Concurrence. In evaluating a Qualifying Credit Union, NCUA will
consider all information provided by NCUA staff or state supervisory authority
staff that performed the Qualifying Credit Union's most recent examination. In
addition: (i) NCUA will only provide a loan to a qualifying federal credit union
with the concurrence of that credit union's supervising Regional Director; and
(ii) NCUA will only provide a loan to a qualifying state-charted credit union
with the written concurrence of the applicable Regional Director and the credit
union's state supervisory authority. A qualifying state-chartered credit union
should notify its state supervisory authority that it is applying for a loan
from the Fund before submitting its application to NCUA. However, a qualifying
state- chartered credit union is not required to obtain [[Page 85113]]
concurrence before applying for a loan. NCUA will obtain the concurrence
directly from the state supervisory authority rather than through the qualifying
state-chartered credit union. Additionally, before NCUA will provide a loan to a
qualifying state-charted credit union the credit union must make copies of its
state examination reports available to NCUA and agree to examination by NCUA. *
* * * * (f) Notice of Award. NCUA will determine whether an application meets
NCUA's standards established by this part and the related Notice of Funding
Opportunity. NCUA will provide written notice to a Qualifying Credit Union as to
whether or not it has qualified for a loan or technical assistance grant under
this part. A Qualifying Credit Union whose application has been denied for
failure of a qualification may appeal that decision in accordance with Sec.
705.10 of this part. (g) Disbursement--(1) Loans. Before NCUA will disburse a
loan, the Participating Credit Union must sign the loan agreement, promissory
note, and any other loan related documents. NCUA may, in its discretion, choose
not to disburse the entire amount of the loan at once. (2) Technical Assistance
Grants. NCUA will disburse technical assistance grants in such amounts, and in
accordance with such terms and conditions, as NCUA may establish. In general,
technical assistance grants are provided on a reimbursement basis, to cover
expenditures approved in advance by NCUA and supported by receipts evidencing
payment by the Participating Credit Union. 0 9. Revise Sec. 705.9(b) to read as
follows: Sec. 705.9 Reporting and monitoring. * * * * * (b) Reporting--(1)
Reporting to NCUA. A Participating Credit Union must complete and submit to NCUA
all required reports, at such times and in such formats as NCUA will direct.
Such reports must describe how the Participating Credit Union has used the loan
or technical assistance grant proceeds and the results it has obtained, in
relation to the programs, policies, or initiatives identified by the
Participating Credit Union in its application. NCUA may request additional
information as it determines appropriate. (2) Reporting to Members--(i) Loans. A
Participating Credit Union that receives a loan under this part must report on
the progress of providing needed community services to the Participating Credit
Union's members once a year, either at the annual meeting or in a written report
sent to all members. The Participating Credit Union must also submit to NCUA the
written report or a summary of the report provided to members. (ii) Technical
Assistance Grants. A Participating Credit Union that receives a technical
assistance grant under this part should report on the progress of providing
needed community services to the Participating Credit Union's members once a
year, either at the annual meeting or in a written report sent to all members. *
* * * * 0 10. Revise Sec. 705.10 to read as follows: Sec. 705.10 Appeals. (a)
Appeals of non-qualification. A Qualifying Credit Union whose application for a
loan or technical assistance grant has been denied, under Sec. 705.7(f), for
failure of a qualification may appeal that decision to the NCUA Board in
accordance with the following: (1) Within thirty days of its receipt of a notice
of non- qualification, a credit union may appeal the decision to the NCUA Board.
The scope of the NCUA Board's review is limited to the threshold question of
qualification and not the issue of whether, among qualified applicants, a
particular loan or technical assistance grant is funded. (2) The foregoing
procedure shall apply only with respect to Applications received by NCUA during
an open period in which funds are available and NCUA has called for
Applications. Any Application submitted by an applicant during a period in which
NCUA has not called for Applications will be rejected, except for those
Applications submitted under Sec. 705.8. Any such rejection shall not be subject
to appeal or review by the NCUA Board. (b) Appeals of technical assistance grant
reimbursement denials. Pursuant to NCUA Interpretative Ruling and Policy
Statement 11-1, any Participating Credit Union may appeal a denial of a
technical assistance grant reimbursement to NCUA's Supervisory Review Committee.
All appeals of technical assistance grant reimbursements must be submitted to
the Supervisory Review Committee within 30 days from the date of the denial. The
decisions of the Supervisory Review Committee are final and may not be appealed
to the NCUA Board. [FR Doc. 2016-28229 Filed 11-23-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
7535-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: Governor McAuliffe Announces Agriculture, Forestry Planning Grants for
Orange County, City of Richmond

LENGTH: 1166  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Governor Terry McAuliffe announced today the award of two planning grants from
the Governor's Agriculture and Forestry Industries Development Fund (AFID).
Projects in Orange County and the City of Richmond have been awarded $40,000 to
support the growth of agricultural and forestry projects in the Commonwealth.

These are the ninth and tenth awards the Governor has made from the AFID
planning grant program, established to encourage local governments to work
strategically with their agricultural communities to identify projects and
opportunities that can bring important benefits to local producers and the
community as a whole.

Speaking about the AFID planning grant awards, Governor McAuliffe said,
"Innovative efforts and partnerships in agriculture are integral to building a
new Virginia economy.  The Commonwealth's legacies in both history and
agriculture are tremendous, and today our communities promote not only those
legacies, but also strive to better develop them to enhance their economies.  In
addition, with such a powerful agricultural economy producing so many
high-quality and wholesome products, we need to work harder to get those
products into food deserts and bridge the nutritional divide, one of the First
Lady's most important initiatives.  I believe it is important to use all the
tools we have at our disposal, like the AFID, to capitalize on our strengths and
move our economy forward."

"I am pleased to see the AFID planning grant program being utilized in both
rural and urban localities across the state," said Secretary of Agriculture and
Forestry Todd Haymore.  "With these two projects coming online, the program has
helped 50 localities further develop agriculture and forestry assets in their
economic development and jobs creation strategic plans.  I applaud Orange County
and the City of Richmond for their commitment to agriculture and willingness to
learn more about how best to utilize it to the benefit of their economies and
their citizens."

The AFID planning grant program, funded annually at $250,000, was developed to
encourage localities to plan strategically how they can better support and
integrate agriculture- and forestry-based businesses into their overall economic
development and job creation efforts. Since its creation in 2012, AFID planning
grants have been awarded to 25 projects in 50 localities across the
Commonwealth, leveraging more than $505,000 in funding.  The planning grants are
part of the larger Governor's AFID program, an economic development tool
specifically tailored for agriculture and forestry value-added or processing
projects.

"Orange County looks forward to this partnership with The Montpelier Foundation
to assess potential agribusiness and agritourism opportunities to benefit
Montpelier and to advance economic development efforts within the county." said
Lee Frame, Chairman of Orange County Board of Supervisors.

"I am extremely pleased the City has been selected to receive this AFID planning
grant," said Richmond Mayor Dwight C. Jones. "It will aid in the development of
a Food System Plan to promote urban agriculture, nutrition education, community
engagement, policy change and overall access to healthy food for low-income,
low-access communities in Richmond. This plan furthers the work of the Food
Policy Task Force I established in July 2011 to ensure all residents have access
to healthy foods and an understanding of the impact it has on both an
individual's health and the health of the community at-large."

AFID planning and facility grants are available for political subdivisions of
the Commonwealth interested in growing their agriculture and forestry industries
by strategically targeting businesses that add value to Virginia-grown
agriculture and forest products.  Nearly $1.8 million in AFID facility grant
funding has helped create 1,266 jobs and spur more than $145.3 million in
capital investment throughout the Commonwealth since the first announcement in
December 2012.

The Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services (VDACS) administers
the AFID program, and planning grant applications are accepted on a rolling
basis throughout the fiscal year.  Successful funding requests must demonstrate
a clear need, a proposed solution, strong support from local government and the
agriculture and forestry community, and the ability to provide cash or in-kind
matching funds.  Localities interested in applying may visit
http://vdacs.virginia.gov/agribusiness/planning.shtml or contact AFID Fund
Coordinator Stephen Versen at stephen.versen@vdacs.virginia.gov or 804.786.6911
for more information.

Details on the grant awards are below:

Project Title: Assessing Opportunities for Agriculture and Agritourism at
Montpelier
    Applicant:       Orange County
    Award:           $20,000
    Summary:       The overall project purpose is to explore sustainable
agriculture and agritourism opportunities that fit Montpelier's mission and the
rural character of its Orange County surroundings, while offering the potential
to generate jobs, spur enterprise development, increase visitation, and enhance
income in the region.  Virginia Tech's Office of Economic Development, in
coordination with the Orange County Ag-Ventures Working Group, will conduct the
study.

Project Title: Building a Sustainable Food System Plan in Richmond
    Applicant:       City of Richmond
    Award:           $20,000
    Summary:       The City of Richmond's Food Access and Equity Task Force,
with assistance from the Institute for Public Health Innovation, will conduct a
local food access and equity policy assessment.  They will also develop a new
Food System Plan to promote urban agriculture, nutrition education, community
engagement, and policy changes that will improve overall access to healthy food
for low-income, low-access communities in Richmond.  Key components of the plan
include identifying parcels of land near food deserts which are appropriate for
urban agricultural development, conducting focus groups and surveys within
target neighborhoods and developing policy recommendations that will reduce food
access barriers citywide.

According to a 2013 economic impact study conducted by the Weldon Cooper Center
for Public Service at the University of Virginia, agriculture and forestry are
two of Virginia's largest private industries with a combined economic impact of
$70 billion annually.  Agriculture generates more than $52 billion per annum,
while forestry generates more than $17 billion.  The industries also provide
more than 400,000 jobs in the Commonwealth.  More information about the Weldon
Cooper Center's study can be found at
http://www.coopercenter.org/node/2/publications/economic-impacts
-agriculture-and-forestry-virginia-revised-2012.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CHEVRON INVESTS;
ITS $20 MILLION COMMITMENT WILL SERVE THE REGION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 289 words


As an energy company, Chevron Corp. and its employees rely daily on a knowledge
of math and science to find success. Now the company is investing $20 million in
the region to help K-12 students and young adults achieve the same.

The Appalachia Partnership Initiative is a four-year effort to broaden the STEM
education - science, technology, engineering and math - of children so they can
better prepare for the opportunities of the future. More short-term, the program
also will underwrite training that will deliver more qualified local job
applicants to an industry that continues to expand in the region.

Collaborating with Chevron on this are the Allegheny Conference on Community
Development, the Benedum Foundation and Rand Corp. The program will focus on 27
counties in southwestern Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio and northern West Virginia.

The initiative will extend Chevron's Project Lead the Way from five school
districts to 20, giving students a richer, more hands-on and collaborative STEM
curriculum. It will provide scholarships to young adults who are being trained
by community colleges and similar schools for energy jobs. And it will earmark
funding for energy labs in the Elizabeth-Forward and Bethlehem Center school
districts that partner with Carnegie Mellon University students.

When drilling in the Marcellus Shale began in earnest in Pennsylvania, some were
skeptical about how many jobs would result and what the overall economic impact
would be.

Now that it has proved to be a booming industry, Chevron, with its partners, is
giving back to the community with a significant investment in education that
will not just help its business but, more important, enrich young people's
understanding of their scientific world.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          WA Business News (Australia)

                               November 30, 2000

Talking Points

LENGTH: 403  words


* SHERATON Perth has won the Best Five-star Accommodation and Best Conference
and Banquet Service Facility awards at the Australian Hotels Association WA
awards. Other winners included the Windsor Hotel in the Best Bar Presentation
and Service category, Burswood Resort Hotel in the Best Training Initiative
Category, The Como Hotel in the Best Retail Bottleshop Outlet category and the
Subiaco Hotel in the Best Restaurant category.* GOOD starts to the abalone and
rock lobster seasons and good catches of finfish along WA beaches and rivers
promise an enjoyable summer fishing season for the State's more than 600,000
recreational anglers. Recreational fishing in WA has an economic impact of more
than a billion dollars annually.* TWO new Lotteries Commission programs will
make $1 million available for social research and projects to strengthen WA
communities.

In the past Lotteries Commission grants have focussed on capital expenditure,
infrastructure or equipment. The money will be split 50-50 between social
research grants and the commission's Connected Families, Connected Communities
program. The funding is available to WA not-for-profit community groups and
local government authorities.* ALCOA World Alumina Australia has joined forces
with the World Wildlife Fund and the Natural Heritage Trust and launched a new
program aimed at arresting the decline of WA's ecologically unique wheatbelt
woodlands. Woodland Watch will encourage private landholders to manage and
conserve remnant eucalypt woodlands by providing assistance with fencing,
brokering conservation agreements, covenants and programs such as Land for
Wildlife, developing management plans and conducting botanical surveys to
determine ecological significance.* THE ministry for Women's Interests has
released a guide to help young women better manage their money and achieve
financial independence. The guide covers a range of topics from starting a new
business to balancing home and work and how to arrange finances in a
relationship. On a similar theme, the Australian Securities and Investments
Commission issued an alert for young people urging them to make themselves aware
of their financial rights and responsibilities. The consumer alert provides the
top 10 finance tips for young adults. ASIC are launching a new youth portal in
their consumer website at, www.fido.asic.gov.au. Log on and learn new ways you
can manage your money.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2000 WA Business News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Newcastle Star

                                December 8, 2014

Opinion: A snapshot of Newcastle's economic profile

BYLINE: Newcastle lord mayor Nuatali Nelmes

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 284  words


THE council is pleased to be able to provide Newcastle businesses, community
organisations, schools and other interested people access to the latest economic
data for the City of Newcastle.

The fantastic online tool features information about all facets of our local
economy and is accessible from any computer.

The council has subscribed to this product for 12 months and it will be able to
use the data to inform potential investors, prospective new residents,
researchers, students and media organisations about the economic health, growth
and future potential of the city.

The Newcastle economic profile provides data on key economic indicators such as
employment, output, wages and salaries, exports, imports and value added.

The profile allows comparison of data for Newcastle with state and national data
as well.

It will greatly enhance our capacity to respond to economic development
initiatives, grant applications and reporting on economic issues.

Some of the ways the data can be used are to:

' add weight to funding and grant applications, media releases and feasibility
studies;

' generate detailed local economic data and maps to promote the area;

' analyse the economic impacts of potential developments or industry closures;

' identify the economic contribution of existing business and industries;

' understand the spatial distribution of industries across the area;

' identify opportunities for import replacement and value adding and;

' generate economic profiles for sub regions.

Some interesting facts about the community:

' Estimated resident population of the Newcastle LGA: 158,553

' Estimated number of people who are employed in Newcastle: 87,849

' Estimated gross regional product: $13.587 billion.

LOAD-DATE: December 09, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 12, 2008 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

UM Lobster Institute gets NOAA grant

SECTION: Pg. B4

LENGTH: 306 words

DATELINE: ORONO


With help from a federal grant, the University of Maine's Lobster Institute has
plans to create a coalition of scientists and industry representatives in the
Northeast and in Atlantic Canada to help monitor the health of Atlantic lobster
populations.

According to a statement released by the institute, it has received $178,421 in
funding from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to help with
the effort.

In the release, Robert Bayer, executive director of the institute, noted that
last year Maine fishermen landed roughly 56 million pounds of lobster worth
about $248 million, which is about 80 percent of the landings in the entire U.S.
The annual national economic impact of the fishery, he indicated, is estimated
at $700 million to $1.2 billion.

"The lobster fishery's continued success is particularly dependent on the
long-term health of the lobster and its habitat," Bayer wrote in the release.
"We must be proactive in sustaining both the lobster resource and the lobster
industry, which employs thousands of citizens, many in economically depressed
areas."

The Lobster Health Coalition, which will be part of the institute's
conservation, outreach, research and education, or CORE, initiative, will work
to collect baseline lobster health data and will encourage coordinated research
to address lobster health issues.

Deborah Bouchard, manager of UMaine's Aquatic Animal Health Laboratory, said a
2007 project that tested samples from wild lobster populations will be used as a
model for regional sampling by the coalition.

"We intend to develop a regionwide lobster health program focusing on
pathogenbiolog and disease epidemiology, with strategies for prevalence testing,
disease diagnostics and health management," Bouchard said in the release.

The Lobster Institute can be contacted at 581-2751 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Greensboro Awarded $8.418 Million in Grants for Mega Site

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The Golden LEAF Foundation, the Rural Infrastructure Authority and Duke Energy
announced today they have granted the City of Greensboro $8.418 million in
grants to build infrastructure at the Greensboro-Randolph Mega Site, an
industrial site designed to draw an advanced manufacturer and potential major
employer to the region.





 "This grant represents another significant vote of confidence for the Mega
Site," said Greensboro City Manager Jim Westmoreland. "Today we have taken
another step forward toward our goal of bringing significant new investment and
jobs to our region."



 Located southeast of Greensboro in Randolph County, the Mega Site is a regional
collaboration between government, business, and educational institutions. The
City of Greensboro has committed to providing water and wastewater for the Mega
Site, including a 16-inch force main with a capacity of about one million
gallons a day and a pump station.



 The grants awarded today were given under the Major Site Development
Initiative, a joint effort by Golden LEAF, the Rural Infrastructure Authority
and the utility to increase industrial site competitiveness and reduce the time
it takes to draw major projects and private investment. Golden LEAF granted $7
million for sewer infrastructure and the Rural Infrastructure Authority provided
$1.418 million for additional infrastructure needs.



 "Our board recognizes the significant economic impact transformational projects
can make on our state," said Dan Gerlach, Golden LEAF president. "This
collaborative effort will help move the economic needle and improve North
Carolina's competitive position."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2013

Ag programs face funding cuts in 2013-14 budget;
Danou

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 825  words


Every odd numbered year brings a new budget in Wisconsin State Government. The
budget serves as a roadmap and sets the direction our state will go for the next
two years. As part of the process, each agency submits its own request for
funding that will allow it to pay staff, fund necessary programs and provide
services to people across Wisconsin.

The budget process has been underway since Gov. Walker introduced his state
budget about seven weeks ago. During that time, legislators have had the
opportunity to receive an overview from the Legislative Fiscal Bureau (LFB),
which provides the legislature with non-partisan, detailed information that
breaks down the budget into understandable terms. Legislators have also had the
chance to hear from state agencies and learn more about the details of their
individual budget request.

Last week, the Assembly Committee on Agriculture heard testimony from the
Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection (DATCP) regarding its
2013-2014 budget request. Since my first term in 2009, I have been a member on
the Ag Committee and have heard budget requests and testimony during Democratic
and Republican administrations. One thing I've learned the past few years is
that each biennium brings a different funding request for an agency.

Funding requests indicate what the priorities are for an agency for the next two
years. After hearing DACTP's funding request last week, it became clear there
are some changes to their budget that will directly impact our area and other
communities across Wisconsin. Unfortunately, there are successful programs that
will not receive any funding for the next-two years under' DATCP's current
request.

Programs that are receiving funding' elimination in the current DATCP budget are
the Agri cultural Development and Diversification, Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin, and
the Grazing Lands Conservation Initiative grants. It was surprising to learn
these successful and rela-tively inexpensive programs that help small businesses
start and expand are being cut. Specifically, the Agricultural Develop-ment and
Diversification grant" funding is $321,000 annually,' Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin
grants funding is $200,000 and the Grazing Lands Conservation Ini-tiative
funding is $375,000. These three programs total $896,000 annually and are set to
be elimi-nated.

I have heard from constituents and interested groups in the past few weeks
expressing their con-cern for funding elimination to these programs. They have
reached out and contacted people, at DATCP as well as other legislators.
Unfortunately, there has not yet been an attempt to put these programs and their
neces-sary funding back into the budget. I believe this is a missed opportu-nity
to make a successful small investment to help get our economy back on track.

During the past few years, we've witnessed our state and national economy
plummet and slowly recover. However, Wis-consin's economy has sputtered along at
a slower rate than the na-tional average and all of our Midwestern neighbors
have performed better in creating jobs. With Wisconsin's current ranking of 44th
in job growth, it is clear there is more work to do and that we should keep
agricultural and economic development programs that are successful.

'For generations, agriculture has been a major player in the Wisconsin economy.
We have created successful and relatively inexpensive programs that help farmers
get off the ground and become contributors to our state and local economy. I
encourage DATCP and the Republican-controlled legislature to reconsider the
proposed elimination of the Agricultural Development and Diversification, Buy
Local, Buy Wisconsin, and the Grazing Lands Conservation Initiative grants
because of their value in places like Western Wisconsin. These three programs
serve as an investment that not only creates jobs and expands business
operations, but also returns wages and revenue to our local and state economy.

For example, The Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin Program has a track record of proven
success. According to its 2009-2010 impact report, the program received $447,700
in state funding arid brought in $2.7 million in new local food sales during
2008-2010. The program also brought in over $600,000 in new investments with 38
new jobs created and 35 jobs retained. Additionally, these factors benefitted
over 1,200 Wisconsin producers and over 500 markets across the state. Clearly,
this is an effective arjd successful program that requires only a small
investment to make a positive economic impact.

We must keep programs in place that are successful arid will make us competitive
with our surrounding neighbors again. The budget is an important two year
roadmap for the direction of Wisconsin and it's important to know the details
and how our community will be affected. I'll provide more updates to this as
well as other issues that are important in the coming weeks as we work to move
our state forward.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Blair Press Taylor


                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Council seeks ways to rein in spending; The city budget saw negative numbers for
the first time Friday as the Edmonton Economic Development Corp. asked for a cut
to their base operating grant, writes Elise Stolte

SECTION: CITY; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 769 words


restraint. First, Coun. Michael Oshry moved to implement a maximum tax increase
of 3.5 per cent, only to withdraw it when judged out of order. Then Mayor Don
Iveson moved to cap increases to police to the rate of population growth and
inflation. Coun. Ben Henderson moved to limit the Combative Sport Commission to
just one more year of funding before they either land a major event or get
provincial funding.

Here's what they heard from four agencies on the first day of budget:

EDMONTON ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CORP. Executive director Brad Ferguson voluntarily
pulled several requests offthe table and reversed the five-per-cent base
increase to a two-per-cent cut.

"It's the right thing to do," he said, suggesting the early budget submission in
June would now be irresponsible. The two-per-cent cut is equivalent to $350,000.

The corporation continues to aim at achieving $175 million in economic impact.
But since June, stafffound ways to refocus and collaborate with other local
initiatives. The cuts will not lead to any layoffs, nor will Edmonton lose
momentum on efforts to promote it as a tourist destination, Ferguson said.

In the past, the corporation focused on attracting new business, he said. "We
need to shift our efforts to a retention strategy during a downturn, which costs
much less. ... Going into 2016, it could be one of the hardest years in
Edmonton's history."

EDMONTON POLICE SERVICE Iveson's plan to cap budget increases for police to
population plus inflation means police will only get $3 million of the extra $15
million requested for 2016. But that came with a promise to join the chief as he
goes cap in hand to the province for more.

"If those resources are really necessary because courts are backlogged, because
hospitals are backlogged and because people are on the street, all of that's
provincial jurisdiction," said Iveson. "The province is going to have to pay,
either in the short term with a policing top-up or make commitments to long-term
prevention strategies."

Iveson's formula still needs to be debated after each department presents over
the next week, but no other councillor proposed additional funds.

Edmonton police have seen their calls for service increase by 8.6 per cent this
year, stretching resources to the point where only 10 per cent of police time is
spent on crime prevention. The proposed budget will still fund

27 new positions to man the northwest division station when it opens. But only a
fraction of the 23 new front-line officers, seven investigators and more
behindthe-scenes support requested can be covered.

Iveson's plan will give stable, predictable increases, but will also mean tough
choices, said police Chief Rod Knecht. "We might cut back a couple of school
resource officers, a couple of traffic positions. We'll go through the entire
resource base and see where we can cut back."

EDMONTON PUBLIC LIBRARY The Edmonton Public Library is launching its $200,000
City of Learners initiative next year to promote continuous learning throughout
the city. But that's being funded by savings elsewhere, so chief executive Pilar
Martinez did not ask for any increase above its base operating grant.

In 2017, it's seeking $275,000 for an additional literacy van and $450,000 for a
new south-end mini library. In 2018, it needs funding to replace donations
supporting Welcome Baby. That's a program that gets a book and CD of rhymes into
babies' hands at their two-month immunization. All of those initiatives will be
debated later.

EDMONTON ARTS COUNCIL Low wages and nominal benefits at the Edmonton Arts
Council are chasing staffout of the organization, said executive director Paul
Moulton. He asked the city to boost the arts council's base budget for the first
time in three years. The arts council's goal is to pay staffat 70 per cent of
the rates municipal employees receive, Moulton said. His $397,000 request still
wouldn't make that goal. "We are beginning to see loss of staffto other sectors.
There's a huge loss of corporate memory."

Coun. Scott McKeen moved to consider funding that request for 2016. Henderson
moved to consider a $400,000 increase to boost grants for arts organizations and
festivals, $150,000 to do a full assessment and preservation plan for the city's
$15-million public art collection and $250,000 for the Art Gallery of Alberta to
implement their sustainability strategy. That plan would involve making many
regular exhibits free to the public. estolte@edmontonjournal.com
twitter.com/estolte Follow the budget debates at edmontonjournal.
com/tag/city-budget. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Kucerak, Postmedia News; Edmonton Police Service officers patrol
outside City Hall last week. Mayor Don Iveson moved Friday to cap increases to
police to the rate of population growth and inflation.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 25, 2016 Friday

Community Development Revolving Loan Fund

LENGTH: 3297  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Rule document was issued by the National Credit Union
Administration (NCUA)



  Action



 Final rule.

 Summary



 The NCUA Board (Board) is finalizing a rule to make several technical
amendments to NCUA's rule governing the Community Development Revolving Loan
Fund (CDRLF). The amendments will make the rule more succinct and improve its
transparency, organization, and ease of use by credit unions.



 Dates



 This rule is effective December 27, 2016.

 For Further Information Contact



 Geetha Valiyil, Manager, Grants and Loans, Office of Small Credit Union
Initiatives, or Justin Anderson, Senior Staff Attorney, Office of General
Counsel, at 1775 Duke Street, Alexandria, VA 22314 or telephone (703) 518-6645
(Ms. Valiyil) or (703) 518-6540 (Mr. Anderson).

 Supplementary Information

 A. Background



 In June 2016, the Board issued a proposed rule to amend NCUA's CDRLF rule. (1)
The proposed amendments were largely technical in nature or clarified NCUA's
practices with respect to disbursing money from the CDRLF.

 B. Summary of Comments



 NCUA received three comments on the proposed rule, all of which were generally
supportive of the rule. One commenter, however, did request additional changes
and clarifications. These comments are addressed in the section-by-section
analysis below.

 C. Section-by-Section Analysis



 As the Board did not receive any comments on the amendments to §§&thinsp;705.1,
705.6, and 705.9, which relate to the authority and purpose of the part, terms
for grants, and reporting, the Board is finalizing these amendments as proposed.




 §&thinsp;705.2&emsp;Definitions. This section provides definitions used
throughout the rule. The proposed rule removed unnecessary and duplicative
definitions. One commenter requested that the Board reconsider the removal of
the definition of "Fund." The commenter stated that this term is specifically
relevant to the CDRLF rule and should remain. As noted in the preamble, this
term is already defined in §&thinsp;705.1. The Board continues to believe a
second definition of "Fund" is unnecessary and is, therefore, finalizing the
amendments to this section as proposed.



 §&thinsp;705.5.&emsp;Terms and Conditions. This section outlines the terms and
conditions for CDRLF loans. Currently, this section has an aggregate loan limit
of $300,000, which prevents NCUA from making loans that exceed this amount. As
noted in the proposal, the Board sought to remove this limit to allow NCUA to
grant loans in excess of $300,000 and to provide more flexibility for the agency
to meet changing loan demands. One commenter believed that the proposed removal
of the aggregate loan limit from the rule could lead to NCUA instituting lower
aggregate limits, which could harm credit unions. This commenter suggested
including language in the rule that explicitly instructs that there is no
aggregate limit for loans or technical assistance grants.



 As noted in the preamble to the proposed rule, the Board proposed eliminating
the aggregate loan limit to help credit unions. As the current aggregate loan
limit is an upper limit, NCUA is currently free to set a lower amount for CDRLF
loans but cannot offer a higher amount. The proposed removal of this limit will
allow NCUA to offer higher loan amounts. As the proposed removal of the limit
will help, rather than harm credit unions, the Board is adopting this change as
proposed. Further, as there is currently no aggregate limit for technical
assistance grants and the grant amounts vary each year, the Board does not
believe it is necessary to add the additional language suggested by this
commenter.



 This commenter also requested more substantive terms and conditions for
technical assistance grants. While the commenter did not specify what additional
terms and conditions the Board should add, the commenter did suggest that the
terms and conditions for grants are "scarce in comparison" to those for loans.
The Board notes that as grants are not required to be repaid, unlike loans made
under the CDRLF program, there is no need for more comprehensive terms and
conditions. Further, the Board's goal in proposing amendments to the CDRLF rule
was to make the rule more user friendly and simpler; adding additional terms and
conditions where they are not needed would frustrate that purpose. Finally, as
noted in the proposed rule, any additional terms and conditions for loans or
grants will be specified in the Notice of Funding Opportunity and not in the
regulatory text.



 Current §&thinsp;705.6.&emsp;Application and award processes. This section
specifies the procedures a credit union must follow to apply for a loan or grant
from the CDRLF. The Board sought to make this section clearer and more accurate
by proposing amendments that made this section easier to follow and more
reflective of NCUA's current practices. One commenter requested clarification on
whether a credit union is required to obtain approval from the applicable
regional director before submitting an application. NCUA has never required such
prior approval in the past, and the Board clarifies it is not doing so now.



 §&thinsp;705.10.&emsp;Appeals. The Board proposed to add this new section to
contain all applicable appeals language in one section, which would make the
rule more user friendly. One commenter requested clarification on the appeal
rights in proposed §&thinsp;705.10(a). Specifically, this commenter believes
that this section could be interpreted as only applying to loans and not to
grants. In relevant portion, proposed §&thinsp;705.10(a) reads as follows:
"Appeals of Non-Qualification. A Qualifying Credit Union whose application for a
loan or technical assistance grant has been denied, under §&thinsp;705.7(f) of
this part, for failure of a qualification may appeal that decision to the NCUA
Board in accordance with the following . . ."



 The Board believes this section clearly applies to both loans and technical
assistance grants. Conversely subsection (b) of this proposed section states
that it only applies to technical assistance grants. The Board is adopting the
amendments to this section as proposed.

 Regulatory Procedures

 Regulatory Flexibility Act



 The Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) requires NCUA to prepare an analysis to
describe any significant economic impact any proposed regulation may have on a
substantial number of small entities. NCUA considers credit unions having less
than $100 million in assets to be small for purposes of RFA. The revisions to
part 705 are designed to update and streamline the rule, thereby reducing the
burden for credit unions that are seeking financial awards, whether in the form
of a technical assistance grant or a loan. NCUA has determined and certifies
that this rule, if adopted, will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small credit unions. Accordingly, the NCUA has determined
that an RFA analysis is not required.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 The Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (PRA) applies to rulemakings in which an
agency by rule creates a new paperwork burden or increases an existing burden.
For purposes of the PRA, a paperwork burden may take the form of a reporting or
recordkeeping requirement, both referred to as information collections. The
changes in this rule are technical in nature and will not create new paperwork
burdens or modify any existing paperwork burdens.

 Executive Order 13132



 Executive Order 13132 encourages independent regulatory agencies to consider
the impact of their actions on state and local interests. In adherence to
fundamental federalism principles, NCUA, an independent regulatory agency as
defined in 44 U.S.C. 3502(5), voluntarily complies with the executive order.
This rulemaking will not have a substantial direct effect on the states, on the
connection between the national government and the states, or on the
distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. NCUA has determined that this rule does not constitute a policy that
has federalism implications for purposes of the executive order.

 The Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act, 1999--Assessment of
Federal Regulations and Policies on Families



 The NCUA has determined that this rule will not affect family well-being within
the meaning of section 654 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations
Act, 1999, Public Law 105-277, 112 Stat. 2681 (1998).

 List of Subjects in 12 CFR Part 705



 Community programs, Credit unions, Grants, Loans, Low income, Revolving fund.



 By the National Credit Union Administration Board on November 17, 2016.

 Gerard Poliquin,

 Secretary of the Board.



 For the reasons stated above, NCUA amends 12 CFR part 705 as follows:

 Part 705 Community Development Revolving Loan Fund for Credit Unions

 Regulatory Text



 1. The authority citation for part 705 continues to read as follows:

 Authority:



 12 U.S.C. 1756, 1757(5)(D), and (7)(I), 1766, 1782, 1784, 1785 and 1786.



 2. Amend §&thinsp;705.1 by revising paragraphs (c) through (e) to read as
follows:

 §&thinsp;705.1 Authority, purpose, and scope.



 * * * * *



 (c) NCUA's policy is to revolve the loan funds to credit unions as often as
practical in order to achieve maximum economic impact on as many credit unions
as possible.



 (d) The financial awards provided to credit unions through the Fund will better
enable them to support the communities in which they operate; provide basic
financial services to low-income residents of these communities, and result in
more opportunities for the residents of those communities to improve their
financial circumstances.



 (e) The Fund is intended to support the efforts of credit unions through loans
and technical assistance grants needed for:



 (1) Providing basic financial and related services to residents in their
communities;



 (2) Enhancing their capacity to better serve their members and the communities
in which they operate; and



 (3) Responding to emergencies.



 3. Revise §&thinsp;705.2 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;705.2 Definitions.



 For purposes of this part, the following terms shall have the meanings assigned
to them in this section.



 Application means a form supplied by the NCUA by which a Qualifying Credit
Union may apply for a loan or a technical assistance grant from the Fund.



 Loan is an award in the form of an extension of credit from the Fund to a
Participating Credit Union that must be repaid, with interest.



 Low-income Members are those members defined in §&thinsp;701.34 of this
chapter.



 Notice of Funding Opportunity means the Notice NCUA publishes describing one or
more loan or technical assistance grant programs or initiatives currently being
supported by the Fund and inviting Qualifying Credit Unions to submit
applications to participate in the program(s) or initiatives(s).



 Participating Credit Union refers to a Qualifying Credit Union that has
submitted an application for a loan or a technical assistance grant from the
Fund which has been approved by NCUA. A Participating Credit Union shall not be
deemed to be an agency, department, or instrumentality of the United States
because of its receipt of a financial award from the Fund.



 Program means the Community Development Revolving Loan Fund Program under which
NCUA makes loans and technical assistance grants available to credit unions.



 Qualifying Credit Union means a credit union that may be, or has agreed to be,
examined by NCUA, with a current low-income designation pursuant to
§&thinsp;701.34(a)(1) or §&thinsp;741.204 of this chapter or, in the case of a
non-federally insured, state-chartered credit union, a low-income designation
from a state regulator, made under appropriate state standards with the
concurrence of NCUA. Services to low-income members must include, at a minimum,
offering share accounts and loans.



 Technical Assistance Grant means an award of money from the Fund to a
Participating Credit Union that does not have to be repaid.



 4. Amend §&thinsp;705.5 as follows:



 a. Revise the section heading.



 b. Revise paragraph (b).



 c. Amend paragraph (h) by adding the words "security agreements (if any),"
between the words "repayment obligations," and "and covenants,".



 The revisions read as follows:

 §&thinsp;705.5 Terms and conditions for loans.



 * * * * *



 (b) Funding Limits. NCUA will publish any applicable loan funding limits in the
applicable Notice of Funding Opportunity.



 * * * * *

 §&thinsp;705.8

 [Removed]

 Regulatory Text



 5. Remove §&thinsp;705.8.

 §§&thinsp;705.6 and 705.7 [Redesignated as §§&thinsp;705.7 and 705.8]



 6. Redesignate §§&thinsp;705.6 and 705.7 as §§&thinsp;705.7 and 705.8,
respectively;



 7. Add new §&thinsp;705.6 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;705.6 Terms and conditions for technical assistance grants.



 (a) Participating Credit Unions must comply with the terms and conditions for
technical assistance grants specified for each funding opportunity offered under
a Notice of Funding Opportunity.



 (b) NCUA will establish applicable funding limits for technical assistance
grants in the Notice of Funding Opportunity.



 8. Amend redesignated §&thinsp;705.7 as follows:



 a. Revise paragraph (a).



 b. Revise paragraph (c)(4).



 c. Revise paragraphs (f) and (g).



 The revisions read as follows:

 §&thinsp;705.7 Application and award processes.



 (a) Notice of Funding Opportunity. NCUA will publish a Notice of Funding
Opportunity in the Federal Register and on its Web site. The Notice of Funding
Opportunity will describe the loan and technical assistance grant programs for
the period in which funds are available. It also will announce special
initiatives, the amount of funds available, funding priorities, permissible uses
of funds, funding limits, deadlines, and other pertinent details. The Notice of
Funding Opportunity will also advise potential applicants on how to obtain an
Application and related materials. NCUA may supplement the information contained
in the Notice of Funding Opportunity through such other media as it determines
appropriate, including Letters to Credit Unions, press releases, direct notices
to Qualifying Credit Unions, and announcements on its Web site.



 * * * * *



 (c) * * *



 (4) Examination Information and Applicable Concurrence. In evaluating a
Qualifying Credit Union, NCUA will consider all information provided by NCUA
staff or state supervisory authority staff that performed the Qualifying Credit
Union's most recent examination. In addition:



 (i) NCUA will only provide a loan to a qualifying federal credit union with the
concurrence of that credit union's supervising Regional Director; and



 (ii) NCUA will only provide a loan to a qualifying state-charted credit union
with the written concurrence of the applicable Regional Director and the credit
union's state supervisory authority. A qualifying state-chartered credit union
should notify its state supervisory authority that it is applying for a loan
from the Fund before submitting its application to NCUA. However, a qualifying
state-chartered credit union is not required to obtain concurrence before
applying for a loan. NCUA will obtain the concurrence directly from the state
supervisory authority rather than through the qualifying state-chartered credit
union. Additionally, before NCUA will provide a loan to a qualifying
state-charted credit union the credit union must make copies of its state
examination reports available to NCUA and agree to examination by NCUA.



 * * * * *



 (f) Notice of Award. NCUA will determine whether an application meets NCUA's
standards established by this part and the related Notice of Funding
Opportunity. NCUA will provide written notice to a Qualifying Credit Union as to
whether or not it has qualified for a loan or technical assistance grant under
this part. A Qualifying Credit Union whose application has been denied for
failure of a qualification may appeal that decision in accordance with
§&thinsp;705.10 of this part.



 (g) Disbursement--(1) Loans. Before NCUA will disburse a loan, the
Participating Credit Union must sign the loan agreement, promissory note, and
any other loan related documents. NCUA may, in its discretion, choose not to
disburse the entire amount of the loan at once.



 (2) Technical Assistance Grants. NCUA will disburse technical assistance grants
in such amounts, and in accordance with such terms and conditions, as NCUA may
establish. In general, technical assistance grants are provided on a
reimbursement basis, to cover expenditures approved in advance by NCUA and
supported by receipts evidencing payment by the Participating Credit Union.



 9. Revise §&thinsp;705.9(b) to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;705.9 Reporting and monitoring.



 * * * * *



 (b) Reporting--(1) Reporting to NCUA. A Participating Credit Union must
complete and submit to NCUA all required reports, at such times and in such
formats as NCUA will direct. Such reports must describe how the Participating
Credit Union has used the loan or technical assistance grant proceeds and the
results it has obtained, in relation to the programs, policies, or initiatives
identified by the Participating Credit Union in its application. NCUA may
request additional information as it determines appropriate.



 (2) Reporting to Members--(i) Loans. A Participating Credit Union that receives
a loan under this part must report on the progress of providing needed community
services to the Participating Credit Union's members once a year, either at the
annual meeting or in a written report sent to all members. The Participating
Credit Union must also submit to NCUA the written report or a summary of the
report provided to members.



 (ii) Technical Assistance Grants. A Participating Credit Union that receives a
technical assistance grant under this part should report on the progress of
providing needed community services to the Participating Credit Union's members
once a year, either at the annual meeting or in a written report sent to all
members.



 * * * * *



 10. Revise §&thinsp;705.10 to read as follows:

 §&thinsp;705.10 Appeals.



 (a) Appeals of non-qualification. A Qualifying Credit Union whose application
for a loan or technical assistance grant has been denied, under
§&thinsp;705.7(f), for failure of a qualification may appeal that decision to
the NCUA Board in accordance with the following:



 (1) Within thirty days of its receipt of a notice of non-qualification, a
credit union may appeal the decision to the NCUA Board. The scope of the NCUA
Board's review is limited to the threshold question of qualification and not the
issue of whether, among qualified applicants, a particular loan or technical
assistance grant is funded.



 (2) The foregoing procedure shall apply only with respect to Applications
received by NCUA during an open period in which funds are available and NCUA has
called for Applications. Any Application submitted by an applicant during a
period in which NCUA has not called for Applications will be rejected, except
for those Applications submitted under §&thinsp;705.8. Any such rejection shall
not be subject to appeal or review by the NCUA Board.



 (b) Appeals of technical assistance grant reimbursement denials. Pursuant to
NCUA Interpretative Ruling and Policy Statement 11-1, any Participating Credit
Union may appeal a denial of a technical assistance grant reimbursement to
NCUA's Supervisory Review Committee. All appeals of technical assistance grant
reimbursements must be submitted to the Supervisory Review Committee within 30
days from the date of the denial. The decisions of the Supervisory Review
Committee are final and may not be appealed to the NCUA Board.

 [FR Doc. 2016-28229 Filed 11-23-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 7535-01-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2007 Friday

Groundbreaking set for Vanceboro fire, rescue building

BYLINE: Sue Book, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 484 words


Aug. 3--VANCEBORO -- Work toward a new building for Vanceboro Rural VFD and
Rescue Squad has been going on for two years here. After Tuesday, folks can see
that with their own eyes.

A ceremony is set for 4 p.m. Tuesday to dig the first shovel into a 2.3-acre lot
at 325 N.C. 43. That is where a new, six-bay building is expected to be ready
for the first siren to sound by this time next year.

Much of the money for the almost $2 million building comes in a $1.05 million
U.S. Department of Agriculture loan to be repaid over 15 years with fire
district tax receipts. The USDA is also providing a $150,000 economic impact
initiative grant.

"But really, we wouldn't be doing this project if it hadn't been for the
Vanceboro Medical Center," said Chief Keith Morris.

The medical center provided a $600,000 seed grant.

The community has also contributed toward the new building for both fire and
rescue units with annual Fireman's Day events. Those proceeds help keep the
all-volunteer department's bank balance large enough to pay $111,700 for the
USDA application contribution and for engineering and design work.

The department has outgrown its main station building. Doors are too small for
anything but special-order trucks and its classic 1959 pumper truck.

The growing community now also has full-time rescue workers and needs updated
sleeping and living quarters, Morris said.

The new building will have common fire-rescue meeting and training room in the
center and three bays for each unit on either side. There will also be offices
and storage areas for each and a kitchen to be used by both.

The cost is almost twice original estimates, which were based on similar
facilities built in the past few years in and around Craven County including the
Rhems-Tuscarora VFD's building on U.S. 17.

"Then we started dealing with the USDA and their engineer looked at the plans
and told us we had underestimated," Morris said. When construction bids came in,
his estimate was close to the low bid by Jarman Construction of Kinston, which
is also building a new substation for Harlowe Volunteer Fire Department.

Tuesday's groundbreaking ceremony is open to the public. Morris is master of
ceremonies. Rescue Squad President Warren Richardson will give the welcome.

Vanceboro Mayor Jimmy Morris, U.S. Rep. Walter B. Jones, USDA State Director
John Cooper, Vanceboro Medical Center representative Richard Bowers, and staff
members of U.S. Senators Elizabeth Dole and Richard Burr are on the program.

To see more of the Sun Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newbernsunjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Sun Journal, New Bern,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20070803-NS-HLT-Groundbreaking-set-for-Vanceboro-fire-rescue-building-0803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2007 Sun Journal


                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

World Bank hails G20 leaders' commitment to combat Ebola

LENGTH: 328  words


NEW YORK (C[#x130]HAN)- World Bank President Jim Yong Kim on Saturday welcomed
the call to action on Ebola by leaders of the Group of 20 of the world's largest
developed countries and emerging economies. "This is an important commitment to
combat Ebola and address the terrible human and economic impact of the outbreak
in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone," the president said on the sidelines of the
G20 leaders summit held here.


G20 leaders issued a statement Saturday pledging to fight the Ebola pandemic,
which has evolved from a health issue to an economic one. "G20 members are
committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international effort can
extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and humanitarian
costs," the statement said.
The statement came as the latest Ebola epidemic has killed more than 5,000
people mainly in the Western African region, and has since spread to the United
States and Europe.
"The G20 leaders' statement is a clear signal to the global community that we
must now unite, and in partnership muster all available resources to fight Ebola
at its source to save lives and prevent its spread," the World Bank president
said in a statement.
"We also welcome the G20 leaders' call for the World Bank Group to explore new
flexible mechanisms to deal with the economic impact of future comparable
crises," read the statement, adding the bank is exploring a global pandemic
facility that could use insurance and other market mechanisms to make resources
immediately available and more broadly share costs and risks.
In their statement, the world leaders urged the World Bank and International
Monetary Fund to continue their strong support for the affected countries, and
welcomed the IMF's initiative to make available a further 300 million U.S.
dollars to stem the Ebola outbreak and ease pressures on Guinea, Liberia and
Sierra Leone, through a combination of concessional loans, debt relief, and
grants. (Cihan/Xinhua)
C[#x130]HAN

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2014 Cihan News Agency
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Immigration must be central plank in economic strategy

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 889 words


It may come as a surprise to many New Brunswick does indeed have a formalized
written immigration strategy, covering the period 2014-17.

N.B.'s immigration policy is contained within the province's population growth
strategy. Among several population expansion objectives the strategy
specifically identifies the need for increased immigration both from a business
and worker perspective. Given the existing and projected demographic/economic
reality of New Brunswick, it is amazing to me that N.B.'s immigration policy
continues to operate in the shadows, removed from the consciousness of the vast
majority of New Brunswickers.

The policy cannot be considered in isolation of the Government of Canada. In
Canada's federal system, the Constitution Act serves to outline the division of
powers between the federal government and provinces/territories. While the vast
majority of constitutional powers are assigned on an exclusive basis,
immigration is considered a concurrent jurisdiction. That is to say that
administration of this constitutional power is a shared responsibility, with
federal laws being paramount to conflicting provincial laws.

Over the last couple of years we have witnessed major legislative/policy changes
as the federal government strives to balance diverse objectives in an ever
changing environment. These considerations include the economy, labour force
composition, national security interests, public safety, public health and our
collective international/humanitarian obligations. In so doing the federal
government reserves exclusive authority with respect to the entry of foreign
nationals and the grant of residency, be it temporary, permanent or citizenship.

This brings us to back to New Brunswick. Over the last decade for a variety of
reasons, largely demographic and economic, the provinces have negotiated
immigration programs commonly referred to as Provincial Nomination Programs
(PNPs). I note that the Province of Quebec has been actively developing
immigration initiatives since the 1970s. PNPs are residency based, economic in
design and tailored to the economic needs as defined by the respective Provinces
subject to concurrence by Citizenship and Immigration Canada.

It is extremely unfortunate that the NB Business Immigration program has been
suspended since the fall of 2013 in order to clear the existing inventory of
applications. Nonetheless, this suspension is resulting in qualified business
immigrants seeking options in other provinces or countries. The fact of the
matter is that Business Immigration Attraction is a very competitive business
and quite frankly I am not so sure we in New Brunswick recognize fully this
reality.

While all New Brunswickers expect government to ensure entry based on an
assessment of the above noted considerations, our assessment criteria must place
a greater weight on the overall economic impact of an applicant. This, as
opposed to simply an absolute adherence to a long list of guidelines that may
serve to obscure significant economic impact.

I am encouraged that the province is moving in the direction of a provisional
business visa enabling business immigrants the opportunity to utilize their
business skills to start their business as part of the permanent residency
process. This approach may remove the current situation where government
staffers are essentially picking "winners "and "losers" based on their
assessment of what amounts to a summary business plan. Designed properly this
approach has the potential to reduce an increasingly uncompetitive processing
time and result in business startups in line with the immigrant's skills,
expertise and market instead of the all too common practice of tailoring the
business investment to the perception/reality of a program officer.

While New Brunswick's Provincial Nominee Program worker program is exclusively
designed for permanent residency we have seen much controversy with respect to
the Temporary Foreign Worker Program, a federal responsibility. This controversy
has in some ways cast negative perceptions on temporary foreign workers and
placed extremely restrictive guidelines on our small- and medium-sized
enterprise community in their efforts to survive and grow. On closer examination
the reality is in N.B. as at the end 2013 there were approximately 1300
temporary foreign workers against a total labour force of 390,000 or 0.33 per
cent.

The province's own occupational projections indicate that over the next five
years there will be up to 60,000 job openings. Given the magnitude to these
numbers we will need every bit of population growth we can muster; natural,
immigration and repatriation.

All that to say this. In order to fully realize the benefits of immigration the
province must move the immigration strategy from the shadows to the light such
that it becomes a central plank in our economic development strategy. In order
to accomplish this government must assume a lead to role in educating our
population in this regard.

Could there be political consequences in this approach? Yes, but so too is the
case with all government decisions. Is this the right approach at the right
time? Absolutely

Larry DeLong is a partner in Invest Atlantic Alliance, an International company
with offices in New Brunswick and China. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 The Daily Gleaner
(Fredericton)

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             June 28, 2008 Saturday
                                Toronto Edition

Georgian Bay: Four Seasons Of Heaven; Visitors' Paradise

BYLINE: Special to the National Post

SECTION: LIFE IN SOUTH GEORGIAN BAY; Pg. JV1

LENGTH: 513  words


The push is on to turn Georgian Bay from a popular regional vacation destination
to a tourist icon that could rival the Everglades of Florida, the Tuscany region
of Italy, Ireland's Dingle and the world famous wildlife reserve Serengeti
National Park in Tanzania.

Often referred to as the sixth Great Lake, destination marketing organizations
and businesses from around the region have been meeting for the past two and a
half years years in an attempt to take it to the next level.

All the hard work is finally paying off. Two years ago, the Ontario Ministry of
Tourism, Investment and Development provided a grant of $45,000 to launch Phase
1 of an initiative called the Georgian Bay Coastal Route.

Following the project's completion a more formal organization was formed-- the
Georgian Bay Destination Development Partnership (GBDDP),made up of local
tourist associations and industry committee representatives that include Ian
Dean, manager of operations with the Owen Sound Transportation Company, Don
Braden, president of the Blue Mountain Village Association and Rob Thorburn,
owner of Scenic Caves nature Adventures.

"When you look at the experience that Georgian Bay can offer, there are many,
many fabulous products," says Mr. Thorburn, who, along with his co-members, has
worked to bring the communities together to promote the region to tourists.

"There are some fabulous vistas throughout the region."

To attract more tourists, the GBDDP created six touring routes and three
products packages, all of which were unveiled in March, 2007.

The latter is made up of an Outdoor Adventure initiative and a Top 10 Things To
See&Do touring itinerary, while the routes themselves include a motorcycle tour
(complete with a list of motorcycle-friendly accommodations), RV tour, beach
tour, lighthouse and marine heritage tour, a scenic vista tour, an Experience
Nature and a Cruising tour of Georgian Bay by boat, both power and sail-powered.

Last August, the Ontario government announced it was investing $60,000 to assist
GBCDDP development.

Important next steps in Phase II of the project are currently being worked on.
Orientation kits being developed, and evaluation and tracking strategies are
being planned to gauge overall economic impact of tourism to the region.

Scott Metcalfe, 39, a Toronto commercial real estate executive who has been a
seasonal resident of the area since he was a child, believes it is just a matter
of time before GBDDP achieve their goal.

"I have been to the Everglades, Tuscany and Serengeti and while they all were
quite interesting, if I had two weeks' vacation, there is no place I would
rather be than Georgian Bay," says Mr. Metcalfe, who, with his wife and two
children, spends about 20 weeks a year in the region during ski season alone.

"Niagara Falls is a tourist icon, but the Escarpment is equally as gorgeous and
amazing, whether you are rock climbing, which I have done, or taking a hike
through the forest on the Georgian Trail."

VISITOR INFORMATION

www.wasagabeach.com

www.villageatblue.com

www.collingwoodthebluemountains.com

www.creemore.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo:; Life on south Georgian Bay is a four-season paradise, from ... ;
Color Photo:; ...the beauty of Blue Mountain to ... ;
Color Photo:; ...the world's longest freshwater beach. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 18, 2010 Saturday

SMEDA proposes measures for flood affected SMEs

LENGTH: 530  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Sept. 18 -- Small and Medium Enterprises

Development Authority (SMEDA) has started planning

rehabilitative measures for flood affected SMEs.

Shahid Rashid, Chief Executive Officer SMEDA, in a

meeting held at SMEDA head office here on Friday, deliberated

upon rehabilitative steps required to counter post-flood

recovery challenges facing the nation amid the worst natural

disaster in recent times.

The CEO said early statistics showed the impact of the

calamity very grave, having far reaching consequences for

habitat, livelihood and human life in affected areas.

He said the economic impact of floods had yet

to be fully quantified though it was evident that the agriculture

sector had been hit the hardest.

As regards SMEs, SMEDA estimates that around 310,000

small businesses were affected by the tragedy, the majority of

which were subsistence enterprises with less than 10 employees

and an annual turnover below Rs 500,000.

Many of these ventures have been established with less

than Rs 1500,000 investment relying on loans from relatives

and life savings of entrepreneurs.

Significantly hampered already, these enterprises have to

contend with new obstacles as floodwater has eroded an

already weak infrastructure and in some cases has swept away

people's livelihood and future dreams.

Most flood affectees will become part of the 2.93 million

that were already unemployed, choking the stream of income

being earned by these displaced Pakistanis while further

placing a burden on already scant resources.

With reduced income there are reduced savings; adversely

impacting GDP, which is already affected by the reduction

of government revenue and increase in expenditure being

experienced as a result of this tragedy.

As donor organizations mobilize on a massive scale to meet

immediate humanitarian needs of flood affectees, other

public sector and social development organizations have

commenced the process of formulating socio-economic

initiatives to create employment opportunities and spur

development in flood stricken areas.

Expressing SMEDA's role in contributing towards post-flood

development in the affected Districts, Shahid Rashid

highlighted some of the key proposals that SMEDA would be

promoting in upcoming months.

Among these measures, a Credit Markup Sharing Fund for

Flood Affected SMEs is noteworthy to provide subsidized

financing opportunities to affected SMEs.

A dedicated Helpline for SMEs has also been proposed,

endeavouring to provide a "One Stop Shop" and facilitate

affected SMEs in their business needs.

Other initiatives being proposed include providing grants

and soft loans to SMEs for recuperating their businesses and

restoring their livelihood.

Furthermore short term skills training, upgrading of

existing skill base and diversification of occupations has

also been planned to prepare flood affectees for trades

that will be in high demand during the recovery phase such as

supply of construction material, agricultural implements and

inputs, logistics, masonry, carpentry, welding, etc Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Cayman Net News, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 20, 2009 Friday

Investors to get 25-yr permits

BYLINE: Kevin Shereves, Cayman Net News, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 646 words


Nov. 20--Premier Hon. McKeeva Bush said his government is proposing the
reintroduction of a twenty-five year Direct Investment Certificate for private
individuals seeking to invest in the local economy.

Speaking in the Legislative Assembly on Wednesday, Mr Bush outlined this
proposal as part of a list of initiatives the government has proposed to boost
the financial services sector, by attracting high net worth individuals to
reside in the Islands.

The Premier was delivering the 2010/2011 Strategic Policy Statement (SPS), the
first for the United Democratic Party (UDP) government, which outlines the
government's strategic outcome for the next three years and establishes broad
parameters for the 2010/2011 budget.

Noting that the Cayman Islands is currently facing serious economic challenges,
he said this was also related to the fact that the North American and European
economies have been severely impacted.

"We must do everything possible to mitigate the negative impacts of this current
crisis," the Premier said, stating that the government needed to rebuild for a
stronger, more diverse economy to better deal with any future crisis.

Previously called the Entrepreneur and Investor certificate, the Direct
Investment Certificate would grant private individual investors the right to
live here and work in that business for a renewable period of twenty-five years.
It was first introduced into immigration legislation by the government in
November 2003.

"The right of residency would also apply to persons already living here, who can
show that they have made similar levels of investment," Mr Bush said.

The twenty-five year certificate was recommended by the previous Immigration
Review Team. "For reasons largely unexplained, the last government removed these
provisions, and discontinued the initiative," Mr Bush said.

Stressing the importance of the financial services sector to Cayman's economy,
Mr Bush made reference to a recent economic impact study commissioned by a
consortium of associations of the private sector that reported that the industry
generated CI$1.2 billion or 55 percent of the country's gross domestic product
(GDP).

In 2007, the study showed, the financial services sector generated CI$204
million or 40 percent of all government revenues. It was also reported that the
sector provided employment for some 5,700 persons, of which 60 percent are
Caymanian.

Mr Bush has been leading a campaign to persuade the financial services sector
companies to create incentives for new businesses to establish a presence in the
Cayman Islands.

Other new measures proposed as part of the campaign include accelerated work
permit processing times, with a greater degree of certainty, 3-5 year work
permits for financial services entities relocating their operations here, and
key employee status for senior staff.

"It is hoped that these new measures will address the concerns of the financial
services sector, and reassure those that we are seeking to attract," the Premier
noted.

"We are here for the good of the whole Cayman Islands and we know that to
achieve such a balance requires us to be delicate at times, and tough when
necessary," he added.

The Premier indicated that the SPS continues what was started in the 2009/10
budget, noting that it continues the drive for clear strategies, "to strengthen
and diversify our income base, to strengthen and enhance our competitive edge in
financial services and tourism."

To see more of the Cayman Net News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.caymannetnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cayman Net News, Grand
Cayman, Cayman Islands Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091120-1CY-Investors-to-get-25-yr-permits-1120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CY


                                 Copyright 2009


                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

Pakistan: Telenor Announces Bill & Malinda Gates Grant for Easypaisa

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Feb. 16 -- Telenor Pakistan yesterday officially announced that
Easypaisa has got a $ 6.5 million grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
to increase adoption of its mobile financial services.

To announce the grant, a press conference was held at Telenor Pakistan's head
office.

In his opening remarks, Roar Bjaerum, Vice President of Financial Services at
Telenor Pakistan, said that accessible mobile financial services can help
catalyze Pakistan's socio-economic efforts.

"Financial exclusion of the lower income population is a systemic challenge in
Pakistan. With more than 85% of population not having access to formal savings
or credit products, many households are vulnerable to fluctuations in daily
income and unable to absorb economic shocks from unexpected events.

Easypaisa's vision is to serve as a vehicle for financial inclusion for such
households. The grant will help us accelerate adoption of Easypaisa services
among poor and unbanked individuals," he said.

Rodger Voorhies, Director of the Gates Foundation's Financial Services for the
Poor initiative, in a message said that the aim of the project was to expand the
range of services poor Pakistanis can access through Easypaisa:

"While Easypaisa has seen rapid adoption of its payment and remittance services,
adoption of mobile financial services, like savings and insurance, has been
slower," Voorhies said. "This grant aims to accelerate adoption of Easypaisa's
Mobile Account among poor and unbanked households to create a foundation for the
delivery of savings, insurance, and other mobile financial services."

Telenor Pakistan's Roar Bjaerum also spoke about Easypaisa services and the
socio-economic impact and future of mobile financial services in Pakistan
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 4, 2011 Sunday

agriculture briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 618 words


Organic field day slated in Wisconsin PATCH GROVE, Wis. - Organic Valley and
Midwest Organic & Sustainable Education Service are co-sponsoring an organic
field day beginning at 10 a.m. Thursday, Sept. 8, at the Jim and Sabrina
Langmeier dairy farm, 12648 Military Ridge Road. Lunch will be provided.

Discussion topics include: * Producing high-quality forage: harvest timing,
storage and soil amendments. * Maintaining body condition and milk production on
a 100 percent forage diet. * Raising quality Holstein replacements on whole milk
and quality grass. * Round bale feeding program. The Langmeiers feature a
130-cow herd and feed no grain to the animals. Directions from Fennimore (16
miles): Take U.S. 18 west, turn right (north) onto Military Ridge Road. The farm
will be on the right. Directions from Prairie du Chien (12 miles): Take
Wisconsin 35/U.S. 18 east and continue on U.S. 18/Wisconsin 133. Turn left
(north) onto Military Ridge Road. The farm will be on the right. Appreciation
banquet set in Grant County LANCASTER, Wis. - The 2011 Junior Livestock
Appreciation Banquet is 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Sept. 14, in the Youth and Ag
Building on the Grant County fairgrounds. The banquet honors Grant County youth
who sold their projects at the recently concluded Grant County Fair and the
buyers of their projects. Banquet tickets are $7 each and are available from
exhibitors, First National Bank of Platteville, M&I Bank, American Bank, Mound
City Bank, Peoples State Bank, Bloomington, Royal Bank, Cassville, and Weber
Bros. Jewelers in Lancaster. Volunteers are needed. Individuals willing to
volunteer should contact the Lancaster Chamber of Commerce office, 608-723-2820.
Organizers say attendance at the event is a great way to show support of the
local livestock industry and the neighboring farming community. Pork quality
program offered in Fayette FAYETTE, Iowa - The Iowa Pork Industry Center and
Iowa State University Extension are combining to provide training for pork
producers and others who need certification in Pork Quality Assurance Plus. The
program will be from 3 to 5 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 15, at the Fayette County
Extension office, 201 E. Clark St., in Fayette. Pre-registration is required and
a minimum of five participants will be needed to hold the meeting. Certification
will cost $25 per person. To preregister, contact the Fayette County Extension
office at 563-425-3331. Questions can be directed to Mark Storlie at
563-425-3331 or mstorlie@iastate.edu Storlie said pork producers are encouraged
to check when their current certification will expire, and plan ahead.
Comptroller praises Jo Daviess County SPRINGFIELD, Ill. - Illinois State
Comptroller Judy Baar Topinka recently saluted Jo Daviess County and the Farm
Bureau on the Discover the Flavors of Jo Daviess County agri-tourism initiative.
As part of the Office of the Comptroller's "Agri-Tourism Day" at the recent
Illinois State Fair in Springfield, Topinka presented agriculture leaders from
throughout the state with proclamations celebrating their achievements and
continuing dedication. Topinka specifically congratulated Dorian Dickinson and
Ronald Lawfer from Jo Daviess County. "It is incredible to have Jo Daviess
County and the Farm Bureau continue to support agriculture through this
initiative year after year - what a great tradition," Topinka said. "Programs
like the Discover the Flavors of Jo Daviess County go a long way in educating
the public and promoting tourism for our state, and I thank the many people who
work so hard to make it happen." Agriculture is the top industry in Illinois in
terms of economic impact, contributing more than $8.85 billion to the state's
economy annually.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Washington: Reed Champions National Comedy Center

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Tom Reed has issued the following news release:



 Tom Reed announced the National Comedy Center in Jamestown will receive a 1.7
million dollar federal grant to help fund new initiatives at the site. "We care
about creating jobs for the hardworking men and women of our region and
investing in this site will do just that," said Reed. "This is a great step in
the right direction which will allow the project to continue to move forward.
It's only right that we continue to work with local leaders and continue to
advocate for the resources that this site needs to be completed."



 The award will be used to fund new attractions and the related construction
during the expansion process at the National Comedy Center in Jamestown under
the Public Works Program at the U.S. Department of Commerce.





 "We are thrilled that the U.S Department of Commerce has awarded the National
Comedy Center a $1.7 million grant through its Economic Development
Administration program. Through this award, the Federal government has sent a
clear signal that it recognizes and endorses the National Comedy Center as a
world class attraction and the massive catalytic economic impact that it will
have on Jamestown and the entire region. We want to especially thank Congressman
Tom Reed and his entire staff for spearheading the NCC application on our
behalf. We also want to express our sincere appreciation to Tom Barnes of
Southern Tier West for all of his tireless efforts in helping us along the way,"
said Tom Benson, Chairman of the National Comedy Center.



 The National Comedy Center is a non-profit entity that plays host to the annual
Lucille Ball Comedy Festival, attracting comedic acts nationwide. Jamestown is
the birthplace of internationally recognized comedienne Lucille Ball of "I Love
Lucy" fame. August 6 marked Ball's 105th birthday.



 "The grant announcement is fitting for the community in the wake of Lucy's
birthday and the annual Lucille Ball Comedy Festival," said Reed. "We can
continue to commemorate her contributions to our world by helping to redevelop
the site and bringing the joy of laughter to everyone."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday

Local cities, towns receive $40K

BYLINE: By Brandon Butler

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 250 words


FITCHBURG -- The North Central Massachusetts Development Corporation gave
$40,000 in five grants to local cities and towns as part of their "seed grant"
program Thursday morning.

The program is paid for through a state appropriation for initiatives to
stimulate economic development. It is aimed at helping to pay for design and
feasibility work.

"Plant that seed and make it grow," said Robert Antonucci, president of
Fitchburg State College and a founding member of the development corporation.

He distributed the awards at the corporation's office.

n The town of Ashburnham received a $8,000 grant to create an Ashburnham village
center marketing plan, in an effort to attract commercial investment in the
town.

n The town of Ayer received an $8,000 grant as part of a $5 million project to
improve the town's MBTA train station at Depot Square.

n The city of Gardner was awarded $7,000 to help redevelop the S. Bent & Bros.
former factory complex. Officials there hope to convert the industrial space
into a food waste to energy plant.

n The town of Lancaster received $8,000 for the town's former 56-acre landfill's
re-use.

n The Village School in Royalston received $9,000 for site work in preparation
for new construction.

Sixteen organizations, mostly cities and towns in the region, applied for the
grants. Criteria for the recipients included the level of matching
private-sector investment, the level of quality-job creation, the degree of
regional economic impact and a clear timeline for results.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 19, 2010 Sunday

SMEDA starts to plan rehabilitative measures for flood affected SMEs

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, Sept. 19 -- The Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority
(SMEDA) has started to plan rehabilitative measures for flood affected SMEs. Mr.
Shahid Rashid, Chief Executive Officer SMEDA, in a meeting held at SMEDA head
office today, deliberated upon the rehabilitative steps required to counter
post-flood recovery challenges facing the nation amid the worst natural disaster
in modern times.

CEO, SMEDA observed with deep concern that Pakistan was in the midst of a
nightmarish monsoon season reflecting little signs of receding. Early statistics
estimate the impact of the calamity to be grave, having far reaching
consequences to habitat, livelihood and human life in the affected areas, he
said.

He further said, the economic impact of the floods has yet to be fully
quantified though it is evident that agriculture sector has been hit hardest. As
regards SMEs, SMEDA estimates that around 310,000 small businesses are affected
by this tragedy, the majority of which are subsistence enterprises with less
than 10 employees and an annual turnover below Rs.500,000. Many of these
ventures have been established with less than Rs. 1,500,000 investment relying
on loans from relatives and the accumulated life savings of these entrepreneurs.
Significantly hampered already, these enterprises have to contend with new
obstacles as flood water has eroded an already weak infrastructure and in some
cases has swept away people's livelihood and future dreams. Most flood affectees
will become part of the 2.93 million that were already unemployed, choking the
stream of income being earned by these displaced Pakistanis while further
placing a burden on already scant resources. With reduced income there are
reduced savings; adversely impacting the GDP, which is already affected by the
reduction of Government revenue and increase in expenditure being experienced as
a result of this tragedy.

As donor organizations mobilize on a massive scale to meet the immediate
humanitarian needs of flood affectees, other public sector and social
development organizations have commenced the process of formulating
socio-economic initiatives to best create employment opportunities and spur
development in flood stricken areas.

Expressing SMEDA's role in contributing towards post-flood development in the
affected Districts, Mr. Shahid Rashid highlighted some of the key proposals that
SMEDA would be promoting in upcoming months. Among these measures, a Credit
Markup Sharing Fund for Flood Affected SMEs is noteworthy, so as to provide
subsidized financing opportunities to affected SMEs. A dedicated Helpline for
SMEs has also been proposed, endeavoring to provide a "One Stop Shop" and
facilitate affected SMEs in their business needs. Other initiatives being
proposed include providing grants and soft loans to SMEs for recuperating their
businesses and restoring their livelihood. Furthermore short term skills
training, upgrading of existing skill base and diversification of occupations
has also been planned, to prepare flood affectees for those trades that will be
in high demand during the recovery phase such as supply of construction
material, agricultural implements & inputs, logistics, masonry, carpentry,
welding, etc Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

SMEDA starts to plan rehabilitative measures for flood affected SMEs

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 257

LENGTH: 536  words


The Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) has started to
plan rehabilitative measures for flood affected SMEs. Mr. Shahid Rashid, Chief
Executive Officer SMEDA, in a meeting held at SMEDA head office today,
deliberated upon the rehabilitative steps required to counter post-flood
recovery challenges facing the nation amid the worst natural disaster in modern
times.

CEO, SMEDA observed with deep concern that Pakistan was in the midst of a
nightmarish monsoon season reflecting little signs of receding. Early statistics
estimate the impact of the calamity to be grave, having far reaching
consequences to habitat, livelihood and human life in the affected areas, he
said.

He further said, the economic impact of the floods has yet to be fully
quantified though it is evident that agriculture sector has been hit hardest.
As regards SMEs, SMEDA estimates that around 310,000 small businesses are
affected by this tragedy, the majority of which are subsistence enterprises with
less than 10 employees and an annual turnover below Rs.500,000. Many of these
ventures have been established with less than Rs. 1,500,000 investment relying
on loans from relatives and the accumulated life savings of these entrepreneurs.
Significantly hampered already, these enterprises have to contend with new
obstacles as flood water has eroded an already weak infrastructure and in some
cases has swept away people's livelihood and future dreams. Most flood affectees
will become part of the 2.93 million that were already unemployed, choking the
stream of income being earned by these displaced Pakistanis while further
placing a burden on already scant resources. With reduced income there are
reduced savings; adversely impacting the GDP, which is already affected by the
reduction of Government revenue and increase in expenditure being experienced as
a result of this tragedy.  As donor organizations mobilize on a massive scale to
meet the immediate humanitarian needs of flood affectees, other public sector
and social development organizations have commenced the process of formulating
socio-economic initiatives to best create employment opportunities and spur
development in flood stricken areas.

Expressing SMEDA's role in contributing towards post-flood development in the
affected Districts, Mr. Shahid Rashid highlighted some of the key proposals
that SMEDA would be promoting in upcoming months. Among these measures, a
Credit Markup Sharing Fund for Flood Affected SMEs is noteworthy, so as to
provide subsidized financing opportunities to affected SMEs. A dedicated
Helpline for SMEs has also been proposed, endeavoring to provide a "One Stop
Shop" and facilitate affected SMEs in their business needs. Other initiatives
being proposed include providing grants and soft loans to SMEs for recuperating
their businesses and restoring their livelihood. Furthermore short term skills
training, upgrading of existing skill base and diversification of occupations
has also been planned, to prepare flood affectees for those trades that will be
in high demand during the recovery phase such as supply of construction
material, agricultural implements &inputs, logistics, masonry, carpentry,
welding, etc.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

SMEDA starts to plan rehabilitative measures for flood affected SMEs

SECTION: Vol. XV No. 257

LENGTH: 536  words


The Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority (SMEDA) has started to
plan rehabilitative measures for flood affected SMEs. Mr. Shahid Rashid, Chief
Executive Officer SMEDA, in a meeting held at SMEDA head office today,
deliberated upon the rehabilitative steps required to counter post-flood
recovery challenges facing the nation amid the worst natural disaster in modern
times.

CEO, SMEDA observed with deep concern that Pakistan was in the midst of a
nightmarish monsoon season reflecting little signs of receding. Early statistics
estimate the impact of the calamity to be grave, having far reaching
consequences to habitat, livelihood and human life in the affected areas, he
said.

He further said, the economic impact of the floods has yet to be fully
quantified though it is evident that agriculture sector has been hit hardest. As
regards SMEs, SMEDA estimates that around 310,000 small businesses are affected
by this tragedy, the majority of which are subsistence enterprises with less
than 10 employees and an annual turnover below Rs.500,000. Many of these
ventures have been established with less than Rs. 1,500,000 investment relying
on loans from relatives and the accumulated life savings of these entrepreneurs.
Significantly hampered already, these enterprises have to contend with new
obstacles as flood water has eroded an already weak infrastructure and in some
cases has swept away people's livelihood and future dreams. Most flood affectees
will become part of the 2.93 million that were already unemployed, choking the
stream of income being earned by these displaced Pakistanis while further
placing a burden on already scant resources. With reduced income there are
reduced savings; adversely impacting the GDP, which is already affected by the
reduction of Government revenue and increase in expenditure being experienced as
a result of this tragedy.

As donor organizations mobilize on a massive scale to meet the immediate
humanitarian needs of flood affectees, other public sector and social
development organizations have commenced the process of formulating
socio-economic initiatives to best create employment opportunities and spur
development in flood stricken areas.

Expressing SMEDA's role in contributing towards post-flood development in the
affected Districts, Mr. Shahid Rashid highlighted some of the key proposals that
SMEDA would be promoting in upcoming months. Among these measures, a Credit
Markup Sharing Fund for Flood Affected SMEs is noteworthy, so as to provide
subsidized financing opportunities to affected SMEs. A dedicated Helpline for
SMEs has also been proposed, endeavoring to provide a "One Stop Shop" and
facilitate affected SMEs in their business needs. Other initiatives being
proposed include providing grants and soft loans to SMEs for recuperating their
businesses and restoring their livelihood. Furthermore short term skills
training, upgrading of existing skill base and diversification of occupations
has also been planned, to prepare flood affectees for those trades that will be
in high demand during the recovery phase such as supply of construction
material, agricultural implements & inputs, logistics, masonry, carpentry,
welding, etc.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Texas: Compelling Courthouses

LENGTH: 1121  words

DATELINE: Austin


Office of the Historical Commission, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:

Region
Texas courthouses are among the state's most widely recognized, used, and valued
assets. Their lofty gothic spires, classical copper domes, and stately
silhouettes dominate the skylines of many counties, luring travelers to leave
the highway and explore historic downtown districts.

The Texas Historical Commission's (THC) Texas Historic Courthouse Preservation
Program (THCPP) is protecting these iconic structures in communities throughout
the state. In the process, Texas is providing a cost-effective example to the
nation on how to refocus community pride, utilize existing assets, and maximize
the return on historic civic buildings in county seats.

The THCPP provides the incentive for counties to invest matching funds to ensure
their courthouses will always be inspiring places to work, conduct government
business, visit, or simply enjoy. Program participants experience numerous
benefits, including building functionality and creating a tourist attraction and
tangible link to the past.

Since the inception of the program in 1999, $251 million has been awarded to 91
counties for the preservation of their courthouses. Including the FY 2013
appropriation of approximately $4 million, construction activity related to the
program has or will have generated 10,381 jobs, more than $21 million in local
taxes, and more than $22 million in state taxes.

To date, 63 county courthouses have been fully funded with the assistance of
this program. Eighteen counties have received emergency and planning grants and
are awaiting major construction funds to complete their projects.

Courthouse restoration projects have had lasting economic impacts in rural
Texas, including Marshall's Harrison County Courthouse.
The economic impact has been especially significant in Texas' rural communities,
where courthouses often anchor a historic downtown district, and the associated
heritage travelers, who spend almost $400 more per trip than average travelers,
bring money to the community.

For many cities, simultaneous participation in the THC's various preservation
initiatives--such as the Texas Main Street Program and Texas Heritage Trails
Program--provides a successful outcome when combined with the restoration of its
county courthouse.

Other organizations such as the Texas Downtown Association (TDA) also offer
considerable assistance. TDA Director Catherine Sak believes a county's
investment in its courthouse demonstrates that the courthouse square plays an
important role in the community while instilling confidence in developers who
invest in properties following a courthouse restoration.

"A restored county courthouse and square creates an opportunity for the
establishment of new businesses and events in the downtown," Sak says, noting
that TDA's recent award recipients were Amarillo and Granbury, following the
full restorations of both county courthouses through the THCPP.

Unfortunately, Texas' historic courthouses are threatened, and the stories they
tell may soon be forgotten unless counties intervene--in some cases immediately.
This is often a monumental task for a county to assume on its own.

Structural deficiencies at the Hunt County Courthouse in Greenville
Water intrusion is one of the most common and pervasive threats to county
courthouses. As time passes, even the solid construction of buildings meant to
last centuries eventually falters without dedicated, consistent maintenance.
Foundations leak, soils settle, and masonry deteriorates, as do roofs, windows,
and doors.

In Round VIII of THCPP grants (2013) Dimmit, Upshur, and Van Zandt counties
applied for funding to address water problems that threatened their daily
business and vital records. While emergency grants were available to Dimmit and
Upshur, Van Zandt County suffered due to limited THCPP funding, instead having
to use its own limited resources to pay for waterproofing its courthouse's
foundation.

In addition, many factors contribute to the threat of fire at historic Texas
courthouses. Significant threats include outdated electrical systems, lack of
lightning protection, and inadequate fire suppression and smoke detection
systems.

"When old records are lost or destroyed, so is our history," says Mark Wolfe,
executive director of the THC. "County records are an important repository of
the daily workings of our counties and the state. These records hold not only
vital information, but are some of the earliest known histories of Texas."

Perhaps the worst threats to historic Texas courthouses come from disinterest
and misinformation--the false belief that it is easier and cheaper to "build
new" and sacrifice a century or more of history and community to a construction
landfill. According to Wolfe, it is neither cheaper nor sustainable to raze a
historic courthouse and build a new facility with at best a 50-year life, when a
historic courthouse can be restored and updated for the 21st century at a
fraction of the cost and offer another century of service to the community.

"A city's involvement in urban revitalization through preservation of its
historic town center--particularly when partnered with a county's restoration of
its historic county courthouse--provides the vital link for a prosperous
downtown," Gilbert E. "Pete" Peterson, III, THC chair says. "All across Texas,
we've seen it happen in counties that have joined the program to restore their
beloved courthouses. They have made truly remarkable transformations."

The most recent funding for Round VIII of the THCPP was included in the
appropriations bill of the 83rd Legislature in 2013, approving the sale of $4.2
million in bonds, the smallest amount appropriated for the program since its
inception. Subsequently, a total of 24 applications were received requesting
more than $7 million in state assistance. The THC submitted an exceptional item
request to the 84th regular session of the Texas Legislature for $40 million in
funding for the program.

The THCPP can be the catalyst that encourages additional public and private
investment in historic downtowns. Vacant buildings often exist in the central
commercial district when a courthouse project begins, but vacancies dwindle by
the project's completion.

"The preservation of Texas' historic courthouses is an investment that offers
immediate returns, yet continues to pay generous dividends to the citizens of
tomorrow," says Sharon Fleming, director of the THCPP. "There are few places
that can strengthen and transform an entire community, but a restored cherished
courthouse truly will."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                           November 30, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

The race for arts excellence... it's Nelson by a nose

BYLINE: Anne DeGrace, Nelson Daily News

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Take a Load Off Annie; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1008  words


If there's one thing we're good at in Nelson, it's talk and studies. Recently, I
heard a comment about the city "striking all these task forces, instead of doing
the job it was elected to do," from the mouth of someone I swear was complaining
a couple of years back about the previous government and its lack of community
consultation. Damned if you do, damned if you don't. Personally, I'll take the
former.

Over the years I've sat on a committee or two: Strong Communities the 90s,
Nelson Area 2020, the Nelson and District Arts Council board of directors, the
steering committee for the Nelson and Area Economic Development
Corporation-commissioned study to assess the economic impact of arts (the
Commonwealth Report), and most recently the City of Nelson Arts & Culture Task
Force.

You'd think I'd be getting tired of all those cultural committees, but I'm not.
You'd think I'd have sat and talked and studied this one to death, but I
haven't. Flogging a dead horse? Uh-uh. Because through all of this I can tell
that this horse is alive, kicking, and ready to be our economic driver the
second it's given its head. And I'll sit on whatever it takes to get it there,
be that horse or politician.

We're not the first to figure out the potential for cultural development,
although we may be slower than some. Witness organizations like the Creative
Cities Network, federal programs like Cultural Capitals, and reports such as the
Canadian Tourism Commission's five-year business strategy for cultural and
heritage tourism in Canada. And, although at times it seems painfully slow,
witness how far we've come in understanding our own cultural potential since our
horse gave its first earnest kicks in the days of the Nelson Opera House and
Miss Attree's dance classes.

There are models out there: Paducah, Kentucky turned a seedy red-light district
into a cultural mecca by renting studios to artists at below-market cost; now,
it's the cornerstone of Paducah's economic turnaround. Closer to home, Kelowna
revitalized its mall-sucked downtown with galleries and theatres, creating a
cultural district and a crossroads of community pride. To get there, it needed
municipal support.

Cultural district architect and arts advocate Steven Thorne says:

"When it created the Arts Development Office, the City of Kelowna invested in
the human resource that was needed to create the city's cultural policies,
oversee the development and management of the city's cultural facilities and
funding programs, liaise on cultural matters with senior levels of government,
build support within the business community for the city's cultural development,
and spearhead Kelowna's cultural tourism initiative. Arts development is serious
business. It requires professional staff. It can no more be left to volunteer
committees than can the laying of roads, sewers, and sidewalks. Through its
commitment to arts and culture, and the hiring of cultural professionals at City
Hall, the City of Kelowna now enjoys a growing reputation as a centre for arts
and culture in the B.C. Interior. This has had significant implications for
tourism, economic development, the recruitment of new industry, and the
reputation of the city as a whole."

Next, it will be Nelson cited for its cultural development as a model for
others, and that's thanks to municipal support of the Commonwealth Report, the
Museum, Archives and Art Gallery (MAAG), and the striking of the Arts & Culture
Task Force -- especially if it follows the Task Force's recommendations for an
arts office to develop our cultural potential and to capitalize on the funding
opportunities out there right now, from Cultural Capitals to Olympic Legacy
funds set aside for this express purpose.

When the MAAG is up and running at 502 Vernon, its very presence will enhance
Nelson's cultural climate, from education to cultural tourism. People will be
saying: "look at what Nelson has done," pointing again to the ways in which we
are proactive and innovative, capitalizing on our strengths and those things
that set us apart. We did it with the Downtown Revitalization Plan in the
mid-80s, and we're doing it again.

Talk and study, study and talk. Is this horse-flogging or the slow realization
of opportunity?

MAAG project manager Stephanie Fischer points to the Commonwealth Report as an
important component of every grant application the society has written, and
integral to Western Diversification's financial commitment to the project, a
requirement of which is proof that cultural development initiatives such as MAAG
will have direct economic impact on the entire community. Already the
Commonwealth study is proving its value; the society has attracted in excess of
a million dollars from federal and provincial sources.

It starts with community commitment, something outside funders look for. It's
about a municipal government who studies the potential and learns how best to
strategize for success. It's about understanding when investment will pay off,
from investment in institutions like the Capitol Theatre and MAAG to
infrastructure like an arts office whose marketing strategies will see our
institutions flourish and, concurrently, our whole community.

And it's about us as individuals, adding our support and good ideas through
volunteerism on boards, committees, and studies. It's about sitting on the
fundraising sub-committee, minding the gift shop in the new museum lobby, or
just putting in your two cents. It's about watching the donation thermometer
rise as government funds match home-grown contributions, and knowing some of
that matching money came thanks to you.

If the Commonwealth study found a total net economic impact of arts and cultural
activities to be $75 million annually, imagine what that could mean with a good
plan and a little support. If we throw our weight behind those things that will
enhance our community both socially and economically, imagine where we could go.

It's about talk and study. And it's about action. And then? Then horse is up and
running, and way ahead of the pack.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                    Clinch Valley Times (St. Paul, Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 7, 2013

IDA votes to share cost of repairing Lyric building roof

BYLINE: Clinch Valley Times staff

LENGTH: 323  words


At their meeting on October 28th, the St. Paul IDA Board heard several
presentations and requests.

Kathy Stewart, representing the Lyric Theater Ad Hoc Committee, asked the IDA
Board to consider working with the Town Council to provide funds to replace the
Lyric building roof and guttering. After hearing about the condition of the
roof, Ms. Stewart said the cost for a new roof is $109,500. Approximately
$30,000 is remaining in the Community Development Block Grant, leaving a balance
of $79,500. Following debate, a motion, and a substitute motion, the IDA Board
voted 4-2 to contribute 50% to this project only if the Town agrees to fund 50%.
Ms. Stewart also said they are applying for a $25,000 competition grant for
Lyric repair work.

Brad Krepps talked about the Clinch River Valley Initiative and their goals for
tourism promotion, environmental education, and their economic impact. CRVI is
hoping for funding during this legislative session to begin the steps toward a
state park along the river.

Rob Jones of Sustainable Development offered a presentation on uses for the
Willis Building and discussed interest in the business spaces. He reviewed the
progress of downtown and the various grant opportunities he is seeking for
development of the building.

Debbie Baca reviewed the IDA audit for year ending June 30, 2013. The IDA
received a clean audit representing the financial position of the IDA fairly and
without material. weaknesses. The audit was unanimously approved by the Board.

In other business, the Board voted to accept an easement for a canoe launch site
in Castle-wood. There was discussion about holding these easements to help
promote the river tourism.

IDA members present were Bob Harrison, Jack Kiser, Frank Molinary, Mike Jessee,
Bill Wallace, Harry Kelly and J.D. Cassell. In addition to those making
presentations, others present were attorney Linda Tiller, Debbie Baca, Mayor
Fletcher and Councilman Salyer.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Clinch Valley Times


                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 24, 2009 Tuesday

'Help those in need"

BYLINE: Andy Piper TH staff writer/ apiper@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1211 words


In 2005, newly elected Mayor Roy Buol stated that the next five years would
define Dubuque for the next 50 years. In his third annual State of the City
address Monday at the Historic Federal Building, Buol emphasized his blueprint
for the city's future through the lens of the Sustainable Dubuque initiative and
its three-pronged approach: economic prosperity, environmental integrity and
social/cultural vibrancy.

"In total, Sustainable Dubuque is about building a strong economy that works for
everyone; it is about ensuring Dubuque is a safe, nurturing and interesting
place to call home; and it is about making investments in people and an
environment where opportunity and innovation are fostered," Buol said.

The mayor announced a new initiative and is looking for some helping hands.

"And in our community of character, we understand and embrace the responsibility
to help those in need," Buol said. "This will become even more important as we
move forward in the new year. To that end, I am inviting every adult in the
community who is able to join with me in pledging to volunteer five hours a
month to a cause of your choice.

"It has been said," he continued, "Volunteering is the ultimate exercise in
democracy. You vote in elections perhaps once a year, but when you volunteer,
you vote every day about the kind of community you want to live in."

In January, the city's focus on a sustainable future paid off when one of the
biggest economic development coups in the city's history was announced with
IBM's intention to bring 1,300 jobs to downtown. Buol quoted Mike Daniels,
senior vice president of IBM's Global Technology Services branch.

"We selected the city of Dubuque based on several criteria, including its
strong, public-private partnerships and the fact that IBM's and the city of
Dubuque's approach to sustainability support one another," Buol recalled.

A pillar of the city's future growth is its fiscal management, Buol said.
Through its public-private partnerships and an aggressive approach to acquiring
funding through federal and state sources, the city is the only one of Iowa's 10
largest cities to have reduced its portion of the property tax rate over the
past eight years.

"In fact, in 1987, citizens paid property taxes that were 32 percent higher than
the rate budgeted for 2010," Buol said.

Buol said the City Council, city staff, nonprofit organizations and agencies and
all of the volunteers have prepared Dubuque to not only weather the current
storm, but to plant seeds for future success.

"Now is the time for which we have been preparing and together we will protect
this special place along the Mississippi River and build a proud tomorrow for
Dubuque," Buol said. "In Dubuque we have become a generation that no longer
dreams about what we could do, but rather, a generation that does."

Social/cultural vibrancy

Dubuque officials tout the social equity and cultural vibrancy aspects of the
Sustainable Dubuque initiative as setting the city apart.

City grants totaling more than $960,000 have been awarded to Dubuque's arts and
culture organizations over the past several years, returning an annual economic
impact of more than $22 million, and reaching more than 640,000 people annually.

One of the city's success stories, the Crescent Community Health Center, is
located in the Washington Neighborhood. The center exists to improve and
maintain the health and well being of the community by treating citizens who are
uninsured or underinsured.

Between the fall of 2007 and the fall of 2008, there were almost 5,000
individual clients of the health center, and more than 10,000 visits for dental
and medical care.

Fashioned after the America's Promise Alliance for Youth, is the program Every
Child, Every Promise, which brought national recognition to Dubuque for a second
time in 2008 as one of the "100 Best Communities for Young People." Partners
strive to ensure area youth have opportunities to realize their potential.

STEP BY STEP is a recent city partnership project that has resulted in
accessible housing for citizens with disabilities, and which encompasses
sustainability measures for the adaptive reuse of an historic downtown building.

PROJECT HOPE, Helping Our People Excel, is providing skills training to help
persons find meaningful and livable wage employment while responding to the
needs of local business and industry.

Environmental integrity

The city of Dubuque is striving to have as little negative environmental impact
as possible, and one of the strategies to accomplish that goal is through
historic preservation.

The city welcomed the unveiling of the Pfohl family's $28 million renovation of
the historic Hotel Julien Dubuque. Other finished projects include German Bank
Building and Cottingham & Butler.

From the Green Vision preschool, elementary and middle schools, to churches,
higher education institutions, banks, hospitals, businesses and industry and
citizens - many of whom have joined the Green Pledge program - the city is
rethinking its approach to daily living to increasingly reduce, reuse and
recycle.

Dr. Richard Moe, president of the National Trust for Historic Preservation,
announced that, in addition to Seattle and San Francisco, Dubuque and its
historic Millwork/Warehouse District have been chosen to participate in the
National Trust's "Green Lab" program.

The Millwork/Warehouse District will be a pilot project for a comprehensive
Energy Efficient zone, marrying historic preservation standards with smart
energy systems for adaptive building reuse.

The city has also joined with Climate Communities to leverage federal policy and
funding for local initiatives aimed at reducing carbon emission and promoting
sustainable, self-reliant communities.

Country Home Magazine ranked Dubuque 53rd among its 370 "Best Green Cities in
America," which was a climb of 109 spots from 2007.

Economic prosperity

Of the 48 development agreements Dubuque has signed with new and existing
businesses in the past 25 years, 26 have occurred within the past three years.

The Port of Dubuque businesses and attractions are employers to approximately
1,400 people, creating an economic impact in the community of $49 million
annually.

Today there are more than 7,000 people working in downtown Dubuque with another
1,300 on the way.

Tourism employs more than 2,700 people in the Dubuque area, and in 2008, the
city welcomed over 1.6 million visitors.

During that recession year, Dubuque area tourism spending hit $253 million, up
from $236 million in 2007.

Led by the IBM project and ongoing expansions at Hormel, Morrison Brothers,
Dubuque Stamp, Medline and others, Dubuque is slated to gain a minimum of 1,600
new jobs over the next 12 to 14 months.

The direct payroll impact of that new projected growth, without benefits, is
estimated to be $1.1 million per week circulating in Dubuque's economy,
bolstering the housing market, restaurants, retail and cultural venues.

Projects from Dubuque's existing businesses through last summer included a dozen
expansions. These same projects represented a minimum of $52.6 million in
capital investment and 326 new jobs.

Dubuque Greyhound Park & Casino, renamed "Mystique," joins the $84 million new
Diamond Jo Casino in offering new restaurants and live entertainment venues.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 29, 2012 Wednesday

New mayor discusses police with Shenandoah council

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 744 words


Aug. 29--SHENANDOAH -- Mayor Andrew Szczyglak gave his first official mayor's
report at Monday's meeting of Shenandoah Borough Council, speaking about meeting
with the police department to move things forward.

The borough council appointed Szczyglak at the July meeting to fill the vacancy
left by the resignation of Mayor Michael Whitecavage, effective July 1. At his
appointment, Szczyglak resigned his borough council seat.

At that same meeting, the borough council also accepted the resignation of
police Chief Joseph W. Hall, effective July 15. The borough is accepting
applications and the council plans to appoint a new police chief at the
September meeting.

"I'd just like to say that it has been an interesting month, but I feel that a
lot has been accomplished over in the police department," Szczyglak said. "I had
a chance to meet with all the officers, including Officer-In-Charge (Capt.)
George Carado. I sat down with him and basically told him what I expected out of
the police department. I also listened to some concerns and gripes that they
had."

Szczyglak spoke of accepting, on behalf of the borough, an $18,240 Community
Facilities Economic Impact Initiative Grant. He said it will buy a 2013 Ford
police cruiser to replace an inoperative vehicle on Aug. 7 from U.S. Rep. Tim
Holden, D-17, and Thomas P. Williams, Pennsylvania state director of U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development. The grant will pay 55 percent of
the cost of the new vehicle.

"We'll have the vehicle in service by the fall-winter months when we need it
most," Szczyglak said.

He said the police officers have been busy on patrol with good results.

"I was very impressed with the police department this past weekend. We issued a
number of traffic citations, underage drinking and driving, DUIs and other,"
Szczyglak said. "Right now, I think everything is running smoothly."

Szczyglak told the council the police department will be shorthanded due to
officers taking vacations and time off during the fall and winter months. He and
Carado reviewed a list of police officers available and decided on Tyler
Dissinger and Joseph Hahn to be added as part-time officers. The recommendations
were approved by borough council.

"They're two very enthusiastic people with a lot of energy who want to get out
there and fight some crime and do their jobs," Szczyglak said. "They'll be an
asset to the borough."

Szczyglak also discussed the illegal driving of all-terrain vehicles on the
streets.

"The problem is being addressed and we have police patrolling in those problem
areas," he said.

Later in the meeting, Councilman Robert Kulpowicz spoke of problems with
loitering in the area of the One Stop Shop at Main and Lloyd streets.

"I have received numerous complaints about the patrons at the One Stop,"
Kulpowicz said. "They have been annoying the people going in and out of the
bank. People with businesses who make their deposits at the bank are scared.
There's all kind of activity outside. I don't know if it's legal or not, but I'm
sure a lot of it isn't. Senior citizens are very scared. They want something
done. I spoke to Andrew (Szczyglak) and he's going to enforce the loitering
laws, but it's very bad. People (who loiter) have been asking for money. They've
been urinating on the street around the corner."

Kulpowicz recommended the borough send the store a letter and file a complaint
with the state Liquor Control Board.

"I don't want anything to happen to their business, but they've got to take
control," Kulpowicz said.

"I did talk to George Carado about this after Bob called me last night,"
Szczyglak said. "George said there have been extra patrols, and when George is
on duty, he does chase them if they're loitering."

Szczyglak said people need to call the police when there is a problem.

"I think the borough can at least send a letter to the LCB," borough Manager
Joseph Palubinsky said.

Szczyglak recommended anyone having problems at the location should also write
to the LCB.

"The more letters the LCB gets, the sooner they'll take action," he said.

"We will address it with a letter to the LCB, too, Bob," council President Leo
Pietkiewicz said.

In other business, Pietkiewicz asked for nominations for the vacant council
seat. Robert Short was the only person nominated and was appointed unanimously.

___ (c)2012 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120829-RN-New-mayor-discusses-police-with-Shenandoah-council-0829-20120829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2012 Republican & Herald


                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             June 14, 2012 Thursday
                                  WEB Edition

Philly Deals: Will Pennsylvania's giveaway fund be more transparent?

BYLINE: Joe DiStefano

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 691 words


Pennsylvania has borrowed more than $4 billion over the years to fund the
giveaway known as the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program, in which
Pennsylvania legislators chose developers and nonprofits for matching grants for
favored projects.

The Barnes museum and the plaza under Comcast's headquarters were built with
RACP funds. So were parks, old folks' homes, groceries and hotels, shopping
malls and condo developments, and religious, ethnic and cultural centers. Pretty
random.

Gov. Corbett last week imposed a new name &mdash; Pennsylvania Economic Growth
Initiative &mdash; and new guidelines that give his appointees more control over
who gets what. He promised "a strategic, merit-based selection process" focused
on "clear, positive economic impact" and "a priority on attracting and retaining
jobs."

"Some might argue the new criteria are more open and transparent," says John
Grady, president of the Philadelphia Authority for Industrial Development that
helps administer the program locally.

Corbett inherited a list of hundreds of projects that had been preapproved but
not funded by the legislature or given final confirmation by the governor's
office from his predecessor, Democrat Ed Rendell, who expanded the program on
his eight-year watch.

City records show Corbett has approved "rereleases" for dozens of projects over
the last year &mdash; $18 million for the Gallery and other retail renovations
on Market Street East, $9 million for the Franklin Institute, $2 million for
Philadelphia University's Arlen Specter Library, similar sums for projects by
developers Kenny Gamble and Bart Blatstein, among scores more.

But many projects that won the General Assembly stamp may have to reapply under
the new guidelines, Corbett spokesman Erik Shirk told me.

"The big question," said Grady, "is how much money is going to be available."
Scarce dollars "may force the state to be even more selective."

Post-scandal

Tylenol-maker Johnson & Johnson used to routinely outperform other health-care
stocks &mdash; but since the contamination that closed its Fort Washington pill
factory until at least next year, its shares have trailed the industry average,
and its old "premium" is gone, wrote stock analyst Jayson Bedford, in a report
to clients at Raymond James & Associates.

Bedford is betting that will change with J&J's planned purchase, effective
Thursday, of West Chester-based Synthes Inc., the bone-cement maker burned by
its own human-testing scandal. Under a financing scheme that routes the purchase
through an Irish subsidiary, Synthes could boost earnings as soon as this year,
he wrote.

RayJay also cited J&J's drug "pipeline" &mdash; Zytiga (for prostate cancer),
Invico (hepatitis), Xarelto (blood clots), plus "potential blockbuster drugs"
canagliflozin (diabetes) and bapineuzumab (dementia) &mdash; as fuel for rising
profits.

Tomb raid

Tom Gonzales and his son, Thomas J. Gonzales II, made a fortune from their
company, Silicon Valley online-commerce pioneer Commerce One, before young
Thomas' death from cancer, at 35, back in 2001, the peak of the dot.com boom.

The family memorialized him with a $3.2 million white stone tomb at Oakmont
Memorial Park in Lafayette, Calif. After Commerce One's bankruptcy and sale in
2004, the father relaunched himself as a real estate developer, built an estate
in Lake Tahoe that he's been trying to sell for $50 million, and sued a Silicon
Valley charity over control of Thomas' estate, valued at $91 million.

But Thomas' mortal remains haven't been left in peace. In January thieves cut
their way into the mausoleum and stole the gold-colored metal urn containing
with the dead man's ashes.

Now his father wants the $3.2 million back. On Tuesday his lawyer, Harvey Stein,
sued Oakmont Memorial Park's owner, a unit of Levittown, Bucks County-based
StoneMor Partners L.P., in a California court, alleging "negligent infliction of
mental distress." Plus he wants funds for another family tomb: The empty
mausoleum "is a useless structure." A StoneMor spokesman declined to comment.

Contact columnist Joseph N. DiStefano at 215-854-5194, JoeD@phillynews.com or
@PhillyJoeD on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                          November 13, 2003, Thursday

PAINT OUTSIDE THE LINES / Arts need more support

BYLINE: Amanda Greene

SECTION: Currents; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 493 words


Last week, I attended a meeting of the old Arts and Cultural Affairs Task Force
at City Hall with Wendy Larimer, the city's liaison to cultural affairs, that
opened my eyes. The Force was getting updated on arts initiatives and grants
downtown.

Many folks in the group were disappointed with the way the Community Foundation
of Southeastern North Carolina distributed the Grassroots Arts Program grants to
13 nonprofits this year.

Just when the arguing was taking the meeting into infinity and beyond, Ms.
Larimer steered the group to look at a proposal for an arts awareness gathering
to be held in mid-January that would remind Wilmington's business community of
the importance of the arts.

The meeting will include presentations on the economic impact of the arts in our
community and across the state, plus entertainment, food and wine. By the
meeting's end, each of the task force members pitched in to organize the event.

Ms. Larimer sighed, saying, "That's the most productive meeting we've ever had."

Then, it hit me. She is doing the job of 10 people. Last year, the group decided
Wilmington needed an office of cultural affairs to coordinate arts. Instead of
putting money into a staff of people who could organize arts affairs here, the
city decided it would pile all the duties of an office on one person.

I don't care how you look at it. That's not fair.

Ms. Larimer agrees she was a good fit because most of her job is coordinating
downtown programs for the city, where many galleries and artists reside. But she
didn't know much about art when "cultural affairs" was added to her job in July.

And today Ms. Larimer wears so many hats with the city that she can only devote
a small portion of her time to the arts. She handles two groups: the task force
and a new group of museum representatives who meet as a part of Mayor Harper
Peterson's initiative to declare Wilmington a "City of Museums."

She will bring those two groups and other arts organizations together at noon
Nov. 19 at City Hall for a presentation from Deborah Mintz of the Arts Council
of Fayetteville/Cumberland County about marketing the arts community.

"Most of my projects, I can see a start and finish to it, and this one, I can't.
The Cultural Affairs Task Force wanted a building for the arts downtown, but
that's not something the city can do right now," she said. "Anything that's a
city event, we'll try to get artists involved in it."

Ms. Larimer is investigating how the city could install a nonprofit office to
help museums and nonprofits with grant writing and organize lists of artists and
arts activities in the city.

"People expect a lot from the concept of a cultural affairs office, but that's
just not what it is right now," she said.

Come on city council, let's give Ms. Larimer a break. Follow through with your
commitment to better the city's quality of life and create a nonprofit arts and
cultural affairs office.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2003 Star News


                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Massachusetts: University's Work Supports More Than 7,000 Jobs in the Region

LENGTH: 1065 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Boston: University Relations, The State of Massachusetts has issued the
following news release:



 Since 2010, UMass Lowell&rsquo;s annual regional economic impact has increased
from $490 million to $854 million, according to &ldquo;The Innovation
Effect,&rdquo; which was developed by UMass Lowell with data from the UMass
Donahue Institute.





 That positive impact includes supporting 7,097 jobs in Massachusetts and
southern New Hampshire through UMass Lowell&rsquo;s direct employment of 1,976
people and another 5,121 workers who are in off-campus roles related to
university activity, such as construction, transportation, retail and
professional services, according to the report.



 &ldquo;The figures released today quantify how UMass Lowell has thoroughly
embraced this idea of entrepreneurship and how committed we are to the economic
success of the region,&rdquo; said Chancellor Jacquie Moloney. &ldquo;UMass
Lowell has successfully translated our entrepreneurial approach, along with our
strength in research and academics, into a range of programs and other efforts
that benefit our students, the community and employers of all sizes.&rdquo;



 Moloney unveiled the findings in an appearance before the Lowell City
Council&rsquo;s Education Partnerships Subcommittee on Tuesday, Nov. 10. In
addition to economic development initiatives, the university has been working
with city government on a joint marketing campaign, a &ldquo;college town&rdquo;
partnership and the implementation of a $13.4 million Transportation Investment
Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant from the U.S. Department of
Transportation.



 UMass Lowell&rsquo;s research activity by faculty and students is one of the
major drivers of the university&rsquo;s economic impact. Since 2007, UMass
Lowell has grown research expenditures through a mix of grants, private funding
and university investment from $36 million to $65 million annually. The economic
impact of that research, often conducted with industry partners including major
employers like Raytheon, was $104 million last year and supported 529 jobs.



 An offshoot of UMass Lowell&rsquo;s research activities, the Massachusetts
Medical Device Development Center (M2D2) delivers more than $75 million in
economic impact on its own. A joint effort of the UMass campuses in Lowell and
Worcester, M2D2 supports 370 jobs, including those associated with the startups
based in its two business incubators in Lowell where client companies like
Infobionic have flourished. Infobionic, makers of a remote monitoring system for
individuals with irregular heartbeats, has attracted more than $28 million in
external funding since moving into M2D2&rsquo;s incubator in the Wannalancit
Mill Building in Lowell in 2011. Last month, M2D2 opened more space in
Lowell&rsquo;s Hamilton Canal District at the 110 Canal building, also home to
UMass Lowell&rsquo;s new Innovation Hub, an incubator for early-stage technology
companies.



 &ldquo;This report demonstrates the real impact of innovation on our city and
our region. Projects like M2D2 and the Innovation Hub help translate our
significant research capabilities into startups, companies and jobs that then
allow people to live, work and play in Lowell. Our investment in the Hamilton
Canal District demonstrates the university&rsquo;s commitment to helping Lowell
grow as a tech hub as well as a hub of arts and culture,&rdquo; said Steven
Tello, UMass Lowell&rsquo;s associate vice chancellor for entrepreneurship and
economic development.



 UMass Lowell is also fueling economic activity in the region through
entrepreneurial use of its facilities &ndash; including the Tsongas Center at
UMass Lowell, the UMass Lowell Inn & Conference Center and University Crossing
&ndash; for events such as conferences that have drawn thousands of researchers,
academics and other visitors from around the world.



 The Tsongas Center at UMass Lowell, a 7,000-seat sports and entertainment
venue, generates $10.5 million in economic impact annually. It hosted
approximately 200 events and drew more than 330,000 visitors during the last
fiscal year, including 36,000 to just two conferences held there in one month. A
single UMass Lowell men&rsquo;s ice hockey game at the Tsongas Center creates
nearly $200,000 in positive economic impact for local businesses, including
restaurants, hotels and those that supply goods and services to the venue and
the team. The River Hawks &ndash; who rank 12th in NCAA hockey for fan
attendance with an average of 5,487 &ndash; play at least 18 home games during
the 2015-2016 season, which began last month.



 The UMass Lowell Inn & Conference Center, which houses more than 500 students
and offers lodging year-round for the public, opens all of its accommodations
after the end of the academic year for conferences and events like the Lowell
Summer Music Series and the Deshpande Symposium for Innovation and
Entrepreneurship in Higher Education. The facility, which offers event space for
the campus and community all year, creates $4.7 million in economic activity
annually.



 UMass Lowell is also building its future economic impact through educating
students who will become leaders in business, the community and government after
graduation. Approximately 83 percent of UMass Lowell&rsquo;s 52,000 alumni work
in Massachusetts, according to the report.



 Experiential education opportunities, including co-ops and internships, are
being expanded annually to offer more chances for UMass Lowell students to test
their classroom instruction in the real world. Such opportunities include the
DifferenceMaker program, which teaches students entrepreneurial skills they can
use to solve problems in business and the community. One of the ideas developed
through the program, which was founded three years ago, is Nonspec&rsquo;s
prosthetic limb, which is designed for use by children in Third World countries
because of the low cost &ndash; the prosthetics are made with a 3D printer
&ndash; and that they are scalable to grow with the wearer. Nonspec has gone
from a competitor in the DifferenceMaker Idea Challenge to a full-fledged
business that has secured $180,000 in funding and has its headquarters in UMass
Lowell&rsquo;s Innovation Hub business incubator.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            November 6, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Casino may take hit if Ohio votes for slots

BYLINE: Dave Hall, Windsor Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 470  words


More than $20US million has been spent in recent weeks in an attempt to convince
Ohio voters to approve slot-machine gambling when they head to the polls for
mid-term elections Tuesday.

Though it could take as long as three years to implement the initiative if it
passes, it's likely to have an eventual impact locally, according to an industry
analyst.

"I don't know how many Ohio residents visit Windsor for the slots, but putting
2,000 machines in Lucas County just across the Michigan-Ohio border could have a
considerable impact on slots revenue in Windsor," said Jacob Miklojcik,
president of Michigan Consultants.

"It's just another choice for the gambling public and there could be an impact
at all of the Detroit-area casinos, not just in Windsor."

Casino Windsor is watching the campaign, said spokeswoman Holly Ward.

"We've been following the issue because 80 per cent of our customers are from
the U.S., and a good portion of those are from Ohio," she said.

"But we're not going to speculate on its possible impact. It's not a new issue
for Ohio and it's failed in the past so we'll see what happens."

If the ballot issue passes, slots would be placed in the state's seven
racetracks as well as at two independent sites in Cleveland.

The issue has been defeated twice since 1990 but, with Ohio gamblers now
spending an estimated $900US million annually at casinos in Indiana, Michigan
and West Virginia, supporters believe the time is right.

"The states around us don't want this to pass," Cuyahoga County commissioner
Jimmy Dimora told the Cleveland Plain Dealer recently. "This gives us a fighting
chance to keep up with the competition."

Owners of the tracks have contributed between $500,000 and $2 million each to
the effort while those opposing the initiative have raised less than $700,000,
according to a recent report in the Plain Dealer.

Supporters point to job creation and the positive economic impact on communities
hosting slots while detractors claim the jobs are low-paying positions and the
impact of addiction outweighs any economic advantages created by slots.

It's been estimated that slots gambling would generate 56,000 jobs in the state,
producing several billion dollars in spinoff revenues.

More than 50 per cent of those revenues would go to track and slots operators
and six per cent would pay for bigger purses at Ohio's tracks. Another 30 per
cent would be used for college grants and scholarships, eight per cent would
flow into economic development coffers and one per cent would be used to fund
addiction programs.

And while supporters have placed the financial impact at $2.4 billion annually
from 31,500 slot machines, opponents say the figure would be closer to $1.08
billion because the state could only support about 10,000 machines.

dhall@thestar.canwest.com or 519-255-5777, ext. 408.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Holly Ward

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Lancaster Evening Post

                             July 16, 2013 Tuesday

Lancashire enterprise zone £5m welcomed

LENGTH: 337  words


A £5m cash injection from the government shows Lancashire is worth investing in,
business leaders have said.

The county has been awarded the cash in the latest round of the Regional Growth
Fund (RGF), to run a programme which will create hundreds of new jobs across the
county.

The funding will be used to create a grant programme to support medium and large
companies, benefiting the BAE Enterprise Zone in Samlesbury and Warton near
Preston.

It is claimed it will create 500 new jobs in Lancashire and safeguard a further
250.

Babs Murphy, Chief Executive of the North & Western Lancashire Chamber of
Commerce, said: "Investment in large regeneration projects is key for
stimulating economic growth in Lancashire.

"The creation of the Enterprise Zone will ensure the delivery of Lancashire
growth strategy has the biggest economic impact on communities. It's a great
example of how Lancashire's public bodies can work with the private sector to
deliver initiatives that create growth and jobs."

Regenerate Pennine Lancashire made the bid and will use the cash to run
Accelerating Business Growth PLUS (ABG+).

It will provide businesses with finance to accelerate growth.

The programme will be delivered with Blackburn with Darwen Council and following
success in previous RGF rounds, it means Lancashire is the only area where
businesses can access grants of between £5,000 and £1m.

Leader of Blackburn with Darwen Council and Chair of the Pennine Lancashire
Leaders group Kate Hollern said: "This shows confidence in Pennine Lancashire as
a place worth investing in. It is very powerful that local businesses were
willing to work with us on what is best for the area.

"The programme will help create apprenticeships. The programme will provide a
lifeline for businesses in an era of job cuts and reductions in public funding
and enable them to compete."

A spokesman for the Lancashire Enterprise Partnership (LEP) said: "The LEP
backed this bid because it will offer a valuable new source of financial support
for businesses."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLEP


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              June 30, 2008 Monday

Worlds of art and business join forces

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 701 words


BRATTLEBORO -- More and more, the worlds of art and commerce are coming together
to define the concept of the creative economy, and nowhere is that more evident
than in downtown Brattleboro.

Over the past several months, Andrea Livermore, director of Building a Better
Brattleboro, Kate Anderson, president of the Arts Council of Windham County, and
Gail Nunziata, director of Brattleboro Arts Initiative, have met to discuss ways
that arts and commerce can work together, Brattleboro-style, to make Brattleboro
a better arts town and town for artists. Their discussions have sometimes
included Jeff Lewis of Brattleboro Development Credit Corp.

"Building on the results of our economic impact study showing the nonprofit arts
sector contributing $11 million to the local economy, we feel the climate is
right for a closer relationship between arts and commerce," said Nunziata. "The
ripple effect generated by each dollar spent and re-spent in our community has
an exponential effect on our local economy. It's not as simple as ticket sales
generating revenue to support a performance. Each performance has needs for
supplies that are purchased from local vendors like paint and building supplies.
Each venue has needs for payroll, insurances, banking and other more traditional
supports that often times go unnoticed."

Recently, Livermore attended the National Main Street Conference, held this year
in Philadelphia. "I was very excited to attend a workshop on Creating Artistic
Entrepreneurship. We routinely talk of Brattleboro as an arts town. I was
encouraged to hear that employment of artists and related workers is expected to
grow 16 percent through 2016. This increase is faster than the average for all
occupations."

The Arts Council of Windham County serves a critical role in Brattleboro,
serving as a fiscal agent for emerging artists and groups, providing expertise
and allowing them to apply for grants, contributing to their evolution into
mature organizations.

"Brattleboro is heralded as a terrific 'Small Arts Town,'" notes Anderson.
"Gail, Andrea and I are exploring strategies and ideas to develop Brattleboro as
a great town for the working artist. What steps can be taken to develop and
enhance this essential component of our town. Can we get there?"

"Events such as the Artist Town Meeting and follow up discussions showed us the
strengths and challenges in the arts community," said Nunziata. "We are looking
for ways to keep these discussions fresh and forward-thinking."

Brattleboro is recognized for its identifiable sense of place, it's still-intact
authenticity, which creates an environment where artistic seeds take root. "Our
aim is to create leadership from both the cultural/creative and business sectors
to help sustain Brattleboro's resources," Anderson notes. "It is apparent that
the creative economy plays a strong role in that sustenance."

Building a Better Brattleboro has made a conscious effort to consider the arts
as an asset and the arts community a key stakeholder in the success of our
downtown. There often is a perceived gap between the "arts community" and the
"business community."

The collaboration of the Arts Council of Windham County, Building a Better
Brattleboro and Brattleboro Arts Initiative would like to take the risk of
talking about the two sectors as one, unique to Brattleboro and the surrounding
areas.

"Let's talk 'the arts' as industry, and move forward mindfully and
professionally with our economic planning," suggests Livermore.

According to these three organization heads, topics to consider include where do
artists live, work, exhibit and perform? Are these spaces available, accessible
and affordable? Does the world really know what we have going here? If not, how
do we tell them? Where do artists purchase supplies and are these venues
available locally and part of our local economy? What businesses complement the
arts? Are these businesses located here? If not why not and if not, can we
invite them to come here? How can we attract more feet to our streets, perhaps
reaching out to ready-made audiences such as second-home owners and visitors to
the Mount Snow Valley? These are just some of the questions that are being
considered.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 27, 2017

                             Solar Ventures S.r.l.

                            Galleria San Babila 4/B
                                  Milano 20122
                                     Italy

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USTDA Extends Grant To Kawar Energy For Shams Maan Project In Jordan

   Jun 10, 2010

   The US Trade and Development Agency (USTDA) has extended a grant of $617,204
to Kawar Energy to help fund the feasibility study for the planned 100MW Shams
Maan photovoltaic plant in Jordan, The Jordan Times reported. The company said
that it will use the grant in developing an implementation plan, technology
evaluation as well as a facility and equipment assessment. A consortium of Kawar
Energy and Solar Ventures SpA will carry out the Shams Maan project.Construction
of the power plant is likely to start in 2011. Once operational, the project
valued at $400 million is likely to cut around 160,000 tons of carbon dioxide
emissions annually and generate 1,600-2,200kWh per year, around 1.2% of the
country's current electricity generation, the consortium said.Hanna Zaghloul,
CEO of Kawar Energy, said: We are thankful for USTDA's support and endorsement
to Shams Maan's project. The grant is a milestone in progressing the project
forward and will surely help us in determining the right technology to utilize
and in the site assessment. In addition, the feasibility study will know how the
environmental, social and economic impact of the project on the Maan region, the
company said. USTDA has granted the fund as part of its support for alternative
energy initiatives in the region. Leocadia I. Zak, director of USTDA, said: The
MENA region has a wealth of energy resources, the development of which can
contribute significantly to the long-term economic growth and social welfare of
the region. In early 2010, the Maan Development Area allotted a 2 square
kilometers plot of land for the project, which will be increased to 5 square
kilometers if the consortium intends to expand the plant's capacity.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Investment Analysis             Company Overview
Events                                  Investments
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday

Bet on it

BYLINE: Chris Friel and Bill Rutsey

SECTION: LETTER TO THE EDITOR; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: Brantford, Ont.


The discussion about potential casino developments in Ontario would benefit from
reviewing what has happened in communities with casinos (Cities Beware: The
House Always Wins - July 9).

Brantford's long-term approach to the use of its casino revenues has maximized
benefits to the community in the following ways: a decade-long urban renewal
initiative resulting in four postsecondary institutions locating in the
downtown, generating in excess of $100-million in capital investment;
$3.5-million in grants to local not-for-profit organizations to provide vital
services to the community; more than $2-million invested in local health-care
services.

Casinos are strong employers: The average annual wage for a full-time employee
is $44,400, according to a 2010 economic impact report on the Canadian gaming
industry. As communities make decisions, we encourage them to work with the
facts.

Chris Friel, Mayor; Bill Rutsey, president, Canadian Gaming Association

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           February 13, 2007 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

UNIVERSITY LEADERS SHARE TALES OF RESEARCH SUCCESS

BYLINE: By Walter C. Jones Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 395 words


ATLANTA - Lawmakers got a short overview Monday of the varied research being
conducted by the state's largest universities and a pitch from each for more
money.

About a dozen legislators attended the hourlong briefing organized by Rep. Bob
Smith, R-Watkinsville. Mr. Smith, the chairman of the higher education
subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee, wanted to let his colleagues
in the House hear what his subcommittee has heard during budget briefings.

"We've heard these guys talking, and it was 'wow,'" he said.

Each university's president took turns giving a rundown on the amount of
research funding and some of the more exotic experiments under way. Though none
announced any new initiatives Monday, all thanked the legislators for the
appropriations that have helped build labs, pay professors and match more than
$2 billion in federal and private research grants.

At the University of Georgia, for example, the state has gotten back as much as
$7 in economic impact for every dollar taxpayers have put into the school's
1,000 or so ongoing research projects, according to UGA President Michael Adams.
Many of those projects target the state's largest industries, such as poultry,
and those with the greatest economic potential, such as biofuels, he said.

Dr. Adams also took a moment to get in a little lobbying about professors'
salaries.

"We've not made up the ground we lost in the '03 and '04 recessionary years.
These are the kinds of people that everybody in the country is coming after and
trying to recruit," he said.

At Medical College of Georgia, research dollars from federal and private sources
have grown significantly in the past five years, from 200 percent for cancer to
986 percent for diabetes, MCG President Daniel W. Rahn said. He noted that
scientists in Augusta were looking into genetic causes of cancer, strokes and
diabetes with an eye toward prevention or crafting personalized treatments that
would have fewer side effects.

Dr. Rahn also made a pitch for more funding, in his case for more laboratory
space.

Georgia Tech President Wayne Clough wrapped up his presentation talking about
his wish for higher tuition.

"I know Georgia and Georgia Tech are frequently identified as 'best values.'
We'd like to be a little less of a 'best value' from time to time," he said.

Reach Walter Jones at (404) 589-8424 or walter.jones@morris.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  1. WALTER C. JONES/MORRIS NEWS SERVICE Medical College of Georgia
President Dan Rahn (from left); Rep. Bill Hembree, R-Winston; Rep. Bob Smith,
R-Watkinsville; and Georgia State President Carl Patoon were at the briefing. 2.
University of Georgia President Michael Adams talked about the university's
research projects and asked for help with professor's salaries.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 19, 2014 Monday

UA Celebrates 100 Years of Community Partnership Through Cooperative Extension

LENGTH: 917  words

DATELINE: Tucson


The University of Arizona has issued the following news release:

In the century since it was created, Cooperative Extension has not only
translated university research into community solutions, but it has helped shape
the Arizona of today, University of Arizona officials said Thursday during a
celebration of the program's centennial.

One hundred years to the day after U.S. President Woodrow Wilson signed the
Smith-Lever Act that created Cooperative Extension on May 8, 1914, members of
Arizona Cooperative Extension, a program of the UA College of Agriculture and
Life Sciences, gathered at the UA Campus Agricultural Center to honor the
program's contributions.

"In the past 100 years Cooperative Extension has served to transform Arizona
from a raw, wild, Western frontier into the vibrant community of today," said
Jeff Silvertooth, associate dean of the College of Agriculture and Life
Sciences. Silvertooth also is director of economic development and extension for
the college and a professor at the UA Institute of the Environment.

Cooperative Extension is an explicit component of land-grant institutions across
the United States with a mission to bridge the gap between higher education and
community, respond to societal needs and bring science to bear on practical
problems.

As the only land-grant institution in Arizona, the UA has a long history of
partnering with communities through Cooperative Extension in every county in
Arizona and on five Native American reservations.

"In 1914, Bisbee was the largest city between St. Louis and San Francisco,"
Silvertooth noted. "Cooperative Extension was there to play an important role,
connecting a new university with a new state."

"I respect and appreciate all that's been done in the past 100 years,"
Silvertooth said. "I know that moving forward depends on the application of good
science, good education and the fundamental principles that have been brought to
us today as our societies and as our environments change around us."

Attending the celebration were state Sen. Andrea Dalessandro, state Rep. Ethan
Orr, Santa Cruz County Supervisor John Maynard and Globe Mayor Terence Wheeler.

"When we look at the economic impact of agriculture, there are entire
communities that wouldn't exist without programs that support them like
Cooperative Extension," said Orr, who is a third-generation UA alum and a native
of Tucson.

Orr also shared a special recognition from Arizona Gov. Janice Brewer
congratulating UA Cooperative Extension on its centennial "and its contributions
to Arizona's economy and to the education, health and well-being of its citizens
through sharing university-based research with communities."

Arizona Cooperative Extension's robust program for leveraging federal and state
funding allocations has produced a threefold return on investment, with the
program successfully bringing in grants and funds from external sources.

Arizona Cooperative Extension accounts for 36 to 40 percent of all College of
Agriculture and Life Sciences grants and contracts, and in 2013 the program
engaged about 20,000 volunteers across Arizona and enrolled nearly 200,000 youth
in Cooperative Extension programs.

At the celebration, Silvertooth announced a recent allocation of an additional
$3.5 million to Cooperative Extension by the Arizona Legislature.

"President (Ann Weaver) Hart recognized the value of Cooperative Extension to
connect with the people of the state and took that as one of her initiatives to
the Arizona Board of Regents. Now we have the opportunity to move this
organization forward in a very positive and constructive manner in the coming
years," Silvertooth said.

"We take on the big issues," noted keynote speaker Gerry Bohmfalk, former
president and former member of the board of directors of Project CENTRL, an
initiative of UA Cooperative Extension aimed at promoting rural leadership.
Bohmfalk highlighted some of Cooperative Extension's many community-centered
achievements. "We've got to keep this going," he said.

Nationally acclaimed local Tucson artist Diana Madaras, owner of two art
galleries in Tucson and president of the nonprofit Art for Animals Foundation,
presented Arizona Cooperative Extension with a commemorative centennial painting
made possible by a donation from the Stanford Family Memorial.

"Cooperative Extension has woven through all of our lives," said Madaras, who is
a UA alum and former 4-H participant. "It's an honor to be asked to create this
painting."

The event concluded with special recognition and presentation of a plaque by
Silvertooth to a select group of honorees who have made unique and outstanding
contributions to Cooperative Extension in past years.

"Extension still is a critical and fundamental component of our land-grant
system," Silvertooth said. "We're bringing the University to all sectors of the
state, and we're bringing science to bear on practical problems that we all
face."

"We're not celebrating an ending," Bohmfalk said. "We're celebrating a party
that's going to go on and last another one hundred years and beyond."

The celebration was the second of four events that will commemorate Cooperative
Extension's centennial. A northern Arizona centennial event will be held at the
V Bar V Ranch in Yavapai County on July 24, and "Celebrating the Past,
Envisioning the Future - Centennial Event" will be held in Phoenix on Oct. 4.
Visit extension.arizona.edu/centennial for more information about these events.

For more information please visit: http://www.arizona.edu

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Arizona Capitol Times

                               September 21, 2007

Arizona's economy: cause for concern?

BYLINE: Don Harris

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1532  words


Despite some doomsday headlines and a mortgage crunch, Arizona's economy is in
good shape.

That's the view of Kent Ennis, new deputy director of the Arizona Department of
Commerce and a former senior economist with the Joint Legislative Budget
Committee (JLBC).

"It certainly is an area for concern - it's creating a lot of concern," Ennis
says. "I think the reality is it's not as big a problem as a lot of the press is
making it out to be. The sub prime market is relatively small in the financial
sector. It's just getting a lot of headlines.

"That's not to say we shouldn't be concerned about it, but I think those who are
creditworthy are still going to get loans. I think it's going to take at least a
year to work through this. But I don't see it as a cataclysm. "

On the day that Ennis was interviewed, the news broke that First National
Mortgage was laying off 541 employees and Chase had planned to let 450 go. And
that was before the governor unveiled a plan to head off a projected $600
million budget shortfall.

Ennis, who spent 12 years as senior economist with JLBC, explains his economic
analysis: "A number of these mortgage shops that are closing have had their
lenders get panicky and pull their funding.

"Some of them [mortgage firms] probably have been good shops, good
organizations, that had to temporarily suspend business. When times were good, a
lot of these organizations added people and were doing things that they can't
support when times slow down. That doesn't mean that the economy's crashing. "

Economy is strong

What it means, he says, is that the economy is strong.

"The financial sector is only 20 percent of the economy," Ennis says. "The other
80 percent, the part that you and I live in, is still in good shape. Corporate
earnings are good and Arizona's unemployment rate is near a record low, even
with the housing slowdown. "

Ennis, who has been heading the research division at Commerce and assisting in
finance and investment programs since joining the agency in January 2006,
doesn't see what the state can do to give the economy a boost. "With the
limitations of state influence over the financial markets, I don't know that
there's much the state can do from a regulatory point of view," he says. "I
think it's just something that we're going to have to watch and see how it may
affect the economy. "

Revenue, budget woes

He adds quickly: "And that may affect state revenues and the budget. At the
moment, we've come off such fantastic three or four years that some slowdown,
flattening out if you will, was going to be expected anyway. "

Do various state incentives have much of an impact in aiding economic
development, and does Ennis think legislation should be enacted to control tax
incentives offered by cities trying to lure retail development?

Ennis says Gov. Janet Napolitano and the Commerce Department have taken no
position on city tax incentives. "I think it's a question of fairness and
equity," he says. "There are arguments pro and con and we haven't weighed in on
that. "

State incentives: a matter of cost vs. benefit

Regarding state incentives, Ennis says, "The Legislature creates its own
incentives and we manage a great number of the state tax programs for
businesses. It's believed that these incentives are helpful to the economy. And
the cities have their own plans for incentives and presumably they believe that
that's beneficial too. As always, is the benefit greater than the cost?"

The Commerce Department manages a litany of state incentives, including funds
for job training, small business tax credits, infrastructure improvements, solar
tax credits, motion picture production incentives, and research and development
income tax credits. They're all part of the agency's mission of economic
development, job creation, business development, and community assistance.

Ennis cites the Commerce and Economic Development Commission (CEDC) as a key
economic tool. Established in 1989, CEDC is the state's strategic economic
research and initiatives entity, headed by the Commerce Department director. It
is responsible for developing the state's 10-year economic strategy that focuses
on high-quality, high paying jobs, and it administers the CEDC Fund, which
provides money to support economic development. Funded through the Arizona
Lottery, the CEDC receives 21.5 percent of two scratch games.

One of the CEDC's recent projects involved funding for the feasibility and
organizational planning for the Translational Genomics Research Institute (TGen)
in downtown Phoenix.

Attracting foreign investment to Arizona

Ennis touches on foreign trade and efforts to promote direct foreign investment
in Arizona. "Foreign companies are an increasingly important area of the
economy," he says. "They pay significantly higher wages than the average, and
we're trying to attract as many as we can from Asia, Europe and South America. "

Working through contractors who specialize in business development, Arizona
maintains foreign trade offices in the United Kingdom, Mexico and Taiwan, and is
developing a relationship with Japan, Ennis says. The department assists small
and medium sized Arizona companies with exporting, and helps market Arizona to
foreign companies as an excellent location for expansion.

"We cover China through Taiwan" he says. "China is very important. "

Ennis was asked about a Milken Institute report that shows Arizona as the 28th
most expensive state in which to do business. The index measures costs related
to wages, taxes, electricity and industrial and office space. Arizona's overall
score was 91.6, with 100 considered the national average.

"I think it shows we're in the middle if we're ranked 28th, but I think among
Western states and major cities in Western states, this doesn't show the fact
that we're a very competitive place cost-wise," Ennis says. "I think we're very
competitive with our neighbors. "

Ennis declines to speculate on the economic impact of efforts to curb illegal
immigration. "I don't think we have seen an economic analysis that we would call
definitive on that," he says, "so I'll pass on making a judgment. Clearly they
[illegal immigrants] play a large role in our economy, but what the impact of a
so-called crackdown might be, we don't know yet. "

Record year at Rural Development Conference

A key focus of the Commerce Department, Ennis says, is rural economic
development. In August, Commerce and the Arizona Association for Economic
Development sponsored the 33rd Rural Development Conference in Oro Valley, which
attracted a record of 700 attendees.

"We have a lot going on," Ennis says. "We have regional representatives who
travel the state to promote business in rural areas and to promote the business
incentives that we have. "

He mentions several programs specifically geared toward rural development, such
as the Main Street Program, which helps communities revitalize downtown business
districts through workshops, and technical and design assistance; and the Rural
Economic Development Initiative (REDI), which helps communities lure capital
investment, analyzes and determines strategies, and provides matching grants for
studies and economic development tools.

Key economic challenges facing rural communities, Ennis says, are having an
opportunity to tell their story and infrastructure improvements. The Economic
Strength Project program, in cooperation with the Arizona Department of
Transportation, offers grants for road construction projects based on the
economic impact of the jobs created or retained and the capital investment made
in the community.

Ennis believes light rail will have a positive impact on the local economy,
particularly on downtown Phoenix and areas that the system will serve. Some
businesses have been hurt by construction of light rail, but he sees long-term
benefits.

"It will necessitate time for new equilibrium for businesses around light rail
and rail stops, but there is no doubt that it will happen," Ennis says.

Light rail, downtown development 'all positive'

He points to Portland, Ore., Atlanta and Dallas as examples of cities where rail
service has created vibrant areas and new business corridors. He is equally
enthused about the Phoenix downtown development, including Arizona State
University, the Convention Center and a new high rise hotel.

"It's all positive - it's a remarkable growth spurt and will contribute to the
revitalization of downtown," he says.

Ennis' background includes stints with an engineering firm, where he was the
senior economist in charge of water resources in the Western United States, and
as economist in the state Comptroller's Office in Austin, Texas. There he worked
on budget and financing issues, including supervision of the successful
completion of a statewide bond database of more than 9,500 state, regional, and
local government bond issues.

He has an undergraduate degree in economics from University of Texas, and a
master's degree from the London School of Economics.

Ennis intends to "continue the governor's plan and initiative about developing
new innovation and technology through enhanced educational opportunities. "

"The future," he says, "clearly will belong to the best educated workforce. "


LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                            March 2, 2011 Wednesday

Khalifa Fund to boost emiratisation drive

LENGTH: 599 words


The Khalifa Fund for Emiratisation Empowerment is the best national initiative
for empowering Emiratisation in the private sector.

According to Ahmad Humaid Al Tayer, head of the Human Resources Development
Committee of the financial and banking sector, the fund, established by the
President His Highness Shaikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, offers subsidies to
private companies to encourage them to hire and keep Emirati employees, who will
also receive increments to bring their wages on par with scales offered in the
public sector.

The new institution aims to provide financial resources necessary to support
programmes and policies for encouraging UAE citizens to enter the private sector
labour market, help them to seize job opportunities the private sector offers,
and secure required funds for delivering a package of rewards towards achieving
that end.

"It is one of the best initiatives to enable Emiratisation and will eliminate
the weak excuses for not hiring Emiratis in the private sector," Al Tayer told
Gulf News daily.

He added that privileges envisaged by the initiative would create better job
opportunities for Emiratis in the labour market and also encourage them to
remain in the labour market.

"This initiative will grant Emiratis a peaceful, professional and social
settlement, and stability," Al Tayer said.

Al Tayer called on both employers and Emirati jobseekers to derive maximum
benefit from the scheme. "The financial resources offered by this initiative
would be sufficient incentive for Emiratis to follow training programmes that
enable them to stand competent in the labour market."

He said he is expecting a remarkable increase in the number of Emiratis seeking
employment as the door is now open for Emiratis in all job sectors.

Al Tayer expressed the hope that employers would respond positively to the
initiative since the obstacle they faced in terms of payment to national
employees had been addressed.

Saqr Gobash Saeed Gobash, Minister of Labour, in a statement said Khalifa Fund
for Emiratisation Empowerment, which embodies a strategic partnership between
the private and public sectors, will strengthen the Emirati workforce in the
private sector and help build the knowledge-based economy.

The Fund will use its financial resources to advance policies and programmes
aimed at creating new jobs at the local and federal levels, supporting and
financing small and medium scale enterprises, and financing university
specialisations that cater for requirements of the local labour market.

It will act as a key contributing mechanism to leverage participation of
citizens and develop the social welfare concept into a new one that enables able
social assistance recipients to become a productive force contributing to the
growth of the national economy. It will also serve as a mechanism for
facilitating success of Emiratisation policy and programmes and increasing the
share of small size businesses owned by UAE citizens in a way the generates more
job opportunities.

Dr Abdul Rahman Al Awar, Director General of the Federal Authority for
Government Human Resources, said the fund is an excellent initiative that
matches the Marriage Fund and the Zayed Housing Programme in terms of its social
and economic impact.

"With the fund allowing private companies to match the salaries offered by the
public sector, these companies have no excuses and must take the initiative to
lure Emirati staff," Dr Al Awar said, stressing that closing the wage gap
between the public and private sectors removed a major barrier that kept
Emiratis from looking beyond government jobs.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2011 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

World Bank hails G20 leaders' commitment to combat Ebola

LENGTH: 354  words


World Bank President Jim Yong Kim on Saturday welcomed the call to action on
Ebola by leaders of the Group of 20 of the world's largest developed countries
and emerging economies.

BRISBANE, Australia - World Bank President Jim Yong Kim on Saturday welcomed the
call to action on Ebola by leaders of the Group of 20 of the world's largest
developed countries and emerging economies.

"This is an important commitment to combat Ebola and address the terrible human
and economic impact of the outbreak in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone," the
president said on the sidelines of the G20 leaders summit held here.

G20 leaders issued a statement Saturday pledging to fight the Ebola pandemic,
which has evolved from a health issue to an economic one. "G20 members are
committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international effort can
extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and humanitarian
costs," the statement said.

The statement came as the latest Ebola epidemic has killed more than 5,000
people mainly in the Western African region, and has since spread to the United
States and Europe.

"The G20 leaders' statement is a clear signal to the global community that we
must now unite, and in partnership muster all available resources to fight Ebola
at its source to save lives and prevent its spread," the World Bank president
said in a statement.

"We also welcome the G20 leaders' call for the World Bank Group to explore new
flexible mechanisms to deal with the economic impact of future comparable
crises," read the statement, adding the bank is exploring a global pandemic
facility that could use insurance and other market mechanisms to make resources
immediately available and more broadly share costs and risks.

In their statement, the world leaders urged the World Bank and International
Monetary Fund to continue their strong support for the affected countries, and
welcomed the IMF's initiative to make available a further 300 million U.S.
dollars to stem the Ebola outbreak and ease pressures on Guinea, Liberia and
Sierra Leone, through a combination of concessional loans, debt relief, and
grants.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        July 13, 2012 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Innovate Washington Adds Key Talent to Clean Energy Sector Work

LENGTH: 328  words


New Delhi, July 13 -- Innovate Washington is expanding its clean energy sector
expertise with the addition of Jules Bailey as Regional Director of Innovate
Northwest.

Innovate Northwest is a regional initiative that accelerates the growth of the
region's clean tech economy. Bailey guides Innovate Washington's work to create
platforms for projects that create the necessary channels and certainty for
private capital to invest at scale. He also coordinates Innovate Washington's
work convening the sustainable aviation biofuels work group and executing the i6
Green Challenge grant.

Jay Manning, partner with Cascadia Law Group noted, "I have worked with Jules on
complex, industry-shaping energy issues in the past and I am certain he is the
right person for the job." The former chief of staff for Gov. Chris Gregoire and
director of the state Department of Ecology said, "I look forward to working
with Jules and the Innovate Washington team to continue our region's leadership
role in the development of clean energy solutions that are globally
competitive."

Bailey brings broad knowledge and experience in the clean energy sector to his
new role. He was most recently the founder and principal of Pareto Global, an
economic consulting practice specializing in clean energy financing, policy
development, economic impact analysis, and stakeholder integration.
Additionally, he was senior policy analyst at ECONorthwest. As a Clean Economy
Development Center National Fellow, Jules has helped craft clean energy projects
around the nation.

Bailey serves on the boards of the U.S. Green Building Council 50 for 50 Green
Schools Caucus Initiative, the Coalition of Legislators for Energy Action Now,
Oregon Hanford Cleanup and the National Advisory Board for the Journal of
Environmental Law. As an Oregon state legislator, he has championed multiple
pieces of bi-partisan advanced energy legislation and presently co-chairs the
House Energy Environment and Water committee.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                August 03, 2009
                              The Exporter Edition

Emigrants to boost home economies

BYLINE: ANNA-MARIE SMITH

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 848  words


Emigrants to boost home economies

Finance available for US-based Africans to start businesses in their countries
of origin

AFRICAN Diaspora Marketplace, a business-development programme that aims to
encourage trade by supporting the US-based African diaspora in creating plans
for sustainable start-up businesses in sub-Saharan Africa, was launched in the
US last month.

The programme, a joint venture by the US Agency for International Development
(USAid), global payments network Western Union and pan-African bank, will
provide grant funding to 10 to 20 small and medium-sized businesses with the
best proposals for boosting economic opportunity and creating jobs in
sub-Saharan Africa through diaspora-driven development.

The initiative hopes to demonstrate the impact that entrepreneurs from the
world's diaspora or migrant communities can have on development in their home
countries. A spokesman said the level of support provided to participants, and
the role that support may play in the development of each enterprise, would be
monitored throughout the programme. This research would help to identify best
practices regarding the support needed to help small businesses thrive in
developing markets.

Proposals must be implemented in a sub-Saharan African country where USAid has
on-the-ground presence and potential technical assistance programmes for
entrepreneurs. These criteria cover Angola, Burundi, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya,
Liberia, Malawi, Mali, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Senegal, Sierra
Leone, SA, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia.

To participate and qualify for grant funding of between $50000 and $100000,
candidates must be members of the sub-Saharan African diaspora living in the US
as either citizens or permanent residents, and have a viable local partner in
the country of implementation.

A selection committee will review initial proposals and identify qualifying
applicants who will be requested to submit a comprehensive business plan for
evaluation. To promote success and ensure comparability among submissions,
finalists will be provided with guidance and technical assistance in developing
their business plans.

Finalists will be connected with a full range of business tools and resources,
including credit and debt markets, to increase the number of enterprises that
can be brought to life, regardless of whether they are selected for grant
funding.

Finalists will be invited to a two-day networking conference in Washington,
where they will present their completed business plans before a review panel
consisting of business experts and leaders from the diaspora community, USAid,
other development institutions and private-sector companies. The panel will
evaluate final business plans and select grant recipients based on criteria that
include the business idea and management framework, prospects for
sustainability, capacity to leverage diaspora resources and results orientation.

Following the two-round review and selection process, 10 to 20 qualifying
entrepreneurs will be awarded grants to support the execution of their business
plans. These will be awarded from the initial grant pool of nearly $1,5m,
financed jointly by USAid, the Western Union Company and the Western Union
Foundation, as well as through Western Union Agent Giving Circles. An Agent
Giving Circle, featuring Ecobank Transnational Incorporated in Africa and Irv
Barr Management in the US, has contributed $250000 to support the initiative.

The spokesman said African Diaspora Marketplace would facilitate access to
technical assistance, capacity building and information on a range of financing
options for all finalists.

Alonzo Fulgham, acting USAid administrator, said the reason the African diaspora
was being targeted was that it had unique insights into its home countries and
the motivation to encourage direct investment in Africa.

"This is an exceptional opportunity for African diaspora in the US to help
alleviate the disparities surrounding Africa's economic situation. Harnessing
the strength of this population, estimated at 1,4-million strong, is critical to
reducing poverty in Africa."

Christina Gold, Western Union CEO, said the model of collaboration between the
corporate, government and nonprofit sectors would encourage entrepreneurial
solutions that create jobs and opportunity.

"Western Union supports migrants' investment in their home countries and also
helps to power the world economy through our business model. Through this
programme we can leverage Western Union's expertise on migration trends and our
vast network and resources to help create lasting social and economic impact."

Arnold Ekpe, group CEO of Ecobank Transnational Incorporated, said: "For us, the
African Diaspora Marketplace is consistent with our objective of reaching out to
the millions of Africans resident abroad and encouraging their investment in
Africa's future."

African Diaspora Marketplace is a business plan competition designed to support
the entrepreneurial spirit and resources of the US-based African diaspora
community to promote economic development in Sub-Saharan Africa

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           February 13, 2007 Tuesday

Colleges lobby for research;
University presidents tell a House panel of experiments under way, and money
needed

BYLINE: WALTER C. JONES

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 394 words


ATLANTA - Lawmakers got a short overview Monday of the varied research being
conducted by the state's largest universities and a pitch from each for more
money.

About a dozen legislators attended the hourlong briefing organized by Rep. Bob
Smith, R-Watkinsville. Smith, chairman of the Higher Education Subcommittee of
the House Appropriations Committee, wanted to let his colleagues in the rest of
the House hear what his subcommittee has heard during budget briefings.

"We've heard these guys talking, and it was 'wow,' " he said.

Each university's president took turns giving a rundown on the amount of
research funding and some of the more-exotic experiments under way. While none
announced any new initiatives Monday, all thanked the legislators for the
appropriations that have helped build labs, pay professors and matched more than
$2 billion in federal and private research grants.

At the University of Georgia, for example, the state has gotten back as much as
$7 in economic impact for every $1 its taxpayers have put into the school's
1,000 or so ongoing research projects, according to Michael Adams, UGa
president. Many of those projects target the state's largest industries, such as
poultry, and those with the greatest economic potential, such as biofuels, he
said.

But, he also took the moment before the legislators to get in a little lobbying
about professors' salaries.

"We've not made up the ground we lost in the '03 and '04 recessionary years.
These are the kinds of people that everybody in the country is coming after and
trying to recruit," he said.

At the Medical College of Georgia, research dollars from federal and private
sources have grown significantly in the past five years for the different
diseases, from 200 percent for cancer to 986 percent for diabetes. He noted that
scientists in Augusta were looking into genetic causes of cancer, strokes and
diabetes with an eye toward prevention or crafting personalized treatments that
would have fewer side effects.

He also made a pitch for more funding, in his case for more laboratory space.

Georgia Tech President Wayne Clough wrapped up his presentation talking about
his wish for higher tuition.

"I know Georgia and Georgia Tech are frequently identified as 'best values.'
We'd like to be a little less of a 'best value' from time to time," he said.

walter.jones@morris.com, (404) 589-8424

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
WALTER C. JONES/Morris News Service Dan Rahn (above, from left), president of
the Medical College of Georgia, Rep. Bill Hembree, R-Winston, chairman of the
House Higher Education Committee, Rep. Bob Smith, R-Watkinsville, chairman of
the High Education Subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee, and
Georgia State University President Carl Patton listen Monday during
presentations on research being conducted at the state's largest universities.
Rahn (below) spoke of activities at the Medical College of Georgia, where
research dollars from federal and private sources have grown significantly in
the past five years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 March 4, 2013

Economic development deals need to benefit all sides

LENGTH: 770 words


Economic development deals need to benefit all sides

In a time when state and local officials make economic development announcements
every day, an increasingly common question is, "How does this benefit me?"

For the company receiving incentives, that answer is easy enough; whether it be
tax credits or a training grant, they receive some form of financial support.
But, what about state and local government, and the public at large-what's in it
for them?

As this question comes up more and more, state and local governments have sought
to better quantify the benefits of these deals and portray this benefit to the
public. This evolution is a good thing for everyone affected by the process.

Some benefits are easy to quantify. Each job created can be counted. Everyone
agrees that the creation of jobs benefits the economy. And for each job created,
a certain amount in state and local income tax will be generated.

When a company buys equipment, it will pay state sales tax. There will also be
property tax expense on the company's real estate, regardless of whether it
leases or owns the building.

These taxes add up to a total amount that can be tangibly identified.

Beyond the simple adding and subtracting of tax benefits, state and local
governments are able to estimate payoff on economic development projects in a
more macro fashion. They do this in a lot of ways.

Many communities subscribe to software programs that estimate total economic
impact of these projects, or they may pay a third-party economist to do the
analysis.

These resources project spending, jobs, tax dollars and other positive economic
impacts that a new project will support and create.

Some localities have begun to ask more specific questions about where current
and future employees reside, as this affects local income taxes allocated to
communities.

Some units of government take it a step further, actually seeking to tie
incentives to the local income tax the company withholds from employees, similar
to what the state has done with its job creation tax credit for many years to
ensure the incentives are performance-based and self-policing.

Other benefits may include a project's serving as an impetus to a dormant
redevelopment area, or expanding a community's or state's penetration within a
particular industry. Some projects also may have a multiplier effect, serving as
anchors or attracting suppliers and related businesses within a given proximity.

Then there is the question of civic involvement by the company. Companies often
will be asked how they intend to interact with and give back to the community at
large. More and more, localities are seeking specific commitments, whether
participating in the United Way, joining the local chamber of commerce or
sponsoring a summer internship program through a local community college.

These softer forms of public-private partnerships can be dismissed as too
touchy-feely, but the fact is that such involvement can be vitally important for
the long-term good of a community and its efforts to promote a better quality of
life.

A prime example of this was the fundraising initiative by area businesses to
land the 2012 Super Bowl. The corporate philanthropic spirit that intervened to
support this effort was rooted in a public-private partnership model that
includes groundwork laid by a strong economic development infrastructure.

By fostering this sense of civic readiness in companies, whether it be in
recognition of economic development support for a project or just general
interaction with like-minded businesses, central Indiana strengthens its
foundation for similar future successes.

In recent years, some economic development deals have become more complex,
employing less-often-used incentives like tax increment finance and similar bond
devices. As a deal increases in complexity, the level of scrutiny increases with
it, and that, too, is a good thing.

These tools will continue to play a positive role in the economy only if they
consistently produce winning projects and provide reliable security to state and
local government for the incentives they employ.

Economic development deals need to pay for themselves as well as provide the
opportunity for greater benefits to come. The better job that company officials
and officeholders do in educating the public about the return on investment
potential of these deals, the more equipped the public will be to appreciate the
need to promote support for economic development projects in their communities.

*

Cook is the partner in charge of Katz Sapper & Miller's State and Local Tax
Practice. Views expressed here are the author's.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 26, 2009 Saturday

Endorsement could 'open a can of worms': City resident critical of Planning and
Zoning Commission's backing of U.S. Route 220 project

BYLINE: Kevin Spradlin, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 661 words


Sep. 26--CUMBERLAND -- A city man said it didn't seem right for the Allegany
County Planning and Zoning Commission to endorse an initiative by a private
organization, no matter how good the project might be.

Ron Hampton, of Cumberland, spoke during the commission's public meeting
Wednesday and told Chairman Bill DuVall that signing off on The Greater
Cumberland Committee's effort to pursue funding for the various studies and
eventual construction of upgrades to U.S. Route 220 from Interstate 68 to the
West Virginia line could "open a can of worms."

The commission's favorable review of this project will likely elicit more
requests for endorsement, Hampton said, and "the commission is eventually going
to say 'no'" to other requests.

That would begin a debate of what's fair game for the members to consider and
what is not.

Hampton also suggested it's not within the scope of the commission's charge to
endorse the project.

Commission counsel Wes McKee disagreed. McKee made it clear any vote was to
consider endorsing the initiative and not the organization itself.

DuVall noted he has joined nearly 90 other individuals and organizations
supporting the initiative as a representative of the Western Maryland Building
and Construction Trades Council.

DuVall has called the project "vitally important" to the area's economic
development.

Commission member Ted Robinette agreed.

"We do need the north/south (upgrades) put in," Robinette said.

Planning Coordinator Phil Hager said the upgrades are "critically important to
us" regarding future planning efforts, including two subsections of the county's
comprehensive plan.

Without knowing which, if any, of the five proposed alignments are preferred,
Hager said, it's difficult to know how to properly plan for future growth along
the highway.

The commission voted 6-0 to pass a resolution endorsing the project, for which
Gov. Martin O'Malley recently restored $750,000 for a draft economic impact
study.

The way Hampton sees it spending $750,000 on a portion of a study for U.S. 220
doesn't make much sense. The union carpenter said he's not sure what to do other
than seek more information about such studies.

"I don't know if I'm in favor of building it or not," Hampton said of the
project intended to increase traffic capacity and facilitate economic growth
between Allegany County and Scherr, W.Va., in Grant County. "There's always a
great big cost with all these studies."

The $750,000 is Maryland's portion of funding for a draft environmental impact
study which, with West Virginia's funding, will help determine which of five
proposed alignments for the future U.S. 220 is best. The study is preliminary to
the final EIS, which must be completed to obtain federal approval for the
project.

It's a lot of money, Hampton said, "and we're supposed to be in a crisis."

Approximately $470,000 has been spent on project planning, according to
information provided to Hampton by the State Highway Administration. A total of
$1.2 million is budgeted for planning.

On top of that, $150.9 million is planned for final design, $50 million for
right of way acquisition and, finally, $1 billion for construction of the
Maryland portion from I-68 to the West Virginia line.

Hampton said he's unsure what to do except, perhaps, to travel to other
communities and see if they're upset about the cost of studies.

"The only tool Iâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]have is to somehow get people in other states
roused up,"â[#x20ac][#x2c6]Hampton said. "What you gotta do (is) start to get
people thinking."

Contact Kevin Spradlin at kspradlin@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090926-UM-Endorsement-could-open-a-can-of-worms-0926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2009


                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 18, 2011

HUD Budget Cuts Would Eliminate HECM Counseling

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21 Vol. 35 No. 29

LENGTH: 726  words


A pilot program designed to avoid Home Equity Conversion Mortgage delinquencies
is gaining track among seniors in need of help at about the same time pending
legislation calls for cuts of all funding for federally mandated reverse
mortgage counseling.

The FY 2011 Continuing Appropriations Act (H.R. 1473)-scheduled to pass Congress
in mid-April-would eliminate $88 million in HECM counseling funds.

And according to insiders it is bad timing because this year HECM delinquencies
are on an upward trend. About 30,000 seniors age 62 and older or 5% of all HECM
holders who tapped into their home equity but did not vacate the property are
now delinquent.

Helene Raynaud, a spokesperson for the National Foundation for Credit
Counseling, which is one of only eight HECM counseling agencies that share the
grant funds, told this publication in cooperation with HUD the agencies are
addressing the problem proactively. Long-term counseling is critical for people
who have suffered a major economic impact due to the crisis, she said.

Barbara Stucki, vice president of home equity initiatives at the National
Council on Aging-another agency that will be impacted by the cuts-called the new
budget proposal "a major setback" that increases the financial vulnerability of
elderly.

The HECM program was seen as a lifesaver until excessive home price declines
thwarted hopes to see a HECM market boom. However, there was enough demand from
seniors who lost financial resources to the crisis.

Earlier this year the Department of Housing and Urban Development designated an
additional $3 million to come to the rescue of reverse mortgage borrowers at
risk of foreclosure because they cannot afford to pay or have fallen behind on
their property charges. Existing funds were used to comply with the mandatory
counseling requirement that applies to all qualifying borrowers before they
receive a HECM.

The loss mitigation counseling program was launched by January, but borrower
awareness and response to the pilot program started to pick up late in February
and early March, Raynaud said. "Now we're seeing much more activity."

HUD has placed an April 29 deadline on servicers mandating they notify by letter
all HECM borrowers who are delinquent on their real estate taxes, property
insurance, or any other property charges or special assessments such as
condominium fees and homeowner's association dues.

Since HUD regulations contain specific requirements governing the payment of
property charges by the mortgagor, the program provides additional loss
mitigation options to the borrowers whose mortgage is delinquent due to unpaid
property charges. It connects these borrowers with certified HECM and loss
mitigation housing counselors free of charge.

Foreclosure is the last option in a program that was carefully designed "with
the reputational risk in mind," she said, and all options are reviewed to ensure
borrowers receive a social benefits' analysis. NFCC has recruited 25 of its most
qualified HECM and loss mitigation counselors from 14 different member agencies
across the country. Homeowners who have been notified of their delinquency
status by the servicer and those who are not able to pay their property charges
can access these counselors dialing a toll-free number.

The lack of affordable senior housing is a long-standing problem, but according
to customer advocacy groups the problem is growing more acute.

NCA reported that for every unit of federal housing assistance that becomes
available, 10 seniors are on waiting lists. Meanwhile the number of homeless
seniors continues to increase, NCA said, quoting survey findings that show 1.3
million elders have worst-case housing needs with one in three seniors being
economically insecure because they live on annual incomes of less than $22,000.

These data coupled with the slow economic recovery suggest that after a HECM
foreclosure the future of retired homeowners who as a rule are more secured
financially than their peers of lesser means is also threatened by proposed
federal budget cuts that drastically reduce affordable housing and part-time job
options for seniors.

Jim Firman, president and CEO of the council, recently urged Congress and the
Obama administration to make investments in jobs and housing programs for older
Americans "who are just one bad break away from bankruptcy and homelessness."

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                          September 10, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

CENTRAL TEXAS DIGEST

BYLINE: Compiled from staff reports

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 872 words


GEORGETOWN

Stimulus cash for propane firm

The U.S. Department of Energy awarded $12.9 million in stimulus money to
Georgetown-based propane technology company CleanFUEL USA , the company said
Wednesday.

The money will pay for more than 100 liquid propane refueling stations across
the U.S., including Austin. The propane network will provide retail consumers as
well as municipal, state and private fleets greater access to propane, which
CleanFUEL says burns more cleanly than conventional gasoline.

The department estimates that the initiative will provide the equivalent of more
than 3 million gallons of petroleum annually. There are more than 300,000
propane-powered cars and trucks on the road in the United States, according to
the company.

WILLIAMSON COUNTY

Guilty plea in infant son's death

A Hutto man accused of killing his 2-month-old son last year pleaded guilty
Wednesday to injury to a child and was sentenced to 25 years in prison as part
of a plea deal with prosecutors.

Joshua Thomas Swain , 20 , had been charged with capital murder, which carries a
penalty of up to life in prison or the death penalty. His case was scheduled to
go before a jury next week.

Instead, Swain pleaded guilty to first-degree injury to a child, a felony that
carries a punishment of up to life in prison.

Swain was accused of violently shaking his infant son, Jason Michael Swain , in
March 2008 at his home. The child was taken to Dell Children's Medical Center in
Austin, where doctors found that he had no brain activity and trauma consistent
with shaking. The baby was later removed from life support, and the father was
arrested, according to an arrest affidavit. During an interview with police,
Swain said he shook his son because he had become angry with him, and he
demonstrated how he did it, the affidavit said.

Swain must serve half of his sentence before he will be eligible for parole,
Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley said.

TRAVIS COUNTY

Driver dies in rollover

A Manor woman died Wednesday afternoon when her GMC Jimmy SUV rolled over on
Decker Lake Road in Travis County, according to Department of Public Safety
officials.

Linda Diana Cox, 58, died at the scene. Cox had overcorrected the steering on
her vehicle after leaving the eastbound lane, according to the DPS report.

AUSTIN

Man sentenced for hurting child

A judge in Travis County sentenced a 19-year-old man Wednesday to six years in
prison for shooting his 1-year-old daughter in the foot last year.

Paul Estevan Rodriguez pleaded guilty in April to third-degree injury to a
child, a felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison. He left his punishment
to state District Judge Charlie Baird.

The shooting, in June 2008, happened after the girl's mother, Andrea Milligan,
followed Rodriguez and struck the back of his car with her car, according to an
arrest affidavit. After the collision, at Rogge Lane and Wellington Drive in
Northeast Austin, Rodriguez fired into Milligan's car, striking the infant in
the ankle, the affidavit said. Milligan told police that she had warned
Rodriguez that the baby was in the car.

About three weeks after the shooting, Baird released Rodriguez from jail on
personal bond, despite the objections of prosecutors who called him dangerous
and a flight risk.

UT gets carbon capture grant

The University of Texas will use a $994,702 grant from the U.S. Department of
Energy to help create a skilled work force for the emerging carbon capture and
storage industry and to promote the technology, the university said Wednesday.

Carbon capture and storage is a process that captures carbon dioxide emitted by
power plants and pipes it underground. The carbon dioxide can then be used to
help pump out hard-to-reach oil.

The three-year grant is a portion of the $8.4 million the department recently
awarded to promote carbon capture and storage as part of the stimulus plan.

In August, the department awarded UT's Bureau of Economic Geology just over $3
million for two projects, one to acquire seismic data for areas that could be
used for carbon dioxide storage and another to measure risks of the process.

Long Center impact studied

Long Center for the Performing Arts officials say an economic impact study shows
that the center generates $20 million per year in direct economic impact through
its activities and supports 950 jobs. The report, released Wednesday and
conducted by Michigan firm New Economy Strategies, also shows that Long Center
events generate an additional $18 million in indirect economic impact in the
greater Austin area.

More than 200,000 people attend events at the Long Center each year, the study
showed.

BURNET COUNTY

Drought disaster declared

Burnet County became the latest area to seek state and federal help because of
the drought.

The declaration of disaster, signed Tuesday by County Judge Donna Klaeger, says
Burnet County "has suffered widespread or severe damage, injury, or loss of life
or property resulting from the effects of ongoing drought conditions." The
declaration opens the way for state and federal money and loans for the county's
ranchers and farmers.

Since the beginning of the year, county judges in Caldwell, Hays, Bastrop and
Williamson also have declared their areas drought disaster areas.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

BikeMaine expected to draw 350 cyclists for weeklong ride

BYLINE: Aislinn Sarnacki BDN Staff

LENGTH: 757 words


The third annual BikeMaine, a weeklong ride organized by the Bicycle Coalition
of Maine, is set for Sept. 12-19, and it is expected to be the biggest one yet.
During the 349-mile tour, an estimated 350 cyclists will pedal throughout
southern and western Maine, camping at communities along the way.


"What we're trying to do is develop bicycle tourism in the state and to
economically impact small communities that don't usually get that tourism,"
BikeMaine Ride Director Kim Anderson True said. "We're trying to educate
communities about how to continue to attract cyclists."


Each year, BikeMaine takes riders to different regions of Maine. This year's
host communities, where riders will camp, are Kittery, Old Orchard Beach,
Bridgton, Bethel, Sweden and Kennebunk, respectively. Each day, participants
will pedal an average of 55 miles, with optional 10- to 15-mile loops along the
way for those looking to lengthen the ride.


Registration is nearly full, with only a few slots left as of Aug. 25.


"It's a great opportunity for people to really see how diverse this state is,"
True said. "We start off riding along the sandy coastline, playing on the
beaches of Maine, then ride to a lake region and over to the mountains."


Founded in 2012, BikeMaine is organized by the Bicycle Coalition of Maine -- an
advocacy group made up of the state's most experienced cyclists and cycling
event planners -- with the support of founding sponsors L.L.Bean and Anthem Blue
Cross and Blue Shield in Maine, as well as many other sponsors and partners.


The event was inspired by Cycle Oregon, "The Best Bike Ride in America," which
started in 1988 and today attracts about 2,000 cyclists from all over the world.


"They try to get cycling to places that usually don't see a lot of cyclists and
really celebrate rural communities," Mark Ishkanian, who is on the volunteer
Ride Committee of BikeMaine, said. "This was our opportunity to do an eastern
version."


"The ride will never be as big as Cycle Oregon, which is on the brink of being a
moving city," Ishkanian said. "We're hoping to get closer to 500 riders in the
next few years so that the ride is economically self-sustaining and we can
achieve the goals we've set."


One of the priorities of BikeMaine is to positively impact communities and
organizations involved. Proceeds of the ride go to the Bicycle Coalition of
Maine to improve and strengthen cycling across the state, focusing on those
communities featured the tour.


Each day, a community along the route hosts the riders for lunch. Each night,
another community hosts the riders for dinner, entertainment and camping. Meals
are prepared with high-quality local and seasonal ingredients, and the planned
entertainment includes music, comedy and dance.


"For most of the communities, it's a very sizable fundraiser they put together
without having to worry about attendence," True said. "The communities have been
very appreciative of the fact that the riders are coming through."


"There's nothing quite like riding into a town and having people standing beside
the road clapping and welcoming you wanting to show you their community,"
Ishkanian said.


The inaugural BikeMaine tour was hosted in 2013, and registration was capped off
at 250 riders, which hailed from 37 states and Canadian provinces. The ride
generated an estimated $235,000 in direct economic impact.


The second BikeMaine, held in September 2014, again was limited to 250 riders
and generated an estimated $395,000 in direct economic impact.


"This is the third year of our three-year startup plan," True said. "We
anticipate we'll have the money at the end of this year so that we can start
dispersing in the form of minor grants, giving back to the communities."


These grants will boost communities' biking and walking initiatives, whether its
by funding the painting of bike lanes or helping to get a bike committee up and
running, True said.


This year's BikeMaine costs $925 per participant, and registration cap has been
extended to 350 cyclists.


Each participant will receive three hearty meals a day; course support,
including well-stocked rest stops, maps, a signed route, support vans,
mechanical and medical assistance, and luggage transport; and the BikeMaine
Village, a portable tent city that springs up where the tour stops for the
night. The tent village includes hot showers, restrooms, bike mechanics, medical
tents and a gathering place for cyclists.


And of course, all participants will receive this year's BikeMaine T-shirt.


For information or to register, visit ride.bikemaine.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

BikeMaine expected to draw 350 cyclists for weeklong ride

BYLINE: Aislinn Sarnacki BDN Staff

LENGTH: 757 words


The third annual BikeMaine, a weeklong ride organized by the Bicycle Coalition
of Maine, is set for Sept. 12-19, and it is expected to be the biggest one yet.
During the 349-mile tour, an estimated 350 cyclists will pedal throughout
southern and western Maine, camping at communities along the way.


"What we're trying to do is develop bicycle tourism in the state and to
economically impact small communities that don't usually get that tourism,"
BikeMaine Ride Director Kim Anderson True said. "We're trying to educate
communities about how to continue to attract cyclists."


Each year, BikeMaine takes riders to different regions of Maine. This year's
host communities, where riders will camp, are Kittery, Old Orchard Beach,
Bridgton, Bethel, Sweden and Kennebunk, respectively. Each day, participants
will pedal an average of 55 miles, with optional 10- to 15-mile loops along the
way for those looking to lengthen the ride.


Registration is nearly full, with only a few slots left as of Aug. 25.


"It's a great opportunity for people to really see how diverse this state is,"
True said. "We start off riding along the sandy coastline, playing on the
beaches of Maine, then ride to a lake region and over to the mountains."


Founded in 2012, BikeMaine is organized by the Bicycle Coalition of Maine -- an
advocacy group made up of the state's most experienced cyclists and cycling
event planners -- with the support of founding sponsors L.L.Bean and Anthem Blue
Cross and Blue Shield in Maine, as well as many other sponsors and partners.


The event was inspired by Cycle Oregon, "The Best Bike Ride in America," which
started in 1988 and today attracts about 2,000 cyclists from all over the world.


"They try to get cycling to places that usually don't see a lot of cyclists and
really celebrate rural communities," Mark Ishkanian, who is on the volunteer
Ride Committee of BikeMaine, said. "This was our opportunity to do an eastern
version."


"The ride will never be as big as Cycle Oregon, which is on the brink of being a
moving city," Ishkanian said. "We're hoping to get closer to 500 riders in the
next few years so that the ride is economically self-sustaining and we can
achieve the goals we've set."


One of the priorities of BikeMaine is to positively impact communities and
organizations involved. Proceeds of the ride go to the Bicycle Coalition of
Maine to improve and strengthen cycling across the state, focusing on those
communities featured the tour.


Each day, a community along the route hosts the riders for lunch. Each night,
another community hosts the riders for dinner, entertainment and camping. Meals
are prepared with high-quality local and seasonal ingredients, and the planned
entertainment includes music, comedy and dance.


"For most of the communities, it's a very sizable fundraiser they put together
without having to worry about attendence," True said. "The communities have been
very appreciative of the fact that the riders are coming through."


"There's nothing quite like riding into a town and having people standing beside
the road clapping and welcoming you wanting to show you their community,"
Ishkanian said.


The inaugural BikeMaine tour was hosted in 2013, and registration was capped off
at 250 riders, which hailed from 37 states and Canadian provinces. The ride
generated an estimated $235,000 in direct economic impact.


The second BikeMaine, held in September 2014, again was limited to 250 riders
and generated an estimated $395,000 in direct economic impact.


"This is the third year of our three-year startup plan," True said. "We
anticipate we'll have the money at the end of this year so that we can start
dispersing in the form of minor grants, giving back to the communities."


These grants will boost communities' biking and walking initiatives, whether its
by funding the painting of bike lanes or helping to get a bike committee up and
running, True said.


This year's BikeMaine costs $925 per participant, and registration cap has been
extended to 350 cyclists.


Each participant will receive three hearty meals a day; course support,
including well-stocked rest stops, maps, a signed route, support vans,
mechanical and medical assistance, and luggage transport; and the BikeMaine
Village, a portable tent city that springs up where the tour stops for the
night. The tent village includes hot showers, restrooms, bike mechanics, medical
tents and a gathering place for cyclists.


And of course, all participants will receive this year's BikeMaine T-shirt.


For information or to register, visit ride.bikemaine.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                                January 26, 1999

A vintage port can rise again
 n An initiative to develop Plymouth as a major international destination has
been launched. STEVE GRANT looks at the vision behind the plans and what it
could mean for the city.

SECTION: Pg.6

LENGTH: 437 words


AN INTENSIVE marketing campaign is necessary if Plymouth is to re-emerge as a
thriving international port.

The Port of Plymouth Development Group - a public and private sector partnership
- yesterday revealed its plans to raise the international profile of the
sprawling port.

The new group believes that a well-thought out promotional campaign can
transform Plymouth into a major player in a network of UK distribution ports.

Group chairman Barry Cullum said: "What we are trying to do here is to emphasise
the many facilities there are in this port - many of them under-utilised.

"We also need to keep banging away about the travel and time distance advantages
that we have got over others.

"The port of Poole, 10 to 15 years ago, was nothing. Today, it is a prosperous,
thriving port on the southern coast and that is purely because of marketing."

To aid its campaign, the group will be appointing a full-time port promotions
executive and distributing 2,000 copies of a glossy 33-page Port of Plymouth
Handbook. It is printed in three languages.

It will be launched nationally and sent all over the UK and Europe to chambers
of commerce, freight hauliers, passenger ship companies and companies along the
M5 and M6 corridors.

Fiona Ackroyd, European officer at Plymouth City Council, said it was fully
behind the initiative.

"The city council is very conscious of the fact that any increase in commercial
port activity is going to have an economic impact on the city economy," she
said.

"It is something of a popular misconception that the city council has always
regarded its greatest asset as simply a tourist attraction. Certainly, in terms
of our transport policy, which is in line with the European transport policy, we
do want to see an increase in short sea shipping. We want to ensure businesses
in Devon and Cornwall can actually export from Plymouth and not have to truck
goods all over the country."

The council's commercial investment manager will be joining the group to
investigate possible capital investment in land the city owned, she said.

"We have invested a lot of money in waterfront developments from the tourism
point of view, now it is time to turn our attention to commercial developments,"
she said.

Cornwall and West Plymouth MEP Robin Teverson said the city's maritime interests
had to be united to compete in a highly competitive market.

The Euro MP, who worked in the transport industry for more than 20 years, said:
"There are companies in Estover who export to Europe and send their trucks right
the way up to Dover even if they going to the Iberian peninsula. That cannot be
right."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 1999 Evening Herald


                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                January 28, 2005

Audit Vampire Has Bled Us Dry

BYLINE: Ian Rotherham

SECTION: OPINION; No.1676; Pg.16

LENGTH: 625 words


Society suffers when academics' time is measured in pounds and pence, laments
Ian Rotherham

I hung up the phone after turning down a request to give advice to the regional
environment forum.

I wanted to help this worthwhile conservation project but could find the time
only if they paid me. Without a fee, my workload wouldn't bear it.

With my experience of environmental, planning and conservation issues, I should
be playing a role in such hugely important, voluntary activities.

Indeed, in the Eighties, friends and colleagues at the Sheffield universities
pretty much drove the regional environmental agenda.

They had the time - I do not.

My research into the economic impact and value of social and environmental
projects, and my experience working for consultancies, local government and
voluntary bodies, has given me a good understanding of the need for careful
resource management and accountability.

The Pounds 100,000 I generate for my university every year from "hard"
consultancy, as opposed to "soft" research grants, pays my way.

Driven by audits, indicators and bottom lines, universities, like all public
services, scrutinise the costs, value for money and benefits of every
initiative.

But the education accountants ignore those costs and benefits that have no
easily calculable price.

At community level, the mutual synergies of town and gown fuel a vibrant
intellectual and social life. Universities support and advise local groups and
organisations, local authorities and government agencies. Sheffield's
conservation, heritage and community projects were established and backed by
academics and are today worth millions of pounds.

Senior university staff have headed funding bids for inner-city regeneration,
set up wildlife trusts and restored heritage parks and botanical gardens free of
charge. Others are appointed to the committees of the Peak District National
Park. Politicians and the media also get free help.

But this true value of the university is taken for granted. When advice is
withdrawn or if it is no longer given for free, that's when the grumbling
begins.

Financial constraints and a more competitive research environment mean greater
workloads, spiralling administration and high prices placed on academics' time.
We do not have the time to indulge in voluntary work.

As we lose the capacity to give freely, the projects, organisations and good
causes we would have liked to have helped lose out and the cultural lifeblood is
diminished.

Few worthy causes such as local community groups or wildlife trusts can afford
to pay my fee of Pounds 550 to Pounds 1,000 a day, which is based on real costs
plus university overheads.

I have been approached over plans to restore and manage unique ancient woodland.

Because I have been unable to get involved, ancient trees have been felled,
badger setts destroyed, a historic building demolished and grant aid and other
advantages missed.

When academe engages with the community such activities add value and quality of
life to a city. But unpriced they are unvalued by universities and the
Government.

The massive contribution that higher education institutions can make to local
communities, beyond their obvious economic impact, is becoming difficult.

This is the brave new university world, accountant-driven and audited.

If we want to restore our role in the broader society, we need to value
education for more than just its price. Perhaps if we were allowed to devote
just 5 per cent of our time and resources to our local community, everyone would
benefit.

Ian D. Rotherham is a reader in the Tourism Leisure and Environmental Change
Research Unit at Sheffield Hallam University.


LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2005 TSL Education Limited


                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 8, 2011 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Grant to aid OCU research on genetic traits of grapes

BYLINE: VALLERY BROWN, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE EAST; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 322 words


From wine to juice, fresh to raisin, Oklahoma City University students will be
homing in on what makes a great grape and contributing to research that helps
develop future generations of the fruit.

OCU has been awarded a $180,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
National Institute for Food and Agriculture Specialty Crops Research Initiative.

Cornell University in New York is the recipient of the overall $9 million grant.

A team of 25 breeders, geneticists, economists and specialists from about 10
universities in multiple states is working on the project to help speed up the
grape breeding process.

Bruce Reisch, a Cornell University grape breeder, said a major goal of the
project is to identify certain traits in grapes. One grape has some 30,000
genes.

"We want to locate at least 30 to 40 major traits of importance," Reisch said.

The grant will help further research on the breeding of grapes with a desirable
fruit quality, cold hardiness and resistance to disease.

The fruit has a national annual economic impact of about $4 billion, he said.

New grape varieties can take more than 20 years to develop. Commercial success
can take even longer.

"The project will help align science with the interests of individuals and the
public," said philosophy professor Scott Davidson, who is heading up OCU's end
of the project.

Davidson said this is a unique opportunity for students to learn how to conduct
research. Students will work with Davidson on a series of national surveys.

The information they gather will be used to make sure scientific research
accounts for traits consumers see as desirable.

"My hope is that our undergraduate students will gain new skills and take them
with them in their future careers," Davidson said.

The first classes for the program are anticipated to start this spring.

The grant runs through 2015, with the university matching the grant dollars
being paid to support the program.


LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Federal Aviation Administration: Economist AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39872

LENGTH: 2974  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Economist

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Aviation Administration

Job Announcement Number:AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39872
SALARY RANGE:
 $76,284.00 to $144,583.00 / Per Year
The salary listed above includes the 24.22% locality rate for the Washington, DC
Metropolitan Area.
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, February 20, 2015 to Friday, March 13, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 FV-0110-I/J
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 U.S. Citizens
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

Business Component: Office of Policy, International Affairs, and Environment
(APL-1), Office of Aviation Policy and Plans (APO-1), Economic Analysis Division
(APO-300)

No Permanent Change of Station (PCS) payments are authorized.
KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A one-year probationary period may be required.
    Position is subject to background investigation.

DUTIES:
Back to top

To qualify for this position at the FV-110-I level:
Incumbent will serve as an economist in the Office of Policy and Plans. The
incumbent will work as a member of teams responsible for developing proposed
safety, operational and other rules. He or she will specifically be responsible
to assess the economic impact of proposed regulations, work with agency
rulemaking teams to identify cost and benefit drivers of each rule, and develop
full benefit/cost analysis of proposed and final rules.

Incumbent will perform benefit/cost reviews and analyses for Airport Improvement
Program (AIP) grants and Air Traffic Organization (ATO) grants and other FAA
investment decisions. He or she will be specifically responsible for review of
Benefit/Cost Analyses submitted to FAA in support of AIP grant applications,
performing benefit/cost analyses in support of the ATO Contract Tower Program,
and in support of landing aid investment decisions.

Incumbent will conduct analyses in support of transportation policy development,
legislative proposals and other initiatives as required. He or she will be
specifically responsible for conducting economic analyses in support of
administration and congressional proposals and apply economic theory to solve
problems. He or she will also participate in review and updating of FAA
investment decision economic criteria and guidance materials.

In all of these areas, the incumbent will collect data and analyze large
databases, prepare written documentation to support their work including full
regulatory analyses for inclusion in the rule documentation, and to discuss the
regulatory evaluation and other analyses with senior management and other
economists in the FAA, Department of Transportation and Office of Management and
Budget. The job requires contact with specialists in other FAA offices as well
as industry and others who have information needed to develop regulatory and
other analyses.


To qualify for this position at the FV-110-J level:
Incumbent will serve as an economist in the Office of Policy and Plans. The
incumbent will work as a member of teams responsible for developing proposed
safety, operational and other rules. He or she will specifically be responsible
to assess the economic impact of proposed regulations, work with agency
rulemaking teams to identify cost and benefit drivers of each rule, and develop
full benefit/cost analysis of proposed and final rules.

Incumbent will perform benefit/cost reviews and analyses for Airport Improvement
Program (AIP) grants and Air Traffic Organization (ATO) grants and other FAA
investment decisions. He or she will be specifically responsible for review of
Benefit/Cost Analyses submitted to FAA in support of AIP grant applications,
performing benefit/cost analyses in support of the ATO Contract Tower Program,
and in support of landing aid investment decisions.

Incumbent will conduct analyses in support of transportation policy development,
legislative proposals and other initiatives as required. He or she will be
specifically responsible for conducting economic analyses in support of
administration and congressional proposals. He or she will also participate in
review and updating of FAA investment decision economic criteria and guidance
materials.

In all these areas, the incumbent will prepare written documentation to support
their work including full regulatory analyses for inclusion in the rule
documentation, and to discuss the regulatory evaluation and other analyses with
senior management and other economists in the FAA, Department of Transportation
and Office of Management and Budget. The job requires contact with specialists
in other FAA offices as well as industry and others who have information needed
to develop regulatory and other analyses.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: To qualify for this position applicants must demonstrate in
their application possession of one of the following: (A) Degree: economics,
that included at least 21 semester hours in economics and 3 semester hours in
statistics, accounting, or calculus; OR (B) Combination of education and
experience -- courses equivalent to a major in economics, as shown in A above,
plus appropriate experience or additional education.
Examples of qualifying experience include: individual economic research
assignments requiring planning, information assembly, analysis and evaluation,
conclusions and report preparation; supervisory or project coordination
assignments involving a staff of professional economists, and requiring the
evaluation and interpretation of economic information; or teaching assignments
in a college or university that included both class instruction in economics
subjects and one of the following: personal research that produced evidence of
results, direction of graduate theses in economics, or service as a consultant
or advisor on technical economics problems. Experience in related fields that
did not involve the use and understanding of economic principles and theories
may not be used as qualifying experience for these positions. Special attention
on this point should be given to certain types of work that may or may not have
provided professional economic experience. The following examples of work
require special care in such determinations: economic statistics; industrial
surveys; management of individual business enterprises, including farms;
industrial planning; writing or editorial work in economic subjects; and
financial market analysis.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: In addition to the basic qualification requirements
listed above, all applicants must demonstrate one year (52 weeks) of specialized
experience equivalent to the next lower grade level or pay band level in the
Federal service. To qualify for the FV-J band, all applicants must demonstrate
one year (52 weeks) of specialized experience equivalent the FG/GS-13 or FV-I
band level. Specialized experience is defined as experience which is in or
directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has
equipped the applicant with particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to
successfully perform the duties of that position.

EXAMPLES OF SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE include, but are not limited to:
Experience in conducting economic analyses in support of administration and
congressional proposals; experience in reviewing and updating investment
decision economic criteria and guidance materials; experience in writing
documentation to support economic or regulatory analyses, as well as, discuss
the analyses with senior management internally and externally.

Evaluation Criteria

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA)
1. Knowledge of analytical and research techniques (i.e. econometrics,
mathematical economics, or operations research).
2. Skill in applying economic theory to solve problems and skill in collecting
and analyzing large databases.
3. Skill in preparing and communicating the results of analysis to diverse
audiences.
4. Skill in performing economic cost-benefit analysis.

IMPORTANT: Ensure that your work experience supports your Knowledge, Skills and
Abilities (KSA) answers. Your answers and associated work experience will be
evaluated further to validate whether the answers that you selected are
appropriate. Answers may be adjusted by a Human Resource Specialist as
appropriate.

We are not accepting applications from noncitizens.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and
training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the
on-line process must be substantiated.

To preview the application questionnaire, click the following link: View
Application Questionnaire
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/benefits/


OTHER INFORMATION:
We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions.
Travel may be required.
Position may be subject to a background investigation.
A one-year probationary period may be required.
The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial
disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain
outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies.

1. As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative (streamlining the
hiring process), the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of the Knowledge,
Skills and Ability (KSA) narratives from the initial application in the hiring
process for all external announcements. Therefore, as an applicant for this
external announcement, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response for
each KSA. In lieu of providing a narrative response for each KSA, your work
history should include examples of related experience that describes how you
meet the answer you chose for each KSA. Your experience examples should be
specific and clearly reflect your highest level of ability. Your experience
examples may be subject to verification.
2. Financial Disclosure: The person selected for this position may be required
to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA
policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in
aviation-related companies.
3. To verify educational requirements, applicants must provide a copy of their
unofficial/official transcript verifying degree on or by the closing date of
this vacancy announcement.
4. Applicants must apply on-line via (www.usajobs.gov) for employment
consideration. Applications must have a status of "Submitted" before 11:59PM
(midnight) EST on the closing date of the vacancy announcement for it to be
accepted. Applications submitted via email or fax WILL NOT be considered.
5. This position is also being announced under vacancy announcement number
AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39868 as open to Current and Former Federal employees and
EVHO. Please review both vacancy announcements to determine if you are eligible
to apply.
6. Veteran's Preference: Applicants who are claiming veteran's preference must
submit supporting documentation (DD-214, dated VA letter and SF-15) on or before
the closing date of the vacancy announcement. Supporting documentation must be
uploaded to your outline application or faxed to 202-267-7032 or 1-866-291-3009.
You must reference the vacancy announcement number on the cover letter of your
faxed documents. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a
non-veteran.
7. This is a bargaining unit position.

This is a bargaining unit position.

Links to Important Information: Locality Pay, COLA, Citizenship
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must apply online to receive consideration. Your application must have a
status of "Received" by 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the Close Date for it to be
accepted. If you are applying for positions associated with FAA registers, your
application must have a status of "Received" each time a referral list is
created in order to receive consideration for positions associated with
register.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR WORK EXPERIENCE AND/OR EDUCATION, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND
SPECIFIC REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE OR EDUCATION.

We strongly encourage applicants to utilize the USAJOBS resume builder in the
creation of resumes.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
    Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
    Employer's name and address
    Supervisor name and phone number
    Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to
April 05 2008)
    Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
    Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the
above information and failure to provide ALL of this information may result in a
finding of ineligible.

You may upload completed documents to your USAJOBS Account. This will provide
you the opportunity to utilize the uploaded information again when applying for
future vacancies. Please see this guide, Document Upload Guide, for more
information on uploading and re-using the documents in your applications.

Forms:
        SF-15  : Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
To verify educational requirements, applicants must provide a copy of their
unofficial/official transcript verifying degree on or by the closing date of
this vacancy announcement.

Supporting Documentation: Supporting documentation must be uploaded to your
online application or faxed to 202-267-7032 or 1-866-291-3009 on or before THE
CLOSING DATE of this announcement. You must reference the vacancy announcement
number on the cover letter of your faxed documents.

All Veterans: If you are claiming veterans' preference, you must submit either a
DD Form 214 Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member 4 Copy
or equivalent), or a document from the armed forces certifying that within 120
days you are expected to be discharged or released from active duty service
under honorable conditions. If you are claiming 10 point preference, you must
also submit a completed SF-15, Application for 10-Point Veteran's Preference,
and supporting documents outlined on the SF-15. Documents must be uploaded or
faxed to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this
announcement and all documents must be received by the closing date of the
announcement. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a
non-veteran.

If you are claiming 10 point preference but fail to submit the supporting
documents outlined on the SF-15, you will be tentatively assessed as a 5 point
preference eligible provided your DD Form 214 reflects that you have the service
required to qualify for preference. Documents must be uploaded or faxed to the
Servicing Human Resource Management Office listed in this announcement and all
documents must be received by the closing date of the announcement. If you fail
to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a non-veteran.

Veterans currently on active duty claiming veterans' preference: You will be
granted tentative preference if you submit a document from the armed forces
certifying that within 120 days you are expected to be discharged or released
from active duty service under honorable conditions and your application shows
that you have the required service. Prior to being appointed, you must provide
to the Servicing Human Resource Management Office a DD Form 214 documenting
discharge/release and showing that the service was honorable or general. If you
are on terminal leave, you must provide documentation certifying authorized
terminal leave.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Human Resource Services Division
Phone: 202-267-8012
Fax: 866-291-3009
Email: 9-AWA-AHR-200-VACANCYINQUIRY@FAA.GOV
Agency Information:
Federal Aviation Administration
Human Resources Services Division, AHP-200
800 Independence Avenue, SW
Room 523
Washington, DC
20591
US
Fax: 866-291-3009
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Candidates for FAA positions are evaluated using our Automated Vacancy
Information Access Tool for Online Referral (AVIATOR) system. AVIATOR compares
your skills and experience as described in your application with the
requirements of the position. If you are found to be an eligible,
highly-qualified candidate, you will be referred to the selecting official for
further consideration. (In some cases, individuals with priority for special
consideration must be considered and selected before other candidates.) Whether
or not you are contacted for an interview depends upon the location of the
position and the judgment of the selecting official.

Important - If you make any change to your application, you must resubmit it. If
you change your application and do not resubmit it, your changes will not be
considered part of your application package, and your previous application will
be considered.
FAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will be considered regardless of political affiliation,
race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital
status, age, disability, or other non-merit factors. DOT provides reasonable
accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
us. Decisions on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a
case-by-case basis. Additional information on reasonable accommodations
procedures or on EEO Programs is available on Office of Civil Rights (ACR) or by
contacting the local FAA Civil Rights Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 21, 2017 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests $13.6 Million in Citrus Greening Research

LENGTH: 645  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced four grants totaling more than $13.6 million
to combat a scourge on the nation's citrus industry, citrus greening disease,
aka Huanglongbing. The funding is made possible through NIFA's Specialty Crop
Research Initiative (SCRI) Citrus Disease Research and Extension Program,
authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill.





 "The economic impact of citrus greening disease is measured in the billions,"
said NIFA Director Sonny Ramaswamy. "NIFA investments in research are critical
measures to help the citrus industry survive and thrive and to encourage growers
to replant with confidence."



 Huanglongbing (HLB) is currently the most devastating citrus disease worldwide.
HLB was first detected in Florida in 2005 and has since affected all of
Florida's citrus-producing areas, leading to a 75 percent decline in Florida's
$9 billion citrus industry. Fifteen U.S. States or territories are under full or
partial quarantine due to the presence of the Asian citrus psyllid (ACP), a
vector for HLB.



 Since 2009, USDA has invested more than $400 million to address citrus
greening, including more than $57 million through the Citrus Disease Research
and Extension Program since 2014. Awards for grant applications submitted in FY
2016 include:





     Clemson University, Clemson, South Carolina, $4,274,523

     Regents of the University of California, Riverside, California, $5,112,000

     Iowa State University, Ames, Iowa, $2,476,099

     USDA Agricultural Research Service (ARS), Athens, Georgia, $1,821,197



 Funded projects include Clemson University researchers using naturally
HLB-resistant citrus trees to develop new resistant varieties using the
CRISPR-Cas9 genome editing tool. The Regents of the University of California
project will design and identify HLB bactericides based on both natural and
nanotechnology approaches. Researchers at Iowa State University will investigate
the use of sustainable, naturally occurring soil bacteria to control ACP. The
ARS project will identify and assess the effectiveness and economic viability of
chemotherapy treatment options.



 More information on these projects is available on the NIFA website.



 Among past projects, the University of Florida developed bactericides to help
recover fruit production in HLB-affected orchards. Research at the University of
California used virulence proteins to develop strategies for creating citrus
rootstocks that are immune to HLB.



 NIFA is a member of the federal Multi-Agency Coordination (MAC) group to help
deliver near-term tools to citrus growers to combat HLB. In addition, NIFA
support to the National Plant Diagnostic Network (link is external) helps plant
diagnostic laboratories share best practices and expedite diagnoses and
screening for ACP and HLB. The network coordinates diagnostician training in HLB
with USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service's Plant Protection and
Quarantine. These services enable rapid and accurate diagnoses and support U.S.
food security.



 Since 2009, NIFA has invested in and advanced innovative and transformative
initiatives to solve societal challenges and ensure the long-term viability of
agriculture. NIFA's integrated research, education and extension programs
support the best and brightest scientists and extension personnel whose work
results in user-inspired, groundbreaking discoveries that combat childhood
obesity, improve and sustain rural economic growth, address water availability
issues, increase food production, find new sources of energy, mitigate climate
variability and ensure food safety.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           January 19, 2005 Wednesday
              F1 Edition; F2 Edition; McHenry Edition; F3 Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Fox Valley in 60 seconds; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 593 words


Elgin wants to talk to you:

Elgin officials urge residents to attend today's kickoff event for the "Year of
the Neighborhood" initiative. A neighborhood roundtable is set for 7 to 9 p.m.
today in the Heritage Ballroom of The Centre of Elgin, 100 Symphony Way. The
open discussion with Mayor Ed Schock and city council members provide a chance
to learn about new and existing programs Elgin offers to help improve
neighborhoods. New initiatives include grants to remove chain-link fences or
paint aging houses. Call (847) 931-6104.

Lake in the Hills 'A' on audit:

Lake in the Hills was given a clean unqualified opinion from Sikich Gardner &
Co., which performed the village's financial audit. "The village should be
commended because less than 4 percent of municipalities with 30,000 population
receive a clean unqualified opinion," said Brian LeFevre, a representative from
the village's auditing firm. The village also received a Distinguished Budget
Presentation Award and a Certificate of Achievement for Excellence in Financial
Reporting from the National Government Finance Officers Association. It's the
fourth time the village has received awards from the national organization.

Algonquin honors businesses:

Four annual awards were given to five Algonquin businesses as part of the
Economic Development Commission's business retention program. The Kristensen
building on South Main Street in downtown Algonquin won the New Development
Architectural Award. Bellino's and the Bella Vita Day Spa and Salon, also
located in the downtown district, won the Rehabilitation/Improvement Award.
Jeffrey R. Anderson won the Community Economic Impact award for the Algonquin
Commons shopping center. Buffalo Wild Wings won the Community Service Award. "We
want to recognize existing businesses in town and let them realize they're just
as important to us as the new businesses coming in," said Katie Thornton,
village planner. "That's why we have a broad range of categories." The
businesses will receive plaques during a village board meeting in February.

Hoops for Hope clinic:

The annual "Hoops for Hope" basketball clinic hosted by the St. Charles East and
St. Charles North girls varsity basketball teams runs 1 to 3 p.m. Feb. 6 at St.
Charles East High School, 1020 Dunham Road. The skills clinic is open to girls
in kindergarten through sixth grade. The $20 registration fee includes a "Hoops
for Hope" T-shirt and free admission to the St. Charles East vs. St. Charles
North girls varsity basketball game at East high school Feb. 8. Proceeds will
benefit Lazarus House. Register in advance by picking up a form at the high
school athletic offices or by calling (630) 443-3981.

Algonquin OKs trash contract:

The Algonquin village board Tuesday approved an agreement with Waste Management
to use a waste-transfer station in Crystal Lake. The Downers Grove company wants
to build the station on a 19-acre closed landfill on Virginia Road south of
Rakow Road in Crystal Lake. The transfer station would allow garbage trucks to
dump waste on tractor trailers, which would then haul the garbage to a landfill.
Saving garbage truck trips to landfills would ease the way trash is collected in
the village, said Village Manager Bill Ganek. As part of the agreement, the
village must have Waste Management as its exclusive scavenger. The village will
receive 10 cents for every ton of garbage brought to the transfer station under
the agreement. The agreement is expected to generate more than $25,000 a year in
revenue for the village, according to Waste Management estimates.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Wisconsin: Racine Receives $1 Million State Grant for Machinery Row
Redevelopment Project

LENGTH: 839  words

DATELINE: Madison


Launch in Wisconsin has issued the following news release:

The City of Racine has been awarded a $1 million grant from the state's Idle
Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, an initiative that helps help spur the
redevelopment of abandoned properties throughout Wisconsin.

The grant, awarded by the Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC),
will be used to help fund a $65 million project that calls for transforming 20
acres of idle industrial property along the Root River into a mixed-used
development that will include commercial, retail and residential space.
The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The Machinery Row project is Racine is expected to revitalize the city's
lakefront.

The city and developer Financial District Properties Machinery Row LLC are
planning the redevelopment of two large industrial buildings in Racine's
Machinery Row district on Water Street--a project expected to revitalize the
city's riverfront and create more than 100 jobs in the first phase and
ultimately more than 500 jobs.

"This redevelopment has the potential to transform what is now a neglected area
into a place where people can live, work, shop and dine along the scenic
riverfront," said Reed Hall, secretary and CEO of WEDC, the state's lead
economic development organization. "This is one of the most significant economic
development projects in Racine's history, and WEDC is pleased to be able to
provide support for this ambitious initiative."

"We are excited that the state and WEDC have the same vision as we do for the
Machinery Row site," said Racine Mayor John Dickert. "The Idle Industrial Site
grant will allow the project to move forward quickly and provide environmental
remediation for the project. Thanks to the teamwork on this project we will
begin the rebuilding of our riverfront for all of Racine to enjoy."

"We are grateful to WEDC and Governor Walker for awarding the City of Racine
with these funds that are yet another step forward in our goal to create a
catalytic project that will provide the people of Racine a lasting economic
impact," said Jennifer Kakert, CFO of Financial District Properties Machinery
Row.

"These funds will significantly help with remediating costly environmental
contamination and cleanup," added Jim Bowman, the company's development
director. "Without this state assistance, the costs to address existing
environmental issues would prohibit our ability to attract the necessary capital
to complete this very complex redevelopment project."

WEDC's Idle Industrial Sites Redevelopment Program, created in 2013, stimulates
investment and job creation in idle, abandoned and underutilized manufacturing
sites that cannot be solely redeveloped by the private sector due to their scale
and complexity.

The competitive program offers grants of up to $1 million to communities for the
implementation of redevelopment plans for sites of 10 acres or more that have
been idle, abandoned or underutilized for at least five years. The sites must
have had at least 25 years of prior commercial or industrial usage to qualify.

The funds can be used for demolition, environmental remediation, or
site-specific improvements defined in a redevelopment plan.

In this latest round of funding, the City of Oak Creek received $1 million for
the Drexel Town Square project and the City of Merrill received $417,250 to help
fund a $1.4 million redevelopment project along the Wisconsin River. WEDC
expects to award a total of $3.4 million to municipalities in this round of
funding, and more grant announcements will be made in coming weeks.

In addition to the grant, WEDC also is supporting the Machinery Row project by
authorizing the developer to receive up to $9 million in Historic Preservation
Tax Credits for the project. The actual amount of tax credits is contingent upon
how much the developer spends on rehabilitation work. The City of Racine is
providing $7 million in assistance for infrastructure needs on the site.

The Machinery Row project calls for redeveloping two buildings totaling 720,000
square feet on the former J.I. Case property at 900 and 820 Water Street that
are more than 100 years old. The 440,000-square-foot building at 900 Water
Street will be renovated into about 165 market-rate apartments with supportive
commercial enterprises; the other building will house about 280,000 square feet
of mixed use development. It also includes an urban grocery store with
sufficient space for a farmers market and a recreation facility.

The Root River riverfront at Machinery Row will become a 3-acre public park,
promenade and gathering space in a location that has not been fully accessible
to the public for more than a century. The area also will be connected to
existing and planned regional walking, biking and recreational trails.
- See more at: http://inwisconsin.com/press_releases/racine-idle-sites-grant/
#sthash.xTPBHFgV.dpuf

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           September 19, 2010 Sunday

SMEDA proposes rehabilitative measures for flood-affected SMEs

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Sept. 19 -- The Small and Medium Enterprises Development Authority
(SMEDA) plans rehabilitative measures for flood-affected small and medium
enterprises (SMEs), a statement said on Friday.

SMEDA Chief Executive Officer Shahid Rashid in a meeting deliberated upon the
rehabilitative steps required to counter post-flood recovery challenges being
faced by the nation amid the worst natural disaster in modern times.

He said that Pakistan is in the midst of a nightmarish monsoon season,
reflecting little signs of receding.

Early statistics estimate the impact of the calamity to be grave, having far
reaching consequences to habitat, livelihood and human life in the affected
areas, he said.

The economic impact of floods has yet to be fully quantified though it is
evident that agriculture sector has been hit hardest, he said.

SMEDA estimates that around 310,000 small businesses are affected by this
tragedy, the majority of which are subsistence enterprises with less than 10
employees and an annual turnover below Rs500,000. Many of these ventures have
been established with less than Rs1,500,000 investment relying on loans from
relatives and the accumulated life savings of these entrepreneurs, said Rashid.

Significantly hampered already, these enterprises have to contend with new
obstacles as floodwater has eroded an already weak infrastructure and in some
cases has swept away people's livelihood and future dreams.

Most flood victims will become part of the 2.93 million that were already
unemployed, choking the stream of income being earned by these displaced
Pakistanis, while further placing a burden on the already scant resources, he
said.

With reduced income there are reduced savings; adversely impacting the GDP,
which is already affected by the reduction in the government revenue and
increase in the expenditures being incurred as a result of this tragedy.

As donor organisations mobilise on a massive scale to meet the immediate
humanitarian needs of flood victims, other public sector and social development
organisations have commenced the process of formulating socioeconomic
initiatives to best create employment opportunities and spur development in the
flood-stricken areas.

Expressing SMEDA's role in contributing towards post-flood development in the
affected districts, Rashid highlighted some of the key proposals that the
authority would promote in the months to come.

Among these measures, a credit mark-up sharing fund for flood-affected SMEs
would provide subsidised financing opportunities to the affected SMEs.

A dedicated Helpline for the SMEs has also been proposed with an endeavour to
provide a "One Stop Shop" and facilitate the affected SMEs in their business
needs, he said.

Other initiatives being proposed include providing grants and soft loans to the
SMEs for recuperating their businesses and restoring their livelihood.
Furthermore, short-term skills training, upgrading of existing skill base and
diversification of occupations has also been planned to prepare flood victims
for those trades that will be in high demand during the recovery phase such as
supply of construction material, agricultural implements and inputs, logistics,
masonry, carpentry, welding, et Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                     September 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

SBA Expands Impact Investment Fund

LENGTH: 720  words


Sept. 26 --  U.S. Small Business Administration issued the following news
release:

Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), Maria
Contreras-Sweet, announced today it has expanded the Impact Investment Fund, a
feature of the Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) Program.  The SBA is
implementing a series of policy changes that promise to broaden access to the
fund and strengthen the impact of SBIC's.

"As head of the SBA, my main goal is to increase access to capital for our
nation's entrepreneurs, especially to our underserved communities. This
expansion of the Impact Investment Fund today puts more capital into the hands
of entrepreneurs, while offering impact investors a tremendous platform to reach
small business owners with innovative ideas," said Administrator
Contreras-Sweet.

The SBA launched the Impact Fund in 2011 as a five-year, $1 billion pilot
initiative to capitalize investment funds that seek both financial and social
return.  This announcement reaffirms SBA's commitment to impact investing beyond
2016.  The agency will continue to allocate roughly $200 million of its $4
billion annual investment authority to Impact SBIC's investing in underserved
areas and sectors of national priority.

In addition to extending the Impact Investment Fund, SBA has introduced policy
changes based on extensive consultation with SBIC Program stakeholders and
experts in the impact investment industry. The major changes include:

* Advanced Manufacturing Businesses and SBIR/STTR Recipients Now Eligible:
Currently, Impact SBICs must invest 50 percent of their capital in businesses
located in underserved communities, the education sector or the clean energy
sector.  The new policy will add advanced manufacturing to the list of
recognized sectors and allow businesses that have received Small Business
Innovation Research ("SBIR") or Small Business Technology Transfer ("STTR")
grants to become eligible for impact investments.

* Incorporating IRIS-based Measurement:  Impact SBICs may also now designate
their own, self-identified impact investment strategy, but must commit to
measure their social, environmental or economic impact using an assessment
system based on The Global Impact Investing Network's Impact Reporting and
Investment Standards.

* $200 million Restriction Lifted:  During the pilot initiative, Impact SBICs
were collectively limited to a restricted pool of $200 million in annual
SBA-guaranteed leverage commitments.  Under the new policy, Impact SBICs will be
able to access leverage on equal footing with Standard SBICs.

"We applaud the US Small Business Administration's relentless work with the
private sector to enhance investment opportunities and coming up with this
policy refresh" said Jonathan Greenblatt, Special Assistant to the President and
Director of the Office of Social Innovation and Civic Participation in the
Domestic Policy Council.

SBA anticipates licensing a few new Impact SBICs by the end of the year.  These
funds will join the two existing Impact SBICs, Michigan Growth Capital Partners
and SJF Ventures III.  Together they manage over $182 million in assets and have
invested in seventeen (17) companies that collectively employ about 1,500
people.  Fiber By-Products, a portfolio company of Michigan Growth Capital
Partners located in rural White Pigeon, Mich., collects wood waste otherwise
destined for the landfill and uses it to produce animal bedding, wood mulch and
premium pellet fuel.

Think Through Learning, an impact investment of SJF Ventures III, is an
education technology company that provides online instructional systems for
schools and students nationwide.  Its flagship product, Think Through Math,
helps students master key mathematical concepts and is designed to aid the
transition many schools are making to the Common Core Curriculum.

The 290 funds in the SBIC Program portfolio, which collectively manage $21.5
billion in assets, are already focused on increasing investment flows to sectors
and regions where capital formation gaps are widest. Last year, about
one-quarter of the American small businesses SBICs financed were owned by
minorities, women, and veterans - or conducted business in HUBZones, rural or
distressed urban areas and other Competitive Opportunity Gaps.

Source:  U.S. Small Business Administration

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                     September 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

SBA Expands Impact Investment Fund

LENGTH: 720  words


Sept. 26 --  U.S. Small Business Administration issued the following news
release:

Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), Maria
Contreras-Sweet, announced today it has expanded the Impact Investment Fund, a
feature of the Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) Program.  The SBA is
implementing a series of policy changes that promise to broaden access to the
fund and strengthen the impact of SBIC's.

"As head of the SBA, my main goal is to increase access to capital for our
nation's entrepreneurs, especially to our underserved communities. This
expansion of the Impact Investment Fund today puts more capital into the hands
of entrepreneurs, while offering impact investors a tremendous platform to reach
small business owners with innovative ideas," said Administrator
Contreras-Sweet.

The SBA launched the Impact Fund in 2011 as a five-year, $1 billion pilot
initiative to capitalize investment funds that seek both financial and social
return.  This announcement reaffirms SBA's commitment to impact investing beyond
2016.  The agency will continue to allocate roughly $200 million of its $4
billion annual investment authority to Impact SBIC's investing in underserved
areas and sectors of national priority.

In addition to extending the Impact Investment Fund, SBA has introduced policy
changes based on extensive consultation with SBIC Program stakeholders and
experts in the impact investment industry. The major changes include:

* Advanced Manufacturing Businesses and SBIR/STTR Recipients Now Eligible:
Currently, Impact SBICs must invest 50 percent of their capital in businesses
located in underserved communities, the education sector or the clean energy
sector.  The new policy will add advanced manufacturing to the list of
recognized sectors and allow businesses that have received Small Business
Innovation Research ("SBIR") or Small Business Technology Transfer ("STTR")
grants to become eligible for impact investments.

* Incorporating IRIS-based Measurement:  Impact SBICs may also now designate
their own, self-identified impact investment strategy, but must commit to
measure their social, environmental or economic impact using an assessment
system based on The Global Impact Investing Network's Impact Reporting and
Investment Standards.

* $200 million Restriction Lifted:  During the pilot initiative, Impact SBICs
were collectively limited to a restricted pool of $200 million in annual
SBA-guaranteed leverage commitments.  Under the new policy, Impact SBICs will be
able to access leverage on equal footing with Standard SBICs.

"We applaud the US Small Business Administration's relentless work with the
private sector to enhance investment opportunities and coming up with this
policy refresh" said Jonathan Greenblatt, Special Assistant to the President and
Director of the Office of Social Innovation and Civic Participation in the
Domestic Policy Council.

SBA anticipates licensing a few new Impact SBICs by the end of the year.  These
funds will join the two existing Impact SBICs, Michigan Growth Capital Partners
and SJF Ventures III.  Together they manage over $182 million in assets and have
invested in seventeen (17) companies that collectively employ about 1,500
people.  Fiber By-Products, a portfolio company of Michigan Growth Capital
Partners located in rural White Pigeon, Mich., collects wood waste otherwise
destined for the landfill and uses it to produce animal bedding, wood mulch and
premium pellet fuel.

Think Through Learning, an impact investment of SJF Ventures III, is an
education technology company that provides online instructional systems for
schools and students nationwide.  Its flagship product, Think Through Math,
helps students master key mathematical concepts and is designed to aid the
transition many schools are making to the Common Core Curriculum.

The 290 funds in the SBIC Program portfolio, which collectively manage $21.5
billion in assets, are already focused on increasing investment flows to sectors
and regions where capital formation gaps are widest. Last year, about
one-quarter of the American small businesses SBICs financed were owned by
minorities, women, and veterans - or conducted business in HUBZones, rural or
distressed urban areas and other Competitive Opportunity Gaps.

Source:  U.S. Small Business Administration

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Federal Aviation Administration: Economist AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39868

LENGTH: 2717  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Economist

Department:Department Of Transportation

Agency:Federal Aviation Administration

Job Announcement Number:AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39868
SALARY RANGE:
 $76,284.00 to $144,583.00 / Per Year
The salary listed above includes the 24.22% locality rate for the Washington, DC
Metropolitan Area.
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, February 20, 2015 to Friday, March 13, 2015
SERIES & GRADE:
 FV-0110-I/J
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full Time - Permanent
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current or Former Federal Employees & EVHO
Click here for definition of EVHO.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

Business Component: Office of Policy, International Affairs, and Environment
(APL-1), Office of Aviation Policy and Plans (APO-1), Economic Analysis Division
(APO-300)

No Permanent Change of Station (PCS) payments are authorized.
KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A one-year probationary period may be required.
    Position is subject to a background investigation.

DUTIES:
Back to top

To qualify for this position at the FV-110-I level:
Incumbent will serve as an economist in the Office of Policy and Plans. The
incumbent will work as a member of teams responsible for developing proposed
safety, operational and other rules. He or she will specifically be responsible
to assess the economic impact of proposed regulations, work with agency
rulemaking teams to identify cost and benefit drivers of each rule, and develop
full benefit/cost analysis of proposed and final rules.

Incumbent will perform benefit/cost reviews and analyses for Airport Improvement
Program (AIP) grants and Air Traffic Organization (ATO) grants and other FAA
investment decisions. He or she will be specifically responsible for review of
Benefit/Cost Analyses submitted to FAA in support of AIP grant applications,
performing benefit/cost analyses in support of the ATO Contract Tower Program,
and in support of landing aid investment decisions.

Incumbent will conduct analyses in support of transportation policy development,
legislative proposals and other initiatives as required. He or she will be
specifically responsible for conducting economic analyses in support of
administration and congressional proposals and apply economic theory to solve
problems. He or she will also participate in review and updating of FAA
investment decision economic criteria and guidance materials.

In all of these areas, the incumbent will collect data and analyze large
databases, prepare written documentation to support their work including full
regulatory analyses for inclusion in the rule documentation, and to discuss the
regulatory evaluation and other analyses with senior management and other
economists in the FAA, Department of Transportation and Office of Management and
Budget. The job requires contact with specialists in other FAA offices as well
as industry and others who have information needed to develop regulatory and
other analyses.


To qualify for this position at the FV-110-J level:
Incumbent will serve as an economist in the Office of Policy and Plans. The
incumbent will work as a member of teams responsible for developing proposed
safety, operational and other rules. He or she will specifically be responsible
to assess the economic impact of proposed regulations, work with agency
rulemaking teams to identify cost and benefit drivers of each rule, and develop
full benefit/cost analysis of proposed and final rules.

Incumbent will perform benefit/cost reviews and analyses for Airport Improvement
Program (AIP) grants and Air Traffic Organization (ATO) grants and other FAA
investment decisions. He or she will be specifically responsible for review of
Benefit/Cost Analyses submitted to FAA in support of AIP grant applications,
performing benefit/cost analyses in support of the ATO Contract Tower Program,
and in support of landing aid investment decisions.

Incumbent will conduct analyses in support of transportation policy development,
legislative proposals and other initiatives as required. He or she will be
specifically responsible for conducting economic analyses in support of
administration and congressional proposals. He or she will also participate in
review and updating of FAA investment decision economic criteria and guidance
materials.
In all these areas, the incumbent will prepare written documentation to support
their work including full regulatory analyses for inclusion in the rule
documentation, and to discuss the regulatory evaluation and other analyses with
senior management and other economists in the FAA, Department of Transportation
and Office of Management and Budget. The job requires contact with specialists
in other FAA offices as well as industry and others who have information needed
to develop regulatory and other analyses.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: To qualify for this position applicants must demonstrate in
their application possession of one of the following: (A) Degree: economics,
that included at least 21 semester hours in economics and 3 semester hours in
statistics, accounting, or calculus; OR (B) Combination of education and
experience -- courses equivalent to a major in economics, as shown in A above,
plus appropriate experience or additional education.

Examples of qualifying experience include: individual economic research
assignments requiring planning, information assembly, analysis and evaluation,
conclusions and report preparation; supervisory or project coordination
assignments involving a staff of professional economists, and requiring the
evaluation and interpretation of economic information; or teaching assignments
in a college or university that included both class instruction in economics
subjects and one of the following: personal research that produced evidence of
results, direction of graduate theses in economics, or service as a consultant
or advisor on technical economics problems. Experience in related fields that
did not involve the use and understanding of economic principles and theories
may not be used as qualifying experience for these positions. Special attention
on this point should be given to certain types of work that may or may not have
provided professional economic experience. The following examples of work
require special care in such determinations: economic statistics; industrial
surveys; management of individual business enterprises, including farms;
industrial planning; writing or editorial work in economic subjects; and
financial market analysis.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: In addition to the basic qualification requirements
listed above, all applicants must demonstrate one year (52 weeks) of specialized
experience equivalent to the next lower grade level or pay band level in the
Federal service. To qualify for the FV-J band, all applicants must demonstrate
one year (52 weeks) of specialized experience equivalent the FG/GS-13 or FV-I
band level. Specialized experience is defined as experience which is in or
directly related to the line of work of the position to be filled and which has
equipped the applicant with particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to
successfully perform the duties of that position.

EXAMPLES OF SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE include, but are not limited to:
Experience in conducting economic analyses in support of administration and
congressional proposals; experience in reviewing and updating investment
decision economic criteria and guidance materials; experience in writing
documentation to support economic or regulatory analyses, as well as, discuss
the analyses with senior management internally and externally.

Evaluation Criteria

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities (KSA)
1. Knowledge of analytical and research techniques (i.e. econometrics,
mathematical economics, or operations research).
2. Skill in applying economic theory to solve problems and skill in collecting
and analyzing large databases.
3. Skill in preparing and communicating the results of analysis to diverse
audiences.
4. Skill in performing economic cost-benefit analysis.

IMPORTANT: Ensure that your work experience supports your Knowledge, Skills and
Abilities (KSA) answers. Your answers and associated work experience will be
evaluated further to validate whether the answers that you selected are
appropriate. Answers may be adjusted by a Human Resource Specialist as
appropriate.

We are not accepting applications from noncitizens.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Applicants may be rated on the extent and quality of experience, education, and
training relevant to the duties of the position(s). All answers provided in the
on-line process must be substantiated.

To preview the application questionnaire, click the following link: View
Application Questionnaire
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://www.faa.gov/jobs/working_here/benefits/


OTHER INFORMATION:
We may use this vacancy to fill other similar vacant positions.
Travel may be required.
Position may be subject to a background investigation.
A one-year probationary period may be required.
The person selected for this position may be required to file a financial
disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA policy limits certain
outside employment and financial investments in aviation-related companies.

1. As a part of the Federal-Wide Hiring Reform Initiative (streamlining the
hiring process), the FAA is committed to eliminating the use of the Knowledge,
Skills and Ability (KSA) narratives from the initial application in the hiring
process for all external announcements. Therefore, as an applicant for this
external announcement, you are NOT required to provide a narrative response for
each KSA. In lieu of providing a narrative response for each KSA, your work
history should include examples of related experience that describes how you
meet the answer you chose for each KSA. Your experience examples should be
specific and clearly reflect your highest level of ability. Your experience
examples may be subject to verification.
2. Financial Disclosure: The person selected for this position may be required
to file a financial disclosure statement within 30 days of entry on duty. FAA
policy limits certain outside employment and financial investments in
aviation-related companies.
3. To verify educational requirements, applicants must provide a copy of their
unofficial/official transcript verifying degree on or by the closing date of
this vacancy announcement.
4. Applicants must apply on-line via (www.usajobs.gov) for employment
consideration. Applications must have a status of "Submitted" before 11:59PM
(midnight) EST on the closing date of the vacancy announcement for it to be
accepted. Applications submitted via email or fax WILL NOT be considered.
5. This position is also being announced under external vacancy announcement
number AWA-APO-15-SP03790-39872 as open to All Sources / all U.S. Civilians.
Please review both vacancy announcements to determine if you are eligible to
apply.
6. Veteran's Preference: Applicants who are claiming veteran's preference must
submit supporting documentation (DD-214, dated VA letter and SF-15) on or before
the closing date of the vacancy announcement. Supporting documentation must be
uploaded to your outline application or faxed to 202-267-7032 or 1-866-291-3009.
You must reference the vacancy announcement number on the cover letter of your
faxed documents. If you fail to submit documentation, you will be assessed as a
non-veteran.
7. This is a bargaining unit position.

This is a bargaining unit position.

Links to Important Information: Locality Pay, COLA, Citizenship
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
You must apply online to receive consideration. Your application must have a
status of "Received" by 11:59 PM Eastern Time on the Close Date for it to be
accepted. If you are applying for positions associated with FAA registers, your
application must have a status of "Received" each time a referral list is
created in order to receive consideration for positions associated with
register.

IN DESCRIBING YOUR WORK EXPERIENCE AND/OR EDUCATION, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND
SPECIFIC REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE OR EDUCATION.

We strongly encourage applicants to utilize the USAJOBS resume builder in the
creation of resumes.

Please ensure EACH work history includes ALL of the following information:

Job Title (include series and grade if Federal Job)
    Duties (be specific in describing your duties)
    Employer's name and address
    Supervisor name and phone number
    Start and end dates including month, day and year (e.g. June 18 2007 to
April 05 2008)
    Full-time or part-time status (include hours worked per week)
    Salary

Determining length of General or Specialized Experience is dependent on the
above information and failure to provide ALL of this information may result in a
finding of ineligible.

You may upload completed documents to your USAJOBS Account. This will provide
you the opportunity to utilize the uploaded information again when applying for
future vacancies. Please see this guide, Document Upload Guide, for more
information on uploading and re-using the documents in your applications.

Forms:
        SF-15  : Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
To verify educational requirements, applicants must provide a copy of their
unofficial/official transcript verifying degree on or by the closing date of
this vacancy announcement.

Supporting Documentation: Supporting documentation must be uploaded to your
online application or faxed to 202-267-7032 or 1-866-291-3009 on or before THE
CLOSING DATE of this announcement. You must reference the vacancy announcement
number on the cover letter of your faxed documents.

Applicants claiming eligibility for the Expanded Veterans Hiring Opportunity
(EVHO), MUST submit a DD Form 214 reflecting character of service to verify
eligibility by the closing date of the announcement as requested by the Human
Resource Office. Eligibility for EVHO will be considered based on applicable
documentation submitted by the closing date.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Human Resource Services Division
Phone: 202-267-8012
Fax: 866-291-3009
Email: 9-AWA-AHR-200-VACANCYINQUIRY@FAA.GOV
Agency Information:
Federal Aviation Administration
Human Resources Services Division, AHP-200
800 Independence Avenue, SW
Room 523
Washington, DC
20591
US
Fax: 866-291-3009
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
Candidates for FAA positions are evaluated using our Automated Vacancy
Information Access Tool for Online Referral (AVIATOR) system. AVIATOR compares
your skills and experience as described in your application with the
requirements of the position. If you are found to be an eligible,
highly-qualified candidate, you will be referred to the selecting official for
further consideration. (In some cases, individuals with priority for special
consideration must be considered and selected before other candidates.) Whether
or not you are contacted for an interview depends upon the location of the
position and the judgment of the selecting official.

Important - If you make any change to your application, you must resubmit it. If
you change your application and do not resubmit it, your changes will not be
considered part of your application package, and your previous application will
be considered.
FAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will be considered regardless of political affiliation,
race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, marital
status, age, disability, or other non-merit factors. DOT provides reasonable
accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable
accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify
us. Decisions on granting reasonable accommodation will be made on a
case-by-case basis. Additional information on reasonable accommodations
procedures or on EEO Programs is available on Office of Civil Rights (ACR) or by
contacting the local FAA Civil Rights Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Fact Sheet: Administration Announces New Economic and Workforce
Development Resources for Coal Communities through POWER Initiative

LENGTH: 3769  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  As part of President Obama's ongoing efforts to assist communities negatively
impacted by changes in the coal industry and power sector, today the
Administration is announcing awards totaling $38.8 million for 29 economic and
workforce development projects -- in and across multiple states -- that are
building a stronger economic future for their communities, businesses, and
workers.  The awards are administered by the Appalachian Regional Commission
(ARC), the U.S. Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration
(EDA), and the U.S. Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration
(ETA).  With these investments, it's estimated that 3,418 jobs will be created
or retained, and an additional $66,970,000 will be leveraged through investments
from other public and private partners.





 The Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization
(POWER) Initiative is a coordinated Administration effort, involving ten federal
agencies, with the goal of effectively aligning, leveraging and targeting a
range of federal economic and workforce development programs and resources to
assist communities and workers that have been affected by job losses in coal
mining, coal power plant operations, and coal-related supply chain industries
due to the changing economics of America's energy sector.



 The POWER Initiative is the primary economic and workforce component of
President Obama's broader POWER+ Plan, part of his FY 2017 budget request to
Congress.  The POWER+ Plan proposes more than $9 billion of investment to
support economic diversification in coal communities; employment and training
services for workers displaced from the coal economy; the health and retirement
security of coal miners and their families; the reclamation and redevelopment of
abandoned mine lands; and the deployment of carbon capture and sequestration
technology.



 Most of the awards announced today are the first to be awarded from a
competitive POWER federal funding opportunity released in March of this year by
the ARC and EDA to provide implementation, planning and technical assistance
grants in support of projects in coal-impacted communities that propose to do
one or more of the following:



 o           Diversify the commercial and industrial base of local and regional
economies;



 o           Create jobs in new and/or existing industries;



 o           Attract new sources of private and public investment; and



 o           Provide a range of workforce services and skills training for
high-quality, in-demand jobs.



 The POWER initiative is one example of a new approach to federal engagement
with communities that President Obama and his Administration have steadily
advanced over the last seven years.  The Administration has abandoned an
outdated, top-down approach to investing in communities in favor of a
collaborative federal role that is driven by partnership with local leaders to
link and leverage public and private resources and deliver comprehensive support
that reflects locally identified priorities.



 POWER Implementation Award Summaries:



     $7,474,100 total (a $4,974,100 EDA grant and a $2,500,000 ARC grant) to the
University of Pikeville in Pikeville, KY for the Kentucky College of Optometry
(KYCO) project. POWER funds will be used to purchase equipment, instructional
supplies, and other materials to help launch a new College of Optometry. The
college will both grow the healthcare workforce and improve access to vision
care in Central Appalachia.  KYCO will be only the second optometry college in
the Appalachian Region, and will primarily serve Eastern Kentucky, Southern West
Virginia, and Southwestern Virginia. Within the first three years of the award,
KYCO will graduate 60 optometrists, provide care to 12,000 patients, and bring
$26,000,000 in direct economic impact to the regional economy.

     $2,750,000 ARC grant to the Eastern Kentucky Concentrated Employment
Program (EKCEP) in Hazard, KY for the TechHire Eastern Kentucky (TEKY)
Initiative: Developing a Technology-Driven Workforce project. The project will
serve young adults aged 17-29 who are out of school, and older adults who are
unemployed, laid-off, or underemployed by offering several avenues to
industry-led accelerated technology training, paid work-based internships, and
employment opportunities in IT careers. This comprehensive workforce development
initiative will train 200 new workers, create 160 jobs, and serve to bolster
existing and emerging sectors that rely on a skilled information technology
workforce in 23 Eastern Kentucky counties.  The initiative will provide the
trained workers necessary for a private technology company to expand its
operations into Eastern Kentucky.

     $2,500,000 total (a $1,500,000 ARC grant and a $1,000,000 EDA grant) to the
Bluewell Public Service District in Bluefield, WV for the Mercer County Regional
Airport Development and Diversification Initiative. POWER funds will be used to
extend public water service along Route 52 and Airport Road to the Mercer County
Regional Airport. In addition to providing essential infrastructure to the
regional airport, the project will create 38 new jobs, and will capitalize on an
existing regional asset by providing funding for a strategic plan that will
position the airport and its adjoining 200 acres of flat, developable land as an
economic driver for four counties in Southern West Virginia and Southwestern
Virginia.

     $2,285,049 EDA grant to Upshur County Development Authority in Buckhannon,
WV, for the Upshur County Knowledge and Innovation Business Center. This project
consists of the construction of the new Business Center on property donated by
the City of Buckhannon, which will host a small business development center to
be managed by the Upshur County Development Authority. Small business
development support services will be targeted to IT and other technology-based
business interests. The Center will also provide flex-office and incubator
space. Broadband access will be available at the facility as a result of a
privately-funded initiative to address the current lack of broadband access in
Upshur County.  One technology company has already committed to locating in this
facility.  The project will create and retain 78 jobs and leverage $8,500,000 in
additional investment.

     $2,196,450 ARC grant to the Consortium for Entrepreneurship Education in
Charleston, WV for the EntreEd K-14: Every Student, Every Year project. The
EntreEd program enables K-12 teachers to integrate entrepreneurial content and
context into delivery of required standards in any subject or grade level. The
project will educate the next generation of Appalachia's workforce to create
their own businesses to drive the local economy.  ARC funds will expand the
footprint of the proven EntreEd program into five additional counties in West
Virginia, eleven counties in Kentucky, three counties in Ohio, one county in
Tennessee, and two counties in Virginia. The program will be supported by
expertise from the National Association for Community College Entrepreneurship
(NACCE), project management from the EdVenture Group, and funding from the
Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation. The EntreEd program will serve 15,000
K-12 Appalachian students in 50 individual schools and 7 community colleges over
the life of the award.

     $2,022,133 ARC grant to the Mountain Association for Community Economic
Development (MACED) in Berea, KY for the Economic Transition for Eastern
Kentucky (ETEK) Initiative. The ARC award will expand fast-track retraining and
entrepreneurial technical assistance services targeted to dislocated coal
workers; establish an intern program aimed at placing former coal workers in the
energy efficiency sector; and increase access to capital through a $1,000,000
venture capital loan fund. The project will create 200 new jobs and 100 new
enterprises, serve 500 existing businesses, and bring $12,000,000 in leveraged
financing to a 54-county region in Eastern Kentucky.

     $2,000,000 ARC grant to Ohio University in Athens, OH for the Leveraging
Innovation Gateways and Hubs Toward Sustainability (LIGHTS) project. The ARC
award will strengthen Southern Ohio's entrepreneurial ecosystem by leveraging
the capacity of four strategically located "Innovation Hubs" -- which provide
facilities, equipment and design/engineering expertise to entrepreneurs - and
five regional "Gateway Centers" that link local entrepreneurs to a broad array
of support services throughout the ecosystem. The project will build on the
successful TechGROWTH Ohio model, create 360 new jobs, 50 new small businesses,
and bring $5,000,000 in leveraged private investment to the area.

     $1,870,000 ARC grant to the Coalfield Development Corporation in Wayne, WV
for the Appalachian Social Entrepreneurship Investment Strategy. ARC funds will
be used to incubate job-creating social enterprises; scale-up Coalfield
Development Corporation's innovate 33-6-3 on-the-job training/education/life
skills workforce development model; and expand Coalfield Development
Corporation's service territory to other coal-impacted areas in Southern West
Virginia. The award will create 85 new jobs and equip 60 trainees to pursue
quality jobs in high-demand industries in the Appalachian Region, and will be
supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.

     $1,822,500 total (a $1,200,000 EDA grant and a $622,500 ARC grant) to the
Randolph County Development Authority in Elkins, WV for the Hardwood Cluster
Manufacturing Expansion Project. POWER funds will be utilized to expand a major
cabinet manufacturer's operation by enabling the doubling of its current
production rate due to a new national contract - thereby creating 45 new jobs
and adding $2,500,000 in annual wages to the regional economy. In addition, the
award will strengthen the Hardwood Alliance Zone - a nine-county region in
Central West Virginia containing a cluster of hardwood businesses.

     $1,648,400 EDA grant to Mingo County Redevelopment Authority (MCRA) and
Mingo County Public Service District in Williamson, WV for the Mingo County Air
Transportation Park Infrastructure Improvements project. The project will
provide potable water to the Mingo County Air Transportation Park atop a
reclaimed surface mine in the center of the county, which MCRA is positioning as
an industrial site for light and advanced manufacturers. It will include
construction of approximately 62 thousand feet of water line, a 500
gallon-per-minute booster pumping station, a one-million-gallon water storage
tank, and other related equipment, as well as an on-site sewage, aeration, and
absorption system.  The project will create and retain 520 jobs and leverage
$9,000,000 in additional investment.

     $1,500,000 ARC grant to Appalachian Sustainable Development in Abington, VA
for the Central Appalachian Food Enterprise Corridor. This 5-state, 43-county
project will develop a coordinated local foods distribution network throughout
Central Appalachia, and will connect established and emerging producers in Ohio,
West Virginia, Tennessee, Southwest Virginia, and Eastern Kentucky to wholesale
distribution markets. The ARC award will support planning, partner convening,
and capacity building, as well as production and processing equipment, supplies,
and labor costs, and will be supported by funding from the Just Transition Fund.
The strengthened food corridor will act as regional economic driver -- creating
120 jobs, retaining 250 jobs, and ultimately creating 95 new businesses.

     $1,464,251 ARC grant to the University of Kentucky Research Foundation in
Lexington, KY for the Downtown Revitalization in the Promise Zone project. This
project -- partnering with the Community and Economic Development Initiative of
Kentucky, the Foundation for Appalachian Kentucky, the Kentucky Promise Zone,
Shaping Our Appalachian Region (SOAR), and the Kentucky Mainstreet Program -
will help revitalize the downtowns of 8 distressed towns in the Southeastern
Kentucky Promise Zone.  The project will provide each community with tailored
economic studies that identify economic opportunities, support strategic
planning sessions to capitalize on those opportunities, provide financial
support for key steps to implement those strategies, and build local leadership
and business capacity. The project will create 24 new downtown businesses, 72
new jobs, and leverage $800,000 in private investment.

     $1,417,375 ARC grant to Southwest Virginia Community College (SWCC) in
Cedar Bluff, VA for the Retraining Energy Displaced Individuals (REDI) Center
for Dislocated Coal Miners program. The REDI program will provide fast-track
reemployment services directly to displaced coal miners -- equipping them with
the necessary skills to get back to work in a high-demand field, earning
comparable wages to their previous employment. Through an intensive, accelerated
program of coursework, workers can obtain credentialed skills in as little as
four months, rather than the more traditional training periods of a year or
more.  Training will be focused on three sectors with local employment
opportunities:  advanced manufacturing, construction, and health technology.
The program will certify 165 new trainees over the life of the award, and will
be supported by funding from the Thompson Charitable Fund and the Virginia
Tobacco Commission.

     $1,372,275 ARC grant to the Hatfield McCoy Regional Recreation Authority in
Man, WV for the Southern Coalfields Sustainable Tourism & Entrepreneurship
Program. ARC funds will develop and implement a comprehensive program to expand
tourism-related employment and businesses in southern West Virginia, and will
foster Hatfield McCoy Trail expansion in Kentucky and Virginia. In addition, the
award provides for the deployment of a coordinated marketing effort, which will
increase the region-wide economic impact of the Trails by $13,000,000 per year.
The project will create 225 jobs and 50 new businesses along the Trails, and
will be supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.

     $1,250,000 ARC grant to the Natural Capital Investment Fund, Inc. in
Shepherdstown, WV for the Growing Triple Bottom Line Small Businesses in Coal
Impacted Communities in Central Appalachia project. These funds will be used to
expand coal-impacted communities' access to capital in Southern West Virginia by
capitalizing a $4,000,000 tourism-related revolving loan fund and developing a
West Virginia New Markets Tax Credit Fund. The project will create 200 new jobs
and 20 new businesses, bring $5,000,000 of leveraged private investment into the
region, and will be supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum
Foundation .

     $997,150 ARC grant to the Shoals Entrepreneurial Center in Florence, AL for
the Shoals Shift project. The funds will be used to offer a wide range of
entrepreneurial programming, including improved access to capital and credit and
development of strategies to increase the profitability of the region's
start-ups and existing businesses through more efficient use of broadband
technologies. The programming includes training and activities for community
members and student entrepreneurs from middle schools all the way to the
university level. Activities will take place in a nine-county region covering
parts of northwest Alabama, northeast Mississippi, and south central Tennessee.
The project is expected to help create or retain 110 jobs, start 20 new
businesses, and leverage $10,000,000 in private investment.

     $967,500 ARC grant to the New River Gorge Regional Development Authority in
Beckley, WV for the New River Gorge Region - Developing an Entrepreneurial
Economy project. ARC funds will be used to establish a technical assistance
support program -- which will assist start-up businesses with hands-on technical
aspects of their operations -- and to hire social enterprise and region-wide
business coaches. The project will yield 15 new businesses, improve 294 existing
businesses, and create 225 new small-business jobs.

     $559,005 ETA National Dislocated Worker Grant to the Texas Workforce
Commission to provide reemployment services to 85 dislocated workers impacted by
recent layoffs in the coal industry in Hopkins and Titus counties. The funds
will be used primarily to prepare affected workers for in-demand jobs in
manufacturing, the largest industry in the North East Texas Workforce
Development Area. This project directly aligns with the North East Texas
Regional Talent Retention and Economic Growth Strategy, a long-term economic
plan to retain skilled workers within the region and maximize industrial growth.


     $500,000 ARC grant to Pennsylvania Wilds Center for Entrepreneurship, Inc.
in Russell, PA for the Nature Tourism Cluster Development in the PA Wilds
project. The ARC award will be used to create a coordinated regional cluster
development system to capitalize on Pennsylvania's numerous nature-tourism
assets that spread across 2,000,000 acres in 12 counties. This strategy will
drive attendance to these natural attractions, and will be leveraged by $500,000
in match investments to develop a network of small businesses to support the
increased demand for products and services in the area.



 POWER Planning Grant and Technical Assistance Award Summaries:



 Through the POWER Initiative, ARC and EDA are making funds available to assist
organizations to develop plans, assess needs and prepare proposals to build a
stronger economy for coal-impacted communities.



     $250,000 EDA grant to the Advantage Valley, Incorporated (AVI) in
Huntington, WV for the AVI Site Development and Small Business Feasibility
Study. This study will identify sites for commercial development within
identified clusters (including manufacturing, chemical and polymer production,
and supply chain distribution), and assess how small business activities can be
targeted to meet the needs of existing and new industry clusters (such as health
care) in an eight-county area. This EDA investment will also support the
analysis of the critical components necessary to establish a site development
fund.  AVI is partnering with the Charleston Area Alliance, West Virginia Small
Business Development Center, and regional economic development organizations to
develop this project, which will be supported by funding from the Claude
Worthington Benedum Foundation.

     $200,000 ARC grant to the West Virginia Development Office for the Hobet
Strategic Plan. West Virginia will receive technical assistance to develop a
detailed economic assessment and strategic plan for the best use of the Hobet
Surface Mine Site in Boone and Lincoln Counties, previously the largest surface
mining operation in the state.

     $120,000 EDA grant to New River Gorge Regional Development Authority
(NRGRDA) in Fayetteville, WV for a NRGRDA Regional Business Loan Study. This
study will assess the feasibility of establishing a comprehensive Regional Loan
Fund to invest in the most economically challenged communities in Southern West
Virginia.

     $60,202 ARC grant to the Southern Research Institute in Birmingham,
Alabama, for the development of a strategic plan focusing on entrepreneurship in
coal-impacted counties in the Appalachian part of Alabama.  Innovation and
increasing business startup activity will be the primary focus.

     $22,758 ARC grant to Youngstown State University in Youngstown, Ohio, to
analyze and develop a project plan for the Advanced Manufacturing Innovation and
Commercialization Center.  The project is expected to serve 14 counties in Ohio,
Pennsylvania, and West Virginia.

     $10,000 ARC grant to The EdVenture Group in Morgantown, West Virginia for
the Creating Opportunities, Diversifying Economy for displaced coal miners
(CODE) project to develop a sustainable plan for economic diversification.  The
project being developed is expected to serve 12 counties in West Virginia.



 POWER Special Projects Summaries:



 As part of the POWER Initiative, ARC is supporting several special projects to
strengthen entrepreneurship, expand market opportunities and address key issues
in Appalachia's coal communities.



     $750,000 to continue a collaborative effort with the National Institute on
Drug Abuse (NIDA) at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and other federal
partners to research opioid abuse and related problems of HIV and Hepatitis C
(HCV) in Appalachia's coal communities.

     $400,000 for a partnership with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) and the U.S Department of Agriculture (USDA) to expand the Cool &
Connected Initiative to help 10 Appalachian coal-impacted communities use
broadband service to revitalize small-town main streets and promote economic
development.  Participating communities will receive technical assistance for
strategic planning, as well as initial implementation support for the first
steps of their plans.  The communities are located in Alabama, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia.

      $352,000 to provide training, technical support, and expanded market
opportunities to Appalachian-based coal supply chain companies through
partnerships developed at MineExpo 2016, the world's largest and most
comprehensive exposition dedicated to mining equipment, products , and services.
This trade show is part of the 2016 U.S. Commercial Service International Buyer
Program schedule, which connects U.S. exhibitors with foreign buyer delegations
at the show.  ARC funds will be used to ensure the participation of companies
from Appalachia and enable them to get international trade support tailored to
the specific needs of the individual companies.  Southern Alleghenies Planning
and Development Commission in Altoona, Pennsylvania, is coordinating the ARC
assistance.

     $60,000 for a partnership with the National Association of Counties
Research Foundation to provide additional technical assistance to 11 teams from
Appalachian coal communities that participated in the EDA-funded Innovation
Challenge for Coal-Reliant Communities Program. This support includes grant
writing, feasibility studies, strategic plan development or updates and capacity
building to facilitate strategic and sustainable investments.  Community teams
are located in Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Fact Sheet: Administration Announces New Economic and Workforce
Development Resources for Coal Communities through POWER Initiative

LENGTH: 3769  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  As part of President Obama's ongoing efforts to assist communities negatively
impacted by changes in the coal industry and power sector, today the
Administration is announcing awards totaling $38.8 million for 29 economic and
workforce development projects -- in and across multiple states -- that are
building a stronger economic future for their communities, businesses, and
workers.  The awards are administered by the Appalachian Regional Commission
(ARC), the U.S. Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration
(EDA), and the U.S. Department of Labor's Employment and Training Administration
(ETA).  With these investments, it's estimated that 3,418 jobs will be created
or retained, and an additional $66,970,000 will be leveraged through investments
from other public and private partners.





 The Partnerships for Opportunity and Workforce and Economic Revitalization
(POWER) Initiative is a coordinated Administration effort, involving ten federal
agencies, with the goal of effectively aligning, leveraging and targeting a
range of federal economic and workforce development programs and resources to
assist communities and workers that have been affected by job losses in coal
mining, coal power plant operations, and coal-related supply chain industries
due to the changing economics of America's energy sector.



 The POWER Initiative is the primary economic and workforce component of
President Obama's broader POWER+ Plan, part of his FY 2017 budget request to
Congress.  The POWER+ Plan proposes more than $9 billion of investment to
support economic diversification in coal communities; employment and training
services for workers displaced from the coal economy; the health and retirement
security of coal miners and their families; the reclamation and redevelopment of
abandoned mine lands; and the deployment of carbon capture and sequestration
technology.



 Most of the awards announced today are the first to be awarded from a
competitive POWER federal funding opportunity released in March of this year by
the ARC and EDA to provide implementation, planning and technical assistance
grants in support of projects in coal-impacted communities that propose to do
one or more of the following:



 o           Diversify the commercial and industrial base of local and regional
economies;



 o           Create jobs in new and/or existing industries;



 o           Attract new sources of private and public investment; and



 o           Provide a range of workforce services and skills training for
high-quality, in-demand jobs.



 The POWER initiative is one example of a new approach to federal engagement
with communities that President Obama and his Administration have steadily
advanced over the last seven years.  The Administration has abandoned an
outdated, top-down approach to investing in communities in favor of a
collaborative federal role that is driven by partnership with local leaders to
link and leverage public and private resources and deliver comprehensive support
that reflects locally identified priorities.



 POWER Implementation Award Summaries:



     $7,474,100 total (a $4,974,100 EDA grant and a $2,500,000 ARC grant) to the
University of Pikeville in Pikeville, KY for the Kentucky College of Optometry
(KYCO) project. POWER funds will be used to purchase equipment, instructional
supplies, and other materials to help launch a new College of Optometry. The
college will both grow the healthcare workforce and improve access to vision
care in Central Appalachia.  KYCO will be only the second optometry college in
the Appalachian Region, and will primarily serve Eastern Kentucky, Southern West
Virginia, and Southwestern Virginia. Within the first three years of the award,
KYCO will graduate 60 optometrists, provide care to 12,000 patients, and bring
$26,000,000 in direct economic impact to the regional economy.

     $2,750,000 ARC grant to the Eastern Kentucky Concentrated Employment
Program (EKCEP) in Hazard, KY for the TechHire Eastern Kentucky (TEKY)
Initiative: Developing a Technology-Driven Workforce project. The project will
serve young adults aged 17-29 who are out of school, and older adults who are
unemployed, laid-off, or underemployed by offering several avenues to
industry-led accelerated technology training, paid work-based internships, and
employment opportunities in IT careers. This comprehensive workforce development
initiative will train 200 new workers, create 160 jobs, and serve to bolster
existing and emerging sectors that rely on a skilled information technology
workforce in 23 Eastern Kentucky counties.  The initiative will provide the
trained workers necessary for a private technology company to expand its
operations into Eastern Kentucky.

     $2,500,000 total (a $1,500,000 ARC grant and a $1,000,000 EDA grant) to the
Bluewell Public Service District in Bluefield, WV for the Mercer County Regional
Airport Development and Diversification Initiative. POWER funds will be used to
extend public water service along Route 52 and Airport Road to the Mercer County
Regional Airport. In addition to providing essential infrastructure to the
regional airport, the project will create 38 new jobs, and will capitalize on an
existing regional asset by providing funding for a strategic plan that will
position the airport and its adjoining 200 acres of flat, developable land as an
economic driver for four counties in Southern West Virginia and Southwestern
Virginia.

     $2,285,049 EDA grant to Upshur County Development Authority in Buckhannon,
WV, for the Upshur County Knowledge and Innovation Business Center. This project
consists of the construction of the new Business Center on property donated by
the City of Buckhannon, which will host a small business development center to
be managed by the Upshur County Development Authority. Small business
development support services will be targeted to IT and other technology-based
business interests. The Center will also provide flex-office and incubator
space. Broadband access will be available at the facility as a result of a
privately-funded initiative to address the current lack of broadband access in
Upshur County.  One technology company has already committed to locating in this
facility.  The project will create and retain 78 jobs and leverage $8,500,000 in
additional investment.

     $2,196,450 ARC grant to the Consortium for Entrepreneurship Education in
Charleston, WV for the EntreEd K-14: Every Student, Every Year project. The
EntreEd program enables K-12 teachers to integrate entrepreneurial content and
context into delivery of required standards in any subject or grade level. The
project will educate the next generation of Appalachia's workforce to create
their own businesses to drive the local economy.  ARC funds will expand the
footprint of the proven EntreEd program into five additional counties in West
Virginia, eleven counties in Kentucky, three counties in Ohio, one county in
Tennessee, and two counties in Virginia. The program will be supported by
expertise from the National Association for Community College Entrepreneurship
(NACCE), project management from the EdVenture Group, and funding from the
Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation. The EntreEd program will serve 15,000
K-12 Appalachian students in 50 individual schools and 7 community colleges over
the life of the award.

     $2,022,133 ARC grant to the Mountain Association for Community Economic
Development (MACED) in Berea, KY for the Economic Transition for Eastern
Kentucky (ETEK) Initiative. The ARC award will expand fast-track retraining and
entrepreneurial technical assistance services targeted to dislocated coal
workers; establish an intern program aimed at placing former coal workers in the
energy efficiency sector; and increase access to capital through a $1,000,000
venture capital loan fund. The project will create 200 new jobs and 100 new
enterprises, serve 500 existing businesses, and bring $12,000,000 in leveraged
financing to a 54-county region in Eastern Kentucky.

     $2,000,000 ARC grant to Ohio University in Athens, OH for the Leveraging
Innovation Gateways and Hubs Toward Sustainability (LIGHTS) project. The ARC
award will strengthen Southern Ohio's entrepreneurial ecosystem by leveraging
the capacity of four strategically located "Innovation Hubs" -- which provide
facilities, equipment and design/engineering expertise to entrepreneurs - and
five regional "Gateway Centers" that link local entrepreneurs to a broad array
of support services throughout the ecosystem. The project will build on the
successful TechGROWTH Ohio model, create 360 new jobs, 50 new small businesses,
and bring $5,000,000 in leveraged private investment to the area.

     $1,870,000 ARC grant to the Coalfield Development Corporation in Wayne, WV
for the Appalachian Social Entrepreneurship Investment Strategy. ARC funds will
be used to incubate job-creating social enterprises; scale-up Coalfield
Development Corporation's innovate 33-6-3 on-the-job training/education/life
skills workforce development model; and expand Coalfield Development
Corporation's service territory to other coal-impacted areas in Southern West
Virginia. The award will create 85 new jobs and equip 60 trainees to pursue
quality jobs in high-demand industries in the Appalachian Region, and will be
supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.

     $1,822,500 total (a $1,200,000 EDA grant and a $622,500 ARC grant) to the
Randolph County Development Authority in Elkins, WV for the Hardwood Cluster
Manufacturing Expansion Project. POWER funds will be utilized to expand a major
cabinet manufacturer's operation by enabling the doubling of its current
production rate due to a new national contract - thereby creating 45 new jobs
and adding $2,500,000 in annual wages to the regional economy. In addition, the
award will strengthen the Hardwood Alliance Zone - a nine-county region in
Central West Virginia containing a cluster of hardwood businesses.

     $1,648,400 EDA grant to Mingo County Redevelopment Authority (MCRA) and
Mingo County Public Service District in Williamson, WV for the Mingo County Air
Transportation Park Infrastructure Improvements project. The project will
provide potable water to the Mingo County Air Transportation Park atop a
reclaimed surface mine in the center of the county, which MCRA is positioning as
an industrial site for light and advanced manufacturers. It will include
construction of approximately 62 thousand feet of water line, a 500
gallon-per-minute booster pumping station, a one-million-gallon water storage
tank, and other related equipment, as well as an on-site sewage, aeration, and
absorption system.  The project will create and retain 520 jobs and leverage
$9,000,000 in additional investment.

     $1,500,000 ARC grant to Appalachian Sustainable Development in Abington, VA
for the Central Appalachian Food Enterprise Corridor. This 5-state, 43-county
project will develop a coordinated local foods distribution network throughout
Central Appalachia, and will connect established and emerging producers in Ohio,
West Virginia, Tennessee, Southwest Virginia, and Eastern Kentucky to wholesale
distribution markets. The ARC award will support planning, partner convening,
and capacity building, as well as production and processing equipment, supplies,
and labor costs, and will be supported by funding from the Just Transition Fund.
The strengthened food corridor will act as regional economic driver -- creating
120 jobs, retaining 250 jobs, and ultimately creating 95 new businesses.

     $1,464,251 ARC grant to the University of Kentucky Research Foundation in
Lexington, KY for the Downtown Revitalization in the Promise Zone project. This
project -- partnering with the Community and Economic Development Initiative of
Kentucky, the Foundation for Appalachian Kentucky, the Kentucky Promise Zone,
Shaping Our Appalachian Region (SOAR), and the Kentucky Mainstreet Program -
will help revitalize the downtowns of 8 distressed towns in the Southeastern
Kentucky Promise Zone.  The project will provide each community with tailored
economic studies that identify economic opportunities, support strategic
planning sessions to capitalize on those opportunities, provide financial
support for key steps to implement those strategies, and build local leadership
and business capacity. The project will create 24 new downtown businesses, 72
new jobs, and leverage $800,000 in private investment.

     $1,417,375 ARC grant to Southwest Virginia Community College (SWCC) in
Cedar Bluff, VA for the Retraining Energy Displaced Individuals (REDI) Center
for Dislocated Coal Miners program. The REDI program will provide fast-track
reemployment services directly to displaced coal miners -- equipping them with
the necessary skills to get back to work in a high-demand field, earning
comparable wages to their previous employment. Through an intensive, accelerated
program of coursework, workers can obtain credentialed skills in as little as
four months, rather than the more traditional training periods of a year or
more.  Training will be focused on three sectors with local employment
opportunities:  advanced manufacturing, construction, and health technology.
The program will certify 165 new trainees over the life of the award, and will
be supported by funding from the Thompson Charitable Fund and the Virginia
Tobacco Commission.

     $1,372,275 ARC grant to the Hatfield McCoy Regional Recreation Authority in
Man, WV for the Southern Coalfields Sustainable Tourism & Entrepreneurship
Program. ARC funds will develop and implement a comprehensive program to expand
tourism-related employment and businesses in southern West Virginia, and will
foster Hatfield McCoy Trail expansion in Kentucky and Virginia. In addition, the
award provides for the deployment of a coordinated marketing effort, which will
increase the region-wide economic impact of the Trails by $13,000,000 per year.
The project will create 225 jobs and 50 new businesses along the Trails, and
will be supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation.

     $1,250,000 ARC grant to the Natural Capital Investment Fund, Inc. in
Shepherdstown, WV for the Growing Triple Bottom Line Small Businesses in Coal
Impacted Communities in Central Appalachia project. These funds will be used to
expand coal-impacted communities' access to capital in Southern West Virginia by
capitalizing a $4,000,000 tourism-related revolving loan fund and developing a
West Virginia New Markets Tax Credit Fund. The project will create 200 new jobs
and 20 new businesses, bring $5,000,000 of leveraged private investment into the
region, and will be supported by funding from the Claude Worthington Benedum
Foundation .

     $997,150 ARC grant to the Shoals Entrepreneurial Center in Florence, AL for
the Shoals Shift project. The funds will be used to offer a wide range of
entrepreneurial programming, including improved access to capital and credit and
development of strategies to increase the profitability of the region's
start-ups and existing businesses through more efficient use of broadband
technologies. The programming includes training and activities for community
members and student entrepreneurs from middle schools all the way to the
university level. Activities will take place in a nine-county region covering
parts of northwest Alabama, northeast Mississippi, and south central Tennessee.
The project is expected to help create or retain 110 jobs, start 20 new
businesses, and leverage $10,000,000 in private investment.

     $967,500 ARC grant to the New River Gorge Regional Development Authority in
Beckley, WV for the New River Gorge Region - Developing an Entrepreneurial
Economy project. ARC funds will be used to establish a technical assistance
support program -- which will assist start-up businesses with hands-on technical
aspects of their operations -- and to hire social enterprise and region-wide
business coaches. The project will yield 15 new businesses, improve 294 existing
businesses, and create 225 new small-business jobs.

     $559,005 ETA National Dislocated Worker Grant to the Texas Workforce
Commission to provide reemployment services to 85 dislocated workers impacted by
recent layoffs in the coal industry in Hopkins and Titus counties. The funds
will be used primarily to prepare affected workers for in-demand jobs in
manufacturing, the largest industry in the North East Texas Workforce
Development Area. This project directly aligns with the North East Texas
Regional Talent Retention and Economic Growth Strategy, a long-term economic
plan to retain skilled workers within the region and maximize industrial growth.


     $500,000 ARC grant to Pennsylvania Wilds Center for Entrepreneurship, Inc.
in Russell, PA for the Nature Tourism Cluster Development in the PA Wilds
project. The ARC award will be used to create a coordinated regional cluster
development system to capitalize on Pennsylvania's numerous nature-tourism
assets that spread across 2,000,000 acres in 12 counties. This strategy will
drive attendance to these natural attractions, and will be leveraged by $500,000
in match investments to develop a network of small businesses to support the
increased demand for products and services in the area.



 POWER Planning Grant and Technical Assistance Award Summaries:



 Through the POWER Initiative, ARC and EDA are making funds available to assist
organizations to develop plans, assess needs and prepare proposals to build a
stronger economy for coal-impacted communities.



     $250,000 EDA grant to the Advantage Valley, Incorporated (AVI) in
Huntington, WV for the AVI Site Development and Small Business Feasibility
Study. This study will identify sites for commercial development within
identified clusters (including manufacturing, chemical and polymer production,
and supply chain distribution), and assess how small business activities can be
targeted to meet the needs of existing and new industry clusters (such as health
care) in an eight-county area. This EDA investment will also support the
analysis of the critical components necessary to establish a site development
fund.  AVI is partnering with the Charleston Area Alliance, West Virginia Small
Business Development Center, and regional economic development organizations to
develop this project, which will be supported by funding from the Claude
Worthington Benedum Foundation.

     $200,000 ARC grant to the West Virginia Development Office for the Hobet
Strategic Plan. West Virginia will receive technical assistance to develop a
detailed economic assessment and strategic plan for the best use of the Hobet
Surface Mine Site in Boone and Lincoln Counties, previously the largest surface
mining operation in the state.

     $120,000 EDA grant to New River Gorge Regional Development Authority
(NRGRDA) in Fayetteville, WV for a NRGRDA Regional Business Loan Study. This
study will assess the feasibility of establishing a comprehensive Regional Loan
Fund to invest in the most economically challenged communities in Southern West
Virginia.

     $60,202 ARC grant to the Southern Research Institute in Birmingham,
Alabama, for the development of a strategic plan focusing on entrepreneurship in
coal-impacted counties in the Appalachian part of Alabama.  Innovation and
increasing business startup activity will be the primary focus.

     $22,758 ARC grant to Youngstown State University in Youngstown, Ohio, to
analyze and develop a project plan for the Advanced Manufacturing Innovation and
Commercialization Center.  The project is expected to serve 14 counties in Ohio,
Pennsylvania, and West Virginia.

     $10,000 ARC grant to The EdVenture Group in Morgantown, West Virginia for
the Creating Opportunities, Diversifying Economy for displaced coal miners
(CODE) project to develop a sustainable plan for economic diversification.  The
project being developed is expected to serve 12 counties in West Virginia.



 POWER Special Projects Summaries:



 As part of the POWER Initiative, ARC is supporting several special projects to
strengthen entrepreneurship, expand market opportunities and address key issues
in Appalachia's coal communities.



     $750,000 to continue a collaborative effort with the National Institute on
Drug Abuse (NIDA) at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and other federal
partners to research opioid abuse and related problems of HIV and Hepatitis C
(HCV) in Appalachia's coal communities.

     $400,000 for a partnership with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) and the U.S Department of Agriculture (USDA) to expand the Cool &
Connected Initiative to help 10 Appalachian coal-impacted communities use
broadband service to revitalize small-town main streets and promote economic
development.  Participating communities will receive technical assistance for
strategic planning, as well as initial implementation support for the first
steps of their plans.  The communities are located in Alabama, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia.

      $352,000 to provide training, technical support, and expanded market
opportunities to Appalachian-based coal supply chain companies through
partnerships developed at MineExpo 2016, the world's largest and most
comprehensive exposition dedicated to mining equipment, products , and services.
This trade show is part of the 2016 U.S. Commercial Service International Buyer
Program schedule, which connects U.S. exhibitors with foreign buyer delegations
at the show.  ARC funds will be used to ensure the participation of companies
from Appalachia and enable them to get international trade support tailored to
the specific needs of the individual companies.  Southern Alleghenies Planning
and Development Commission in Altoona, Pennsylvania, is coordinating the ARC
assistance.

     $60,000 for a partnership with the National Association of Counties
Research Foundation to provide additional technical assistance to 11 teams from
Appalachian coal communities that participated in the EDA-funded Innovation
Challenge for Coal-Reliant Communities Program. This support includes grant
writing, feasibility studies, strategic plan development or updates and capacity
building to facilitate strategic and sustainable investments.  Community teams
are located in Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 27, 2000 Sunday

VALLEY HOSPITALITY;
TOURISM ALLIANCE STEPS UP EFFORTS TO PROMOTE IDENTITY OF ENTIRE ST. CROIX
VALLEY.

BYLINE: Gary Dawson Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1041 words

DATELINE: HUDSON, WIS.


When it came to promoting itself this year, the St. Croix Valley's hospitality
industry decided to put on an advertising blitz with a touch of glitz.

The increasingly aggressive St. Croix Valley Tourism Alliance, a 7-year-old
regional public-private partnership embracing both the Wisconsin and Minnesota
sides of the river, has just published a new glossy visitor's guide highlighting
attractions of the valley. It features 21 communities lining a 60-mile span of
the Lower St. Croix Scenic Riverway from St. Croix Falls, Wis. and Taylors
Falls, Minn., to Prescott, Wis., and Hastings.

"It's more in line with what other areas are doing," said Randy Fulton, owner of
Vacation Sports of White Bear Lake, Minn.,and president of the alliance. "It was
time to do more of an overall piece on the valley, to talk about all the
attractions of the valley, to give it more identity, to make it a destination.
We want to make sure that if you are in Hastings, you know what's going on in
Hudson or Stillwater or St. Croix Falls."

It is a shift in strategy from a major alliance promotion effort two years ago,
which featured a coupon book with discounts being offered by individual
businesses.

The idea is to attract more visitors from the Des Moines area and northern Iowa
and Chicago suburbs, as well as continue to draw from the Twin Cities region and
Wisconsin. The specific aim is to increase overnight stays and room occupancy
rates by 10 percent in the participating communities.

That would be a huge economic gain for an area in which the hospitality business
- along with light industry and manufacturing - has a major economic impact. The
alliance intends to find out how major in a proposed new economic impact study.

The only regional travel association in the two states that receives funding
from both Wisconsin and Minnesota state tourism agencies, the alliance is
financing its new marketing initiative guide with public and corporate subsidies
and advertising. The project includes guide distribution at sports and
recreation shows and direct insertion of the publication in suburban Chicago
newspapers.

The visitor magazine along with a Web site contains pictorial, printed, and
electronic information, including phone numbers and Internet links that assist
potential visitors in planning their trips. There is another goal in the new
guide based on "psychographics" in previous marketing studies.

The alliance already knew from demographic surveys that it is catering to
upper-income, largely college educated families in their mid-40s to mid-50s who
have children in their late teens or early adulthood. The psychographic
questions put to visitors uncovered other valuable marketing information.

"You are part of a crowd that wants a cultural or complete experience," said
Mark Kinders, public affairs director at UW-River Falls and marketing chairman
for the alliance as part of the university's historic role of providing economic
development expertise to regional commerce. "If you come to the valley, you want
a sense of culture, of its history, an appreciation for what's here and why it
exists. You want to savor the higher quality of activity available."

Part of your experience, Kinders explained, might be discovering that the first
mastodon tusk found in Minnesota was discovered at Stillwater in 1852; exploring
Indian mounds that date back to 1100 at Copas north of Marine-on-the-St. Croix;
visiting heritage centers at Prescott and New Richmond; or learning that the St.
Croix River was the first and only river in America to be protected with varying
degrees of environmental regulations for its entire length.

The new visitor guides are available at Chambers of Commerce, business
associations, travel centers and tourism offices, such as the one at the Mall of
America. The publication contains a varied menu of boat cruises and train rides,
river tubing, trail hiking, trout fishing, boutique shopping, scenery gawking,
beer and wine tasting opportunities, pageants and festivals and a growing
pastime: staying at one of the increasing number of classy bed and breakfasts.

The latter range range from a restored 1882 three-story Queen Anne Victorian
home in Hudson to more modern lakeside type retreats.

The Baker Brewster Victorian Inn at Hudson, operated by Dawn and Keith
Kleinknecht, was built by Henry Chapman Baker, an attorney who moved there from
New York City, and his wife, Ellen Brewster

Bed and breakfasts have been a growing segment of the valley's hospitality
industry the past decade. The Baker Brewster is approaching its second
anniversary.

"We offer peace and quiet - there are types of bed and breakfasts to match a
style to a person's personality," said Dawn Kleinknecht. A family of four could
expect to pay $200 to $300 for two rooms and breakfast at a valley facility.

Kleinknecht said some the inns, including her own, also host small business
conferences for about 10 people. A light lunch and refreshments can be included
for about $200 a day.

Bed and Breakfast Inns of the St. Croix Valley, an association of about 20 of
the facilities, have some joint promotions, including a frequent sleeper program
that rewards "Sleeping Beauties and Prince Charmings." For $25 participants get
a free night's stay after making six reservations and a brunch and cruise aboard
the Afton House Inn's Grand Duchess Cruise Boat anchored at Hudson.

The association has a spring road rally April 29 and 30 featuring a tea and tour
of up to 15 valley bed and breakfasts, and dinner aboard the Zephyr Train at
Stillwater for a total of $69.50.

St. Croix Valley
For information on attractions and trip planning:
St. Croix Valley Tourism Alliance Web site: www.uwrf.edu/scvrta
"The wild and Scenic St. Croix Valley" visitor's guide: Available at Chambers of
Commerce, business associations, travel information centers in Wisconsin and
Minnesota and tourism offices at the Mall of America and other sites.
Bed & Breakfasts Inns of the St. Croix Valley
Tel. 651-998-0185
Web site: www.innsofthevalley.com
Gary Dawson, who covers western Wisconsin, can be reached at
gddawson@pioneerpress.com, toll free at (800) 739-3921 or at (715) 381-1808.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos: Pioneer Press Photos by Craig Borck
Innkeepers Dawn and Keith Kleinknecht and their niece Kendra Jaeger
relax in one of two sitting rooms in the Baker Brewster House, a
restored Victorian house built in 1882 in Hudson and now used as a bed
and breakfast. The Kleinknechts' B & B is one of about 20 bed
-and-breakfast facilities in the Lower St. Croix Valley that work
together to promote the area as a travel destination.
Map: Pionner Press
St. Croix Valley Regional Tourism Alliance

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 10, 2011 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Grant to help fund OCU grape research project

BYLINE: VALLERY BROWN, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE NORTH; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 321 words


From wine to juice, fresh to raisin, Oklahoma City University students will be
honing in on what makes a great grape and contributing to research that helps
develop future generations of the fruit.

OCU has been awarded a $180,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
National Institute for Food and Agriculture Specialty Crops Research Initiative.

Cornell University in New York is the recipient of the overall $9 million grant.
A team of 25 breeders, geneticists, economists and specialists from about 10
universities in multiple states is working on the project to help speed up the
grape breeding process.

Bruce Reisch, a Cornell University grape breeder, said a major goal of the
project is to identify certain traits in grapes. One grape has some 30,000
genes.

"We want to locate at least 30 to 40 major traits of importance," Reisch said.
The grant will help further research on the breeding of grapes with a desirable
fruit quality, cold hardiness and resistance to disease.

The fruit has a national annual economic impact of about $4 billion, he said.

New grape varieties can take more than 20 years to develop. Commercial success
can take even longer.

"The project will help align science with the interests of individuals and the
public," said philosophy professor Scott Davidson, who is heading up OCU's end
of the project.

Davidson said this is a unique opportunity for students to learn how to conduct
research. Students will work with Davidson on a series of national surveys. The
information they gather will be used to make sure scientific research accounts
for traits consumers see as desirable.

"My hope is that our undergraduate students will gain new skills and take them
with them in their future careers," Davidson said.

The first classes for the program are anticipated to start this spring. The
grant spans through 2015, with the university matching the grant dollars to
support the program.


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                      Carroll County Community Foundation

                                215 W. Sycamore
                               Kokomo,  IN 46901
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (765) 454-7298
URL: www.cfcarroll.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Carroll County Community Foundation serves the needs of people through
the philanthropic aspirations of donors who wish to better their community, now
and in the future. The foundation's activities range from funding scholarships
to leading community initiatives that help fulfill local economic impact goals.
Individuals may become involved in a variety of ways, including creating a fund,
donating to an existing fund, giving through estate plans or participating on a
community panel or committee.  Every resident in each of Indiana's 92 counties
has access to a community foundation or affiliate fund in their home county - an
asset no other state enjoys. In 1990, Lilly Endowment Inc. created the Giving
Indiana Funds for Tomorrow (GIFT) initiative to seed the development of
community foundations throughout the state. This initial project helped
organizations both raise funds and give funds back to the communities they
represent.  The Carroll County Community Foundation was established in 1997 as a
not-for-profit charitable organization governed by a volunteer board of local
citizens. Its purpose is to serve the interests of donors, to make grants and to
act as a catalyst around issues of community importance in Carroll County. For
details about making a charitable gift or establishing a permanent endowment
fund to benefit a charitable organization or interest in Carroll County, contact
the Carroll County Community Foundation at (800) 964-0508 or visit the Web site
at www.cfca

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Senator Stabenow Applauds Selection of Michigan State University for Grant to
Address Water Quality

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today applauded the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) announcement that Michigan State University
has been awarded a $900,000 grant to work with farmers to address critical water
problems in rural communities and agriculture watersheds. The funding, which
comes through the USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture, was
authorized by Sen. Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill.

"Farmers play an extremely important role in addressing critical water
problems," said Stabenow. "I'm proud of Michigan State's leadership when it
comes to agricultural research. The support announced today will help make sure
our farmers have the tools they need to keep our waters clean."

Michigan State University's project will develop tools to help farmers deal with
challenges brought on by water quality issues and changing weather patterns. The
project will also evaluate the local economic impact of these smart agriculture
technologies and practices. The award was made available by the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative and
the National Integrated Water Quality Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Senator Stabenow Applauds Selection of Michigan State University for Grant to
Address Water Quality

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today applauded the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) announcement that Michigan State University
has been awarded a $900,000 grant to work with farmers to address critical water
problems in rural communities and agriculture watersheds. The funding, which
comes through the USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture, was
authorized by Sen. Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill.

"Farmers play an extremely important role in addressing critical water
problems," said Stabenow. "I'm proud of Michigan State's leadership when it
comes to agricultural research. The support announced today will help make sure
our farmers have the tools they need to keep our waters clean."

Michigan State University's project will develop tools to help farmers deal with
challenges brought on by water quality issues and changing weather patterns. The
project will also evaluate the local economic impact of these smart agriculture
technologies and practices. The award was made available by the National
Institute of Food and Agriculture's Agriculture and Food Research Initiative and
the National Integrated Water Quality Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 20, 2011 Sunday

Port authority defends move to hire new grants writer

BYLINE: Ed Runyan, Vindicator, Youngstown, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1119 words


Nov. 20--YOUNGSTOWN -- With half of the initial funding gone to operate the
economic-development office of the Western Reserve Port Authority, officials say
prospects for the future of the office look bright.

"The board as a whole supports her, and the funding partners are pleased as
well," said Scott Lynn, port authority chairman, talking about Rose Ann DeLeon,
hired two years ago at $155,000 per year plus benefits to bring a full-time
economic development focus to the port authority. The authority also runs the
Youngstown-Warren Regional Airport.

The funding partners are the cities of Youngstown, Warren and Niles,
commissioners of Mahoning and Trumbull counties, plus Howland Township and the
Western Reserve Building Trades Council. Together they are contributing $375,000
per year for three years. The money will be sufficient to keep the economic
development team running for two more years -- a total of four, DeLeon said last
week.

But are the partners happy enough with DeLeon's work so far to approve
additional funding in two years?

Lynn and DeLeon say they think the answer is yes, and they believe the addition
of veteran Mahoning County grant writer Sarah Lown is only likely to improve
those chances.

Ralph Infante, mayor of Niles, which agreed to contribute $50,000 to the effort,
said the city is happy with the work DeLeon's office has done, but he doesn't
know if Niles has the money to continue to contribute in the future.

Infante said the city is placing hope in a new joint economic-development plan
with Weathersfield Township for remediation of industrial land on the west side
of state Route 169 near North Road and hopes the port authority's work on
brownfield remediation will help make that happen.

Infante said he's a big supporter of the work of the Mahoning River Corridor
Initiative to help promote development and redevelopment of the nine cities
along the river, including Niles.

Lown has worked on brownfield remediation -- the cleaning of former industrial
sites -- since 1999, when she worked on a contract basis with the city of
Youngstown while associated with Youngstown State University's Center for Urban
Studies.

During that time, the city was awarded a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
grant to do planning and assessment of brownfield sites in Youngstown, Campbell
and Struthers.

Over the years, Lown has secured grant money from the state's Clean Ohio grant
program so that Valley sites could be cleaned up.

Examples are the CASTLO Industrial Park in Struthers, the YBM site on Logan
Avenue in Youngstown, the Wean Building near the Market Street Bridge in
Youngstown, and the Dempsey Steel site along U.S. Route 422 near V&M Star.

Lown has worked on about 25 brownfield projects since 1999, securing about $20
million in grants.

Her work on brownfields continued during four years with the Eastgate Regional
Council of Governments, where she secured grants to conduct an inventory of
brownfield sites in Mahoning and Trumbull counties, which helped prompt the
formation of the Mahoning River Corridor project.

A big part of Lown's new job will be to complete an application to the U.S. EPA
due Nov. 30 that, if secured, would enable the port authority to produce an
inventory and assessments of various brownfield sites in Trumbull County.

While considerable progress has been made to reuse former industrial sites in
Mahoning County, less progress has been made in Trumbull, Lown said.

The grant would focus "just on Trumbull County to catch up," Lown said, adding
that Trumbull County has "really gotten hit hard" since the recession of 2008
began.

Lown said she's excited by the prospect of going to work on areas such as the
Golden Triangle area of Howland and the city of Warren, where many former
booming industrial sites now sit idle.

She's excited because the sites are ideal areas for what some call the "new
urbanization" -- areas where residential, commercial, industrial purposes
converge.

"The new generation want to know they can walk and ride a bike to work, and all
the amenities are in a walking distance," said Lown.

The many brownfield sites in the Golden Triangle and elsewhere in Trumbull
County might be ideal for that because residential and commercial areas are
positioned so close to the former industrial sites, she said.

An example might be the former Packard Electric buildings on Dana and Griswold
streets in Warren, which have a bike path running through them, as well as
residential and commercial activity close by.

Trish Nuskievicz, assistant director of the Trumbull County Planning Commission,
said she's also pleased to have Lown on board full time to address brownfield
issues, because Trumbull County has needed it for 10 years.

"Sarah's been involved in brownfields for a lot of years and has a good track
record. We're lucky to get someone of her caliber," Nuskievicz said.

"I think this could have one of the greater economic impacts on this area," she
said.

The port authority already has applied for a second grant through the Ohio
Department of Development that would provide up to $50,000 to study brownfields
along the part of the U.S. Route 422 corridor in Girard and Youngstown.

Lown worked for Eastgate from 2004 to 2008 and was grants manager for the
Mahoning County commissioners from 2001 to 2004.

She worked for Youngstown for two years, mostly on the Joint Economic
Development District proposal the city wanted to have with Austintown and
Boardman to have workers in those communities pay an income tax to Youngstown if
their company used Youngstown water.

Don Hanni III, a port authority board member, questioned Lown's hiring at last
week's port authority meeting, wanting to know why no search was done and why
she's being paid $65,000.

DeLeon said she has been working with the Mahoning River Corridor Initiative for
many months and has asked a variety of people for referrals for the brownfields
position she wanted to fill.

"The name that came up over and over was Sarah," DeLeon said, adding that she
arrived at the salary for the job after talking with port authorities throughout
the state.

"She became available just when there was a need," DeLeon said.

Lown, a Youngstown resident, works out of DeLeon's office in the Youngstown
Business Incubator on West Federal Street.

Attempts to reach officials in the cities of Youngstown and Warren, and the
Mahoning County commissioners' office for this story were unsuccessful.

Trumbull County Commissioner Frank Fuda said the word he gets from fellow
Commissioner Paul Heltzel is that Trumbull and Mahoning counties are "making
progress" under DeLeon.

___ (c)2011 Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) Visit Vindicator (Youngstown, Ohio) at
www.vindy.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111120-YU-Port-authority-defends-move-to-hire-new-grants
-writer-20111120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YU


                           Copyright 2011 Vindicator


                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 18, 2011 Saturday

Fixing the Falls: Then and now

BYLINE: Mark Scheer, Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 734 words


June 18--NIAGARA FALLS -- It's been more than a year since New York Power
Authority President and CEO Richard Kessel took a stroll down Old Falls Street
for an upclose look at the city's new West Pedestrian Mall.

At the time, Kessel talked about plans for his agency to offer an economic
development package to support additional projects in the downtown area and in
other parts of Niagara County.

Months later, the resources still haven't arrived.

Wine on Third owner Shawn Weber is beginning to wonder if they ever will.

He believes the additional revenue could go a long way toward helping to
revitalize the city and hopes it isn't just another effort that sounds good, but
produces no results.

"Again we are victims of the political games," Weber said. "The saddest part of
it all is the fact that none of our elected officials fight for us. We always
hear that they are 'working behind the scenes.' I've been hearing that for 20
years now."

Local officials say they're confident Weber and other residents won't have to
wait too much longer. They also say they are continuing to push the agency and
state officials for approval of an economic development package that will pay
dividends for the community.

"The Niagara Initiative is still alive," said Niagara County Legislature
Chairman William Ross, C-Wheatfield. "As long as it's alive, we'll keep pursuing
it because it could have a tremendous economic impact."

The so-called "Niagara Initiative" represents a lengthy wishlist of projects
municipalities across the county are hoping will draw support as part of the
proposed authority deal. Local leaders are hoping to reach an agreement similar
in value to one offered by the authority to Erie County last year. As part of
the ongoing redevelopment of Buffalo's waterfront, the authority offered a $105
million financing arrangement that allows the community to compress payments
owed under its 50-year relicensing agreement into 20 years of funding. The
Buffalo deal also included a 20-year grant program to support inner harbor
projects. During a visit to Reservoir State Park in November, Kessel suggested
Niagara County's completed package could be worth more than $100 million dollars
and would compare favorably to the Buffalo deal.

During his visit to Old Falls Street last year, Kessel talked about wanting to
have a finished deal in place in months, not years.

Authority spokesperson Christine Pritchard indicated the process remains
ongoing.

Mayor Paul Dyster said he thought part of the delay had to do with the change in
administration in the governor's office. He noted negotiations on the Niagara
Initiative started under former Gov. David Paterson and are continuing under
current Gov. Andrew Cuomo. He said the effort is still in the works and that
he's confident Kessel and others at the authority are committed to getting it
done sooner rather than later.

"It's complicated trying to pull all this together and we didn't quite get it
done," Dyster said. "But, I know it's under active consideration by now and what
I'm trying to do is move it forward in a timely fashion."

Ross said he last discussed the matter with Kessel about a month ago and he
indicated that things were still progressing. He said he was expecting an update
from Kessel later this month when he is scheduled to visit Niagara County to
celebrate the 50th anniversary of the first power produced at the Niagara Power
Project. He noted that any incentive package offered by the authority is subject
to review by state officials, including Cuomo's office.

"When he does come up, we will certainly discuss it with him," Ross said.

Dyster said he had similar expectations for Kessel's scheduled visit and said
from all indications the authority leader remains committed to the effort.

"I believe he is now a strong advocate for the Niagara Initiative, both with his
board of trustees and the governor's office," Dyster said. "I'm hoping that
there is strong bi-partisan support by everyone in this region to try to move
this forward."

Contact Mark Scheer at 282-2311, ext. 2250.

To see more of the Niagara Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.niagara-gazette.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Niagara Gazette, Niagara
Falls, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110618-NF-Fixing-the-Falls-Then-and-now-0618-20110618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2011 Niagara Gazette


                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

City pays to keep show in Regina

BYLINE: Vanessa Brown, Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 531 words


City council's finance committee has approved $200,000 in funding toward keeping
the Canadian Western Agribition in Regina.

Deteriorating infrastructure at Evraz Place, where Agribition operates each
year, is a growing concern for the event's executives and various exhibitors.

That group now includes the city, which owns the buildings at Evraz Place.

"There is a concern that the poor condition of the facilities will start to
impact the number of delegates and vendors attending (Agribi-tion), and could
jeopardize the future of the show in our city," said the report, presented to
the finance committee Tuesday.

During November's show, snow and rain leaked through the roofs of several event
buildings, most notably the Canada Centre and livestock barns on the west side
of the property.

Finance committee members have approved a $100,000 grant Evraz Place officials
expect will help fix the roof of the Canada Centre building.

A second grant of up to $100,000 will support a Regina Regional Opportunities
Commission (RROC)-led study of Agribition's regional economic impact.

That report, to be completed by a third-party consultant, will also map out the
42-year agricultural event's long-term infrastructure needs.

The funding is to be withdrawn from the finance committee's grant program, set
annually at $255,000 and earmarked for "initiatives related to economic and
promotional purposes." According to the city's report, the program still had
$200,000 in unused funds before Tuesday's vote.

Councillor Shawn Fraser asked how the funding approved Tuesday fit into the
scope of the grant program. Fraser also questioned why only $55,000 had been
spent so close to year's end.

"I'm just curious; it seems odd to have this much money not be allocated,"
Fraser said.

Chris Holden, the city's director of community development, said $200,000
previously allocated to a university liasion position expired at the end of
2011.

The city's administration expects the RROC study to be completed in six to nine
months.

Marty Seymour, Agribition CEO, said the study will enable the show's various
partners to develop a long-term plan both for Agribition and Evraz Place
buildings in need of repair.

Representatives from Agribition, Evraz Place, the Regina Exhibition Association
Ltd., the Regina Hotel Association and the city of Regina will collaborate.

The study will mark the first time all stakeholders meet to tackle the
infrastructure problems at Evraz Place.

"What we've been missing is all of us sitting down, working through a process to
determine what needs to be done," Seymour said. "... I believe the time has come
for us to invest in a solution - have everybody pulling in the same direction
and come out of it with a plan."

While he stopped short of saying outright that Agribi-tion's future in Regina is
in immediate jeopardy, Seymour told the finance committee Tuesday that this
year's water problems "really affected our brand in a negative way."

"I don't believe the show's sustainable if we do nothing," he said in an earlier
interview. "We anticipate new (facilities), but we have a lot of work to do
between now and then, and that's the point of this particular study."

vbrown@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Don Healy, Leader-Post; Tarps collect water and hoses siphon the water
off into large drums in the Canada Centre Building at Evraz Place.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Innovation Squared project dedicated in W-B

BYLINE: Denise Allabaugh, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


Dec. 18--WILKES-BARRE -- A technology workshop and multimedia center that will
be constructed in the Innovation Center in downtown Wilkes-Barre is expected to
have an immense economic impact, Penn State University President Eric Barron
said.

"We expect it will create new jobs and business opportunities," Barron said.

Barron joined local, state and Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber officials on
Thursday for a dedication and ribbon cutting ceremony for the next phase of a
project called "Innovation Squared."

Penn State provided a $50,000 grant to support Innovation Squared, that is aimed
at creating jobs and developing a mentorship program and what Barron called an
entrepreneurial "ecosystem" in downtown Wilkes-Barre.

The 5,000-square-foot technology workshop and multi-media center planned will
provide local professionals, businesses, colleges and universities access to
shared workshops for research and development.

Private conference rooms will be available for training, presentations and
meetings and a multi-service center will be used for board meetings, podcasts,
lectures, technology competitions and mentorship activities.

"They're going to have tables, computers and access to the latest technology
such as 3D printers," said Joseph Boylan, vice president of economic development
for the Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber. "It will be common shared space where
students, young professionals and existing businesses can come and use the
latest technology."

The construction is expected to be complete by the end of the first quarter of
2016, said Wico van Genderen, CEO of the Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber.

A program called the "Wilkes-Barre Connect Initiative" will run within the
workshop and media center to provide mentoring, training, networking and
technical assistance as well as access to capital, facilities and other
resources to start-up and existing business, van Genderen said.

The project will be like the New Leaf Initiative in State College that provides
student entrepreneurs access to resources they need to succeed in an innovative
work environment, Barron said.

"We're glad we could provide a location where academics and entrepreneurial
leaders can meet and develop initiatives and programs, driving innovation in the
Greater Wilkes-Barre area," Barron said.

The Innovation Squared project began in June with eBay Enterprise's announcement
that it will add 35 to 40 jobs and expand its space on the third floor of the
Innovation Center.

Mike Jones, CEO of eBay Enterprise who has been in the Innovation Center for
more than 10 years, said a technology workshop and multi-media center is needed
in the downtown Wilkes-Barre building and marks the start to a journey "toward
creating a true world-class asset."

"This facility will be one of a kind and it will be used to nurture ideas and
absolutely turn them into reality for so many of the talented entrepreneurs who
live in this area," Jones said. "I could not be more excited."

Earlier this year, it was announced Wilkes-Barre received $500,000 from local
slots revenue money from Mohegan Sun Pocono for the Innovation Squared project.
Of that money, $250,00 will be used for the developments at the Innovation
Center, Boylan said.

The Innovation Squared project also includes renovations to the First National
Bank building and other upgrades on Public Square.

Quoting U.S. Census data, Larry Newman, executive director of the Diamond City
Partnership, said one-third of all information sector jobs in the
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton/Hazleton metropolitan area are located in downtown
Wilkes-Barre. He said Innovation Squared is aimed at "taking advantage of
downtown Wilkes-Barre's emergence as the region's Innovation District."

dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2115

___ (c)2015 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151218-YC-Innovation-Squared-project-dedicated-in-W-B-1218-20151218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2015 The Citizens' Voice


                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Connellsville area benefits from tourism grant program

BYLINE: Karl Polacek, The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1048 words


April 17--The Connellsville Redevelopment Authority has been awarded a $50,000
grant for site preparation for a new 54-room hotel on Connellsville's West Side
being developed by Hotel D2.

The authority was one of 28 Fayette County not-for-profit tourism-related
organizations that were awarded a combined total of $452,500 during a
presentation Wednesday in Uniontown by the Laurel Highlands Visitors Bureau. It
was the annual tourism grant program's sixth cycle which is funded by 50 percent
of the Fayette County Hotel Room Tax, a tax paid by guests who spend the night
in a lodging property.

Fayette County Commissioner Al Ambrosini said 97 percent to 98 percent of the
tax is paid by people who do not live in the area.

Michael Edwards, executive director of the Redevelopment Authority of the City
of Connellsville, said closing for the West Side property where the hotel will
be located has not been set as of yet.

"They acquire the site, then start demolition. They submit the bills to us and
then we pay them (the contractors who do the work,)" Edwards said.

Edwards said the developer will have to post a bond so that if the hotel is not
built in five years, the bond will revert to the authority, which will then
refund the money to the Laurel Highlands Visitors Bureau.

Edwards, who is also the president of the Fayette County Cultural Trust, on
Wednesday accepted a $17,000 grant for that organization to be used to sustain
efforts for events it coordinates throughout the year to attract visitors to the
county and Connellsville. The trust was also given a $10,000 grant to use for
marketing for the ArtWorks and Connellsville Canteen, located on Crawford
Avenue.

Karen Hechler of the Connellsville Historical Society accepted a $5,000 capital
grant to purchase a mannequin of Hanna Crawford to serve as a backdrop for the
story of how Crawford's Cabin was founded. Another $5,000 grant was awarded for
operating expenses for the festival commemorating Braddock's Crossing of the
Youghiogheny River. A third grant of $1,500 was awarded for the marketing of the
event.

Also benefitting the Connellsville area, the Yough River Trail Council/Regional
Trail Corp. was awarded a $15,000 grant for the resurfacing of the Great
Allegheny Passage between Bruner Run and Camp Carmel. The grant will also fund
the purchase of a commercial Buffalo Turbine Blower and Ground Clear for use on
the entire Fayette County section of the Great Allegheny Passage.

The Dunbar Historical Society was awarded grants for $7,000 for a small annex to
the education center to display the world's largest piece of carved glass.
Pascal's "Seated Torso" was donated by the Donald Trump organization. That grant
was accepted by Diana Homer. Donna Myers accepted a marketing grant of $2,000
and Guy Rose accepted another operating grant of $2,000.

Highlands Hospital received $19,500 to develop and promote a Laurel Highlands
Wellness Getaway in conjunction with Nemacolin Woodlands Resort. The program
will offer a holistic health program including instructions in nutrition,
exercise and stress control. Vicki Meier accepted the grant for the hospital.

Frank Lloyd Wright's Fallingwater received a grant of $40,000 to improve the
Overlook Path and the Return Path. That grant was received by Clinton Piper.

The Allegheny Trail Alliance/Regional Trail Corp., was given a $20,000 grant for
a website upgrade, production and distribution of trail map and trail town
brochures and participation in the Great Allegheny Passage's three destination
marketing organization initiatives. Linda Boxx accepted the donation.

The Private Industry Council of Westmoreland/Fayette was awarded an $18,000
grant towards the construction of a new facility in Lemont Furnace. Shujvane
Martin accepted the grant for PIC.

The Fay-Penn Economic Development Council was given a $15,000 grant to market
its Buy Local Network, which includes seven Fayette County Farmers Market
programs. The grant was accepted by Bob Junk.

The Fayette County Agricultural Improvement Association, Inc. got a $15,000
grant to continue improvements to the Fiddler's Building at the Fayette County
Fairgrounds. John Blaney and Linda Rooker received the funds. The association
also got a $12,000 grant to increase attendance through radio, cable TV, Google
and Facebook ads.

The State Theatre Center for the Arts in Uniontown received two grants of
$10,000, one for marketing and one for operating expenses. Erica Miller accepted
the grants.

Peter Grella accepted a $10,000 grant for the Trail Town Program/the Progress
Fund for the Great Allegheny Passage signage project.

Casey Sirochman, librarian at the Carnegie Free Library of Connellsville,
accepted a $9,000 operating grant and a $7,000 capital grant. The capital grant
will be used to purchase a new Microfilm Crossover Digital Film/Viewer/Scanner
machine.

Donna Holdorf of the National Road Heritage Corridor received three grants for
the organization. One for $7,000 will allow for the placement of Pennsylvania's
Tourist Oriented Directional Signs. Another for $4,000 was for an operating
grant to support efforts to build awareness. A third grant of $2,000 is to
develop a website to promote boat launches, kayak rentals and other recreational
activities and businesses associated with the Monongahela River in Fayette
County.

The Christian Family and Children's Center in Indian Head was awarded a $2,000
marketing grant to promote special programs and entertainment that will be held
at the new center. Barbara Skinner accepted the grant.

"From a new hotel in Connellsville, to marketing the Mon River's recreational
opportunities, and Fallingwater's grounds enhancement project, there are quite a
few new initiatives being funded this year that I think will attract visitors
and increase business for the county," said Laurel Highlands Visitors Bureau
President Ron Virag.

According to the annual Economic Impact of Pennsylvania Travel and Tourism
Report, visitors spent more than $643 million in Fayette County in 2012.

Karl Polacek is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
kpolacek@tribweb.com or 724-626-3538.

___ (c)2014 The Daily Courier (Connellsville, Pa.) Visit The Daily Courier
(Connellsville, Pa.) at www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140417-DC-Connellsville-area-benefits-from-tourism-grant
-program-0417-20140417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2014 The Daily Courier


                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 13, 2011 Sunday

Enid Tree Board a finalist in environmental excellence award

BYLINE: Robert Barron, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Nov. 13--ENID -- Enid didn't win the category, but it was a finalist for a Keep
Oklahoma Beautiful award for Local and County Government.

Edmond was announced as the winner at the Keep Oklahoma Beautiful Environmental
Excellence awards banquet Thursday at the Skirvin Hotel in Oklahoma City. Tulsa
City-County Library system and Enid Tree Board also were nominated.

"Enid's Tree Board has worked to improve and maintain the appearance of
corridors into and through Enid," said Steve Glazier, chairman of Enid Tree
Board.

Even though Enid was not the category winner, Glazier said it the board is
encouraged to be placed in the same category as the city of Edmond, long
recognized as a leader in beautification and quality of life issues, and the
Tulsa City-County Library System.

"It's an honor to be mentioned in the same breath as Edmond and the Tulsa
City-County Library system," he said. "It speaks highly our community, and I
also thank the leadership of the city, City Manager Eric Benson and the council.
Many of our projects have been grant-funded, some privately funded, but we have
also begun receiving a budget from the city."

Glazier said the tree board and the city understand the value of Enid's
appearance to visitors. He called it not just a beautification issue, but also
an economic development one.

"The tree board recognizes how vitally important the appearance of our
'Corridors of Commerce,' are in regard to the economic development within our
community," Glazier said. "The public image of our community is an ongoing
priority. It communicates to prospective new businesses that the community is in
touch with quality of life initiatives and truly is invested in the economic
impact of Enid."

More than 10,000 trees have been distributed throughout the community in the
past several years, and the board recently announced a new initiative, "Extreme
Business Makeover." After applying, several businesses throughout the community
were selected to receive donations of crepe myrtles to help improve the facades
of their business.

Glazier said the projects make Enid more of a destination market, with people
coming to Enid for the day and improving its economy while here.

"We're very excited about (being nominated for the award) and worked hard to be
there, and we will continue to work hard on projects in the next 12 months that
could be enough to make us a winner next year," he said.

___ (c)2011 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111113-EK-Enid-Tree-Board-a-finalist-in-environmental-excellence-award-1113-20
111113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2011 Enid News & Eagle


                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Washington: DOD Approves Community Economic Adjustment Grant for the States of
Michigan, Indiana and Ohio in Response to Reductions in Defense Expenditures

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Defense, The Government of USA has issued the following News
Release:

The Department of Defense announced today a community economic adjustment grant
from the Office of Economic Adjustment (OEA) to a consortium of universities
representing Michigan, Ohio and Indiana to provide on-call technical assistance
to communities and small- and medium-size companies impacted by the current
defense procurement drawdown.

The University of Michigan's Institute for Research on Labor, Employment, and
the Economy, in partnership with Ohio State University and Purdue University,
was awarded a $2,479,069 grant for a regional Defense Manufacturing Assistance
Program. These federal funds are part of a larger $2,777,257 project that will,
among other activities, assist impacted companies across Michigan, Indiana, and
Ohio to find new markets, support business stabilization, and implement
diversification strategies. This project builds off of a proven model developed
during the Great Recession to assist communities and businesses impacted by
layoffs across the auto industry and its supply chain. Since 2012, defense
manufacturers in these three states have announced over 3,900 layoffs.

The grant is awarded under OEA's Defense Industry Adjustment Program to assist
states and communities that have been significantly impacted by reductions or
cancellations in DoD spending. States and communities can request OEA assistance
to: organize themselves to respond on behalf of affected communities, workers,
and businesses; plan local community and economic adjustment activities to
lessen local economic impacts; and, carry-out plans to replace lost economic
activity. OEA project managers work with impacted areas to coordinate a broader
program of assistance from across the federal government when necessary.
Strategic regional initiatives will leverage cutting edge skills and technology
to attract new investments, helping to preserve industrial base capacity even as
defense spending declines. Proposals are considered for funding on a rolling
basis and are subject to the availability of appropriations.

For more information please visit: http://www.defense.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            November 20, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

USF's Biotech InitiativeDamaged By Intrastate Rivalry

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 549 words


The Florida Board of Governors cheated the University of South Florida last week
by slashing funding for a key biotech initiative that will create hundreds of
high-paying jobs in Tampa. The cuts were made to appease politically powerful
interests at Florida State University.

By cutting USF's funds, the board rewarded FSU for going outside the rules and
flexing its political muscle. Such behavior calls into question whether this
board can make the courageous decisions needed to grow Centers of Excellence at
specific universities. Rather than doing the right thing, the board rolled over
when politics came into play.

USF had been awarded $10 million to help launch a new cancer vaccine laboratory
in partnership with BioVest International Inc., an effort that will mean 400
jobs in Tampa and a $188 million economic impact. USF won the grant after
putting together the best of 19 proposals submitted by the state's 11
universities.

FSU had a lesser-ranked proposal that through a clerical error was placed higher
on the funding list than it deserved. When FSU President T.K. Wetherall learned
his proposal had lost out, he figuratively pounded the table and the Board of
Governors capitulated, changing the rules for how it would distribute the $30
million awarded by the Legislature this year to build Centers of Excellence in
the university system.

In other words, the board cut $2 million from USF's center - and more from
others - so that FSU could get money it didn't merit.

Perhaps the Board of Governors acquiesced to powerful state legislators to
ensure that the program is renewed next year, when USF's $2 million should be
restored in addition to continued funding. But as it tries to position itself as
the sole leader of the state's universities, the board showed a willingness to
compromise its integrity and cede the moral high ground.

Without strong leadership from this board, Florida will never build the unique
centers needed to distinguish our universities and grow the state's biotech
industry. Florida needs its key political players - universities and elected
officials alike - working toward the same goals.

Florida also is floundering because it lacks a strategic road map. Enterprise
Florida paid the California-based Milken Institute $200,000 last year to help
develop one, but the plan that was supposed to be done this summer won't be
delivered until sometime next year.

Lacking a vision, the state lurches from project to project without creating
connections to major investments already in place, such as Tampa's Moffitt
Cancer Center, the only comprehensive cancer center - so designated by the
National Institutes of Health - in Florida.

But even when it has a vision, like that outlined for the Centers of Excellence,
leaders can't find the backbone to follow through.

If the Board of Governors continues to make such haphazard decisions, biotech
companies are going to be skittish about entering complex and time-consuming
negotiations with Florida's universities.

Florida is justified to have big ambitions in biotech, but those ambitions won't
translate into economic growth and jobs unless there's a defined mission that
rises above parochial interests.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OUR OPINION

GRAPHIC: .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

Innovation Squared project dedicated

BYLINE: Denise Allabaugh, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


Dec. 17--WILKES-BARRE -- A technology workshop and multi-media center that will
be constructed in the Innovation Center in downtown Wilkes-Barre is expected to
have an immense economic impact, said Penn State University President Eric
Barron.

"We expect it will create new jobs and business opportunities," Barron said.

Barron joined local, state and Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber officials on
Thursday for a dedication and ribbon cutting ceremony for the next phase of a
project called "Innovation Squared."

Penn State provided a $50,000 grant to support Innovation Squared, that is aimed
at creating jobs and developing a mentorship program and what Barron called an
entrepreneurial "ecosystem" in downtown Wilkes-Barre.

The 5,000-square-foot technology workshop and multi-media center planned will
provide local professionals, businesses, colleges and universities access to
shared workshops for research and development.

Private conference rooms will be available for training, presentations and
meetings and a multi-service center will be used for board meetings, podcasts,
lectures, technology competitions and mentorship activities.

"They're going to have tables, computers and access to the latest technology
such as 3D printers," said Joseph Boylan, vice president of economic development
for the Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber. "It will be common shared space where
students, young professionals and existing businesses can come and use the
latest technology."

The construction is expected to be complete by the end of the first quarter of
2016, said Wico van Genderen, CEO of the Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber.

A program called the "Wilkes-Barre Connect Initiative" will run within the
workshop and media center to provide mentoring, training, networking and
technical assistance as well as access to capital, facilities and other
resources to start-up and existing business, van Genderen said.

The project will be like the New Leaf Initiative in State College that provides
student entrepreneurs access to resources they need to succeed in an innovative
work environment, Barron said.

"We're glad we could provide a location where academics and entrepreneurial
leaders can meet and develop initiatives and programs, driving innovation in the
Greater Wilkes-Barre area," Barron said.

The Innovation Squared project began in June with eBay Enterprise's announcement
that it will add 35 to 40 jobs and expand its space on the third floor of the
Innovation Center.

Mike Jones, CEO of eBay Enterprise who has been in the Innovation Center for
more than 10 years, said a technology workshop and multi-media center is needed
in the downtown Wilkes-Barre building and marks the start to a journey "toward
creating a true world-class asset."

"This facility will be one of a kind and it will be used to nurture ideas and
absolutely turn them into reality for so many of the talented entrepreneurs who
live in this area," Jones said. "I could not be more excited."

Earlier this year, it was announced Wilkes-Barre received $500,000 from local
slots revenue money from Mohegan Sun Pocono for the Innovation Squared project.
Of that money, $250,00 will be used for the developments at the Innovation
Center, Boylan said.

The Innovation Squared project also includes renovations to the First National
Bank building and other upgrades on Public Square.

Quoting U.S. Census data, Larry Newman, executive director of the Diamond City
Partnership, said one-third of all information sector jobs in the
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton/Hazleton metropolitan area are located in downtown
Wilkes-Barre. He said Innovation Squared is aimed at "taking advantage of
downtown Wilkes-Barre's emergence as the region's Innovation District."

dallabaugh@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2115

___ (c)2015 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151217-YC-Innovation-Squared-project-dedicated-1217-20151217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2015 The Citizens' Voice


                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              July 3, 2007 Tuesday

Brattleboro youth get boost from USDA Rural Development funding

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 359 words


MONTPELIER -- Grants from USDA Rural Development totaling almost $80,000 will be
used by two organizations that are invested in the future of Brattleboro's
youth.

The New England Youth Theater began a capital campaign in 2005 to build an art
youth teaching theatre and create an "Arts Campus" in downtown Brattleboro.

They have been awarded a $29,315 Economic Impact Initiative Grant from USDA
Rural Development to purchase equipment and fixtures needed for the classrooms
and training facilities for youth classes, after school programs and workshops
in theatre management.

The New England Youth Theatre, now in its eighth season, offers a variety of
classes to introduce students to the acting process, including: improvisation,
movement, scene work, monologue, comedy, and ensemble building. Each course
helps students develop their acting/communication skills and increase their self
confidence.

The Neighborhood Schoolhouse of Brattleboro, an independent school for preschool
through elementary school children, received two grants totaling $50,100 from
USDA Rural Development.

Neighborhood Schoolhouse of Brattleboro, which has been open since 1981 and
currently serves 55 students from the Brattleboro area, will use the grants to
purchase a computer system to handle the school data base and administrative
functions. They will also make health, safety and energy efficiency improvements
to their facility.

"Anytime that Rural Development funds projects that provide youth with the
opportunity to grow and learn in a safe, nurturing environment, we are investing
in America's future," said Jolinda H. LaClair, state director of USDA Rural
Development.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life by providing financial and technical assistance to foster
growth and new opportunities for business development, home ownership and
critical community and technology infrastructure.

During fiscal year 2006, Rural Development invested more than $62 million in
rural Vermont in the form of loans and grants. To learn more about USDA Rural
Development programs visit the Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/vt .

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: TIA receives $5.3M DOT grant for airfield upgrades

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Kathy Castor haw has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Rep. Kathy Castor (FL14) announced today that Tampa International Airport
received a $5.3 million grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation for
important airfield upgrades.  The new infrastructure dollars follow two other
significant transportation announcements:  New Tampa International Airport
flights to Cuba and new, modern buses for HART.  All are welcome news for
hard-working families and businesses of Tampa Bay.





 "The Tampa Bay area's economy continues to grow and transportation improvements
are an important way to create higher-wage jobs and new opportunities.
Infrastructure investments at the airport has put thousands to work already.
The new U.S. Department of Transportation grant will keep the momentum going and
ensure that Tampa International Airport remains one of the best in the world,"
said U.S. Rep. Castor. "Tampa International Airport is a major gateway for
tourists and business travelers, and its strong economic impact will be
increased by this investment. Federal funding to rehab its taxiway and apron
will ensure Tampa International stays [#x200e]where it is -- [#x200e]among the
nation's and world's favorite airports [#x200e]and increase the airport's
already high standards for safety and efficiency."



 The announcement comes on the heels of earlier good economic news of
[#x200e]consistent commercial flights by Southwest Airlines to Havana, Cuba from
Tampa International Airport, which was approved by DOT last month.



 This infrastructure investment also adds to another of Tampa's recent successes
in attracting federal grants to help create jobs and grow our economy. Earlier
this month, U.S. Rep. Castor announced a $4.3 million DOT grant for HART for
eight new modern buses to help neighbors in our region get to and from work. In
addition, this major investment supports HART's initiative to convert from dirty
fuels to CNG-powered vehicles.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
